Needham Roberts ( April 28 , 1901 -- April 18 , 1949 ) was an American soldier in the Harlem Hellfighters and recipient of the Purple Heart and the Croix de Guerre .
In 1992 , Within Our Gates was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being `` culturally , historically , and aesthetically significant '' .
Mikhail Katukov was awarded the title of the Hero of the Soviet Union twice ( September 29 , 1944 and April 6 , 1945 ) .
John Mapes Adams ( October 11 , 1871 -- January 6 , 1921 ) was an American Marine who received the Medal of Honor for valor during the Boxer Rebellion .
Peter Douglas ' television production credits include Inherit the Wind ( 1988 ) , for which he won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama or Comedy Special , and Amos ( 1984 ) , which was also Emmy - nominated in the same category .
In the 2013 Queens Birthday Honours , Petro Georgiou was made an Officer of the Order of Australia ( AO ) `` For distinguished service to the Parliament of Australia , to multiculturalism and human rights advocacy , and to the community . ''
Alfred Nowak ( 1 August 1920 -- 13 September 1943 ) was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was awarded a posthumous Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
Susan Polgar ( born April 19 , 1969 , as Polgár Zsuzsanna and often known as Zsuzsa Polgár ) is a Hungarian - born American chess Grandmaster .
Ajit Chandra Chatterjee ( born 1923 ) is an Indian civil servant who was awarded the Padma Shri in 1975 .
Oliver Cyril Spencer Watson VC DSO ( 7 September 1876 -- 28 March 1918 ) was an English posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Karl Zierhofer ( 12 February 1924 -- 1 April 1945 ) was a highly decorated Gefreiter in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Franz Riedel ( 2 December 1921 -- 17 May 2001 ) was an Obersturmführer ( First Lieutenant ) in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
Caroline Bird was a winner of the Poetry London Competition in 2007 , the Peterloo Poetry Competition for three years running ( 2004 , 2003 and 2002 ) , a major Eric Gregory Award in 2002 and the Foyles Young Poet of the Year Award in 1999 and 2000 .
Duncan Suttles ( born 21 December 1945 ) is a Grandmaster ( chess ) of chess who was the strongest Canadian player between the eras of Abe Yanofsky and Kevin Spraggett .
On 15 August 1999 , India 's 52nd anniversary of Independence , Squadron Leader Ajay Ahuja was posthumously awarded the Vir Chakra , one of India 's highest gallantry honours for military personnel .
Malahat Nasibova ( born March 6 , 1969 , Nakhchivan City ) , is an Azerbaijani journalist and human rights activist who was awarded the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize in 2009 for her `` courageous and unwavering struggle for a free and independent press . ''
Spartak Belyaev ( born October 27 , 1921 ) is Russian theoretical physicist who was awarded a Lomonosov Gold Medal .
Friedrich Jakob ( 18 March 1910 -- 9 September 1994 ) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Rustom Jal Vakil ( 1911 - -1974 ) was a renowned cardiologist from India who was awarded Padma Bhushan for his contribution .
Several of his Emmy Award nominations and one Emmy Award were for Outstanding Musical or Variety Series , and in 2005 Shout Factory released a selection of performances and interviews on a three - DVD set , The Dick Cavett Show :
Nana Alexandria ( Georgian : ნანა გიორგის ასული ალექსანდრია , Nana Giorgis asuli Aleksandria ; born 13 October 1949 ) is a Georgian chess Woman Grandmaster ( 1976 ) and International Arbiter ( 1995 ) .
Simon de Melun ( 1250 -- Kortrijk , 11 July 1302 ) was a Marshal of France killed in the Battle of the Golden Spurs .
Samuel N. Cohen , CM , LL.D. , ( July 9 , 1919 -- July 28 , 1988 ) was a Canadian entrepreneur , community builder , philanthropist , and Member of the Order of Canada .
In 1988 , the year of Australia 's bicentenary , Ken Short was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia , General Division , for services to `` Religion , particularly as Anglican Bishop of the Australian Defence Force . ''
Ivan Dmitriyevich Borisov ( Russian : Иван Дмитриевич Борисов ) ( 1913 - -1939 ) was a Soviet aircraft pilot and Hero of the Soviet Union .
Vitālijs Samoļins ( born March 7 , 1990 , Jelgava ) is a Latvian chess International Master ( 2009 ) .
At age 21 , Jimmy George was the youngest volleyball player to win the Arjuna Award .
Dr. med . Hans - Joachim Schulz - Merkel ( 6 April 1913 -- 2 September 2000 ) was a highly decorated Oberstabsarzt in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
James Thomas Flexner ( January 13 , 1908 -- February 13 , 2003 ) was an American historian and biographer best known for the four - volume biography of George Washington that earned him a National Book Award in Biography and a special Pulitzer Prize .
Henk Zanoli ( 21 April 1923 ) is a retired lawyer and former member of the Dutch resistance during World War II , who was awarded the honorific title Righteous Among the Nations , but returned his medal after an Israeli air strike killed six of his family members .
Distinguished Flying Cross Lt . Alfred William Saunders .
Oleg Borisov was designated People 's Artist of the USSR ( 1978 ) and received the USSR State Prize ( 1978 ) for his stage works .
Sister Deirdre Jordan became a Member of the Order of the British Empire ( MBE ) on 1 January 1969 for services to education , and was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia ( AC ) on 26 January 1989 .
John B. Maberry ( December 17 , 1841 -- December 17 , 1922 ) was an American Civil War Medal of Honor recipient from Smyrna , Delaware , who served in the United States Army as a sergeant in Company F of 1st Delaware Infantry .
Janak Palta McGilligan , a recipient of Manav Seva Award , Sadbhavana Samman and Paryavaran Mitra Puraskar , was honoured by the Government of India in 2015 with Padma Shri , the fourth highest Indian civilian award .
Colonel Alfred Spencer Heathcote VC ( 29 March 1832 -- 21 February 1912 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross .
In 1994 Max Germaine received a Medal of the Order of Australia for promotion of the arts and artists .
In 2010 , Newark Athlete was chosen by the United States National Film Preservation Board for preservation in the Library of Congress ' National Film Registry .
Raymond Zussman ( July 23 , 1917 -- September 21 , 1944 ) was a second lieutenant in the United States Army and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in France during World War II .
Carleton Mabee ( December 24 , 1914 -- December 18 , 2014 ) was an American writer who won the 1944 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography for The American Leonardo :
Adriana Nikolova ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Адриана Николова ; born November 8 , 1988 in Stara Zagora ) is a Bulgarian chess Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
Monika Tsõganova ( born August 8 , 1969 , Kohtla - Järve ) is an Estonian chess Woman International Master ( 1991 ) .
Elena Sedina ( Russian : Елена Седина ; Ukrainian : Оле́на Се́діна , Olena Sedina ; born 1 June 1968 in Kiev ) is a Ukrainian - Italian chess player who holds the FIDE titles of International Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
Barbara Jaracz ( born 8 June 1977 ) , née Grabarska , is a Poland chess Woman Grandmaster ( 2007 ) .
Mon village à l'heure allemande is a novel by Jean - Louis Bory published in 1945 , which won the Prix Goncourt the same year .
Tulasi Munda is a noted social activist from Indian state of Orissa who was awarded Padma Shri in 2001 by Government of India .
By 1975 William Scotter was appointed as Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath ( KCB ) , and promoted to Vice Chief of the General Staff at the Ministry of Defence in Whitehall in the rank of Lieutenant General .
Kārlis Aperāts ( 4 March 1892 -- 16 July 1944 ) was a Standartenführer , ( full colonel ) in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
It was the highest rated network - TV concert special of 2003 and earned Cher the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety , Music , or Comedy Special .
Captain George Fiott Day VC CB ( 20 June 1820 -- 18 December 1876 ) was one of the earliest English recipients of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
In 1901 , Sven Aarrestad was decorated Knight , First class , and in 1908 Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav .
Edson Lobato is a Brazilian soil fertility scientist who received the 2006 World Food Prize for his role in helping transform the Cerrado into productive cropland .
Otto Chowanetz ( 24 October 1919 -- 17 March 1943 ) was a Feldwebel ( Staff Sergeant ) in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a posthumous recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Patrick H. McEnroe was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War .
World War II veteran Charles F. Marshall ( 1915 - October 2002 ) was raised by a German - speaking family in New Jersey , United States , and spoke German fluently .
Carlos Romero Giménez , sometimes misspelled Jiménez , ( Madrid , November 7 , 1890 - Mexico City , September 11 , 1978 ) was a Spanish soldier loyal to the Spanish Republic , and one of the most prominent figures in the Siege of Madrid during the Spanish Civil War .
USS Guard ( 1857 ) was a large steamship with powerful 8-inch rifled guns , acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Ebenezer Dumont ( November 23 , 1814 -- April 16 , 1871 ) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana , as well as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Richard D. Creighton ( 1924 - 1988 ) was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War , shooting down five enemy aircraft in the war .
Molly Pitcher was a nickname given to a woman said to have fought in the American Battle of Monmouth , who is generally believed to have been Mary Ludwig Hays .
The United States Army ship USAT Private John F. Thorson which served in the Pacific Ocean at the end of World War II was named in his honor .
Claude - Étienne Guyot , count of the Empire , ( 1768 - -1837 ) was a French general of the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars , noted for commanding cavalry .
Alexander Brydie Dyer ( January 10 , 1815 -- May 20 , 1874 ) was an American soldier in a variety of 19th century wars , serving most notably as a general and chief of ordnance for the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Charles Champion Gilbert ( March 1 , 1822 -- January 17 , 1903 ) was a United States Army officer during the Mexican - American War and the American Civil War .
Edwin Gray Lee ( May 27 , 1836 -- August 24 , 1870 ) was an American soldier from Virginia and a Confederate brigadier general during the American Civil War .
Leroy A. Mendonca was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War .
Frederick Hitch , VC ( 29 November 1856 -- 6 January 1913 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross for his actions at the Battle of Rorke 's Drift , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Ernst Hermann August Theodor Busse ( 15 December 1897 -- 21 October 1986 ) was a German officer during World War I and World War II .
Egypt Egyptian Army received a small number of ASU-57s in early 1960s ; they were used during Six Day War in 1967 .
Shortly after the beginning of World War I , Antoni Wysocki was recruited to the Prussian Army and fought in the Eastern Front .
Richard Seuss ( 28 August 1897 -- 26 September 1963 ) was an Oberleutnant zur See of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Alfred - Amédée Dodds ( 6 February 1842 - 18 July 1922 ) was a French General , commander of French forces in Sénégal from 1890 , commander of French forces in the second expeditionary force to suppress The Boxer Rebellion , and commander of French forces during the Second Franco - Dahomean War .
Bernhard Hamester ( 21 October 1913 -- 22 April 1945 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Luftwaffe during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Robert Johnson Henderson ( November 12 , 1822 -- February 3 , 1891 ) was a Confederate States Army colonel during the American Civil War ( Civil War ) .
Hannibal Day served as an officer in the regular army before and during the American Civil War , briefly commanding a brigade in the Army of the Potomac .
Thomas Carleton ( c. 1735 -- 2 February 1817 ) was a British army officer who was promoted to Colonel during the American Revolutionary War after relieving the siege of Quebec in 1776 .
Antonio de Oquendo ( San Sebastián , Guipúzcoa , October 1577 -- A Coruña , 7 June 1640 ) was a Spanish admiral ; in 1639 he was in command of the Spanish forces at the Battle of the Downs .
Herbert Schwender ( 22 December 1912 -- 22 September 1944 ) was a highly decorated oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Karl Fischer von Treuenfeld ( 31 March 1885 -- 7 June 1946 ) was a Gruppenführer ( Major General ) and Generalleutnant of the Waffen - SS during World War II and the commander of the VI SS Army Corps .
Oskar Wolkerstorfer ( 2 November 1919 -- 11 January 1971 ) was an Austrian soldier who served in the Waffen - SS during World War II reaching the rank of SS - Hauptsturmführer .
Gustav Dörr ( 5 October 1887 - 11 December 1928 ) was a German World War I fighter pilot credited with 35 victories .
Robert Reily ( 1820 -- May 2 , 1863 ) was a colonel of the 75th Ohio Infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Charles Mathieu Isidore Decaen ( 13 April 1769 -- 9 September 1832 ) , born in Caen , became a French general who served during the French Revolutionary Wars , as Governor General of Pondicherry and Isle de France ( now Mauritius ) and as commander of the Army of Catalonia during the Napoleonic Wars .
Henry S. Webster ( January 7 , 1846 -- July 2 , 1910 ) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy stationed aboard the USS Susquehanna ( 1850 ) during the American Civil War .
Jacob François Marulaz or Marola , born 6 November 1769 , died 10 June 1842 , joined the Army of the Kingdom of France as a cavalry trooper and rose to become a field officer during the French Revolutionary Wars .
John B. Frisbee ( January 7 , 1825 -- September 9 , 1903 ) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions at the Battle of Forts Jackson and St. Philip .
Ernst Florian Winter ( 16 December 1923 -- 16 April 2014 ) was an Austrian - American historian and political scientist , the first director of the Diplomatic Academy of Vienna after World War II , and chairman of the International Council of the Austrian Service Abroad .
Théophile Marie Brébant ( 24 May 1889 -- 20 February 1965 ) was a French Army officer during World War I and World War II . He ended his career in 1946 with the rank of Colonel .
Walter Lehweß - Litzmann ( 2 November 1916 -- 16 September 1986 ) was a Major in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Trần Văn Bảy was a Private First Class of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam and is one of only two South Vietnamese , and the only South Vietnamese Army member , to receive the Navy Cross for actions on February 19 , 1967 during the Vietnam War ( the other being Nguyễn Văn Kiệt ) .
Preah Vihear Protected Forest is a protected area located in the Dângrêk Range in northern Cambodia .
Dokri Taluka ( Sindhi : ڏوڪري تعلقو‎ ) is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Larkano is the capital .
Zaanse Schans ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈzaːnsə ˈsxɑns ) ) is a neighbourhood of Zaandam , near Zaandijk in the Netherlands .
Patiala is a city in southeastern Punjab , in northern India .
The Cross of Sorrow ( Finnish : Surunristi , Russian : Крест скорби , `` Krest skorbi '' ) is a memorial in Russia dedicated to the thousands of soldiers of both sides who perished in the Winter War of 1939 - -1940 when the Soviet Union attacked Finland .
Danseys Pass ( often incorrectly referred to as Dansey 's Pass or Dansey Pass ) ( el . 935 m. ) is a mountain pass located in the Kakanui Mountains , between Central Otago and North Otago , in the South Island of New Zealand .
Stockholm City Centre ( Stockholms innerstad , Innerstaden , Inre staden ) is the city centre of Stockholm in Sweden .
Ngororero District is a district ( akarere ) in Western Province , Rwanda .
Kübekháza is a settlement ( village ) in Csongrád county , in Hungary , with 1603 inhabitants and an area of 27.31 km² , directly near the Romanian - Serbian - Hungarian triple border point .
The Woomera Immigration Reception and Processing Centre ( IRPC ) was an Australian immigration detention facility near the village of Woomera in South Australia .
Kyzyl - Jar ( also Kyzyl - Dzhar , Kyrgyz : Кызыл-Жар , pronounced ( qɯzɯld͡ʒɑ́r ) , literally `` Red cliff '' ) is a village in Aksy District of Jalal - Abad Region in Kyrgyzstan .
Jahan Kuh ( Persian : جهانكوه‎ , also Romanized as Jahān Kūh ; also known as Jahān Kūb ) is a village in Darzab Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cape St. Francis ( Afrikaans : Kaap St Francis ) is a village in South Africa , situated on a headland in the Eastern Cape Province .
Height of the Rockies Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Canadian Rockies of south eastern British Columbia , Canada .
Rosia Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy , which is located approximately 13 km southwest of Siena ; 180 km northwest of Rome .
Krishnapura ( Tulu , Kannada : ಕೃಷ್ಣಾಪುರ ) is a village located 3 kilometres near Surathkal and comes under the authority of the Mangalore City Corporation , Karnataka , India .
Otrøy Church ( Norwegian : Otrøy kyrkje ; historical : Sør - Aukra Church ) is a parish church in Midsund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Margan - e Vasat ( Persian : مرگن وسط‎ , also Romanized as Margan - e Vasaţ ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Jonubi Rural District , Qarah Quyun District , Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fonds - Verrettes ( Haitian Creole : Fonvèrèt ) is a commune in the Croix - des - Bouquets Arrondissement , in the Ouest Department of Haiti .
The Clausthal University of Technology ( German : Technische Universität Clausthal , also referred to as TU Clausthal or TUC ) is an institute of technology ( Technische Universität ) in Clausthal - Zellerfeld , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Oddi at Rangárvellir was a center of learning in South Iceland during the Middle Ages .
Berlicum is a town in the Netherlands , in the province of North Brabant , located in the Meierij region near the city of ' s - Hertogenbosch and the river Aa .
Čabalovce ( Rusyn : Чабалївцї , Ukrainian : Чабалівці ) is a village and municipality in the Medzilaborce District in the Prešov Region of far north - eastern Slovakia .
Chah - e Amiq Taheri ( Persian : چاه عميق طاهري‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e ʿAmīq Ţāherī ; also known as Ābādī Ţāherābād ) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Canadian Renewable Fuels Association ( CRFA ) is a non - profit organization in Canada , created in 1984 .
Lusahovit ( Armenian : Լուսահովիտ ; formerly , Tsrviz and Tsrrvis ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Washdyke Lagoon is a brackish shallow coastal lagoon approximately 1 kilometre north of Timaru , South Canterbury , New Zealand .
Cormorant Channel Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located in the Pearse Islands , ( a small archipelago to the east of Cormorant Island and the Village of Alert Bay at the western end of Johnstone Strait .
Zaječar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зајечар pronounced ( zâjɛtʃar ) , Romanian : Zaicear ) is a city in the eastern part of Serbia .
Osa Dam ( Japanese : 大佐ダム ) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1981 .
Vistino ( Russian : Вистино , Ingrian : Viistina ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kingiseppsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located in the west portion of the Soikinsky Peninsula , on the coast of the Gulf of Finland .
Iskanwaya is a pre - Columbian sacred site , situated on a mountain ridge above the Llica River in Bolivia , 325 km north of La Paz .
Cà Berlone , also named Cà Berloni , is a small village ( curazia ) of San Marino .
Communauté Juive Libérale d'Île - de - France ( CJL ) is a Jewish community led by the Rabbi Pauline Bebe , the first ( and until 2007 the only ) woman rabbi in France .
Musular , Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar , Ankara Province , Turkey .
The Municipality of Črenšovci ( Slovene : Občina Črenšovci ) is a municipality in the Prekmurje region in northeastern Slovenia .
Pukaki Airport ( IATA : TWZ , ICAO : NZUK ) is a small airport in the Mackenzie District of the South Island of New Zealand .
Baraton is a village in Western Kenya , situated 50 km from the town of Eldoret .
Manacaud is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram , the capital of Kerala , India .
Gakići ( Cyrillic : Гакићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Binisang is a small village in about 15 km north of Ghazni , Afghanistan .
The Text Analysis Portal for Research ' ( commonly referred as TAPoR ) project is based at McMaster University , and consists of a network of six of the leading Humanities computing centres in Canada :
Hyvinkää ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈhyʋiŋkæː ) ; Swedish : Hyvinge ) is a town and municipality of Finland .
Treffen ( Slovene : Trebinje ) is a market town in the district of Villach - Land in Carinthia in south - central Austria .
Edilli ( also , Edillou , Edilu , Edullu , and Iteletsik ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Calanshio Sand Sea is a sand desert region located in the Libyan Desert , of the Kufra District in Cyrenaica , eastern Libya .
Jackowice ( jat͡skɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mộc Bài is an international border gate belonging to Tây Ninh Province , Vietnam .
Kampung Jelutong is a small village located about 12 km south of Kangar , Perlis , Malaysia .
Te Hopua a Rangi is one of the volcanoes in the Auckland Volcanic Field in Auckland , New Zealand , and is located in Onehunga .
Dhangora ( Dhangora : Nagbari : Kalihati : Tangail : Bangladesh ) is a village of Kalihati Upazila of Tangail District in the Division of Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Na Khaulom or Ban Na Khaulom is a village in Bolikhamsai Province , in western Laos .
Fort Albany Airport , ( IATA : YFA , ICAO : CYFA ) , is located adjacent to Fort Albany , Ontario , Canada .
Uqi Saywa ( Quechua uqi lead , lead - colored , saywa boundary stone , landmark , ) also spelled Oque Sayhua ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Ängsö Castle ( older spelling Engsö Castle ) is a castle in Sweden , located near Västerås .
Virginia Airport ( IATA : VIR , ICAO : FAVG ) is an airport serving Durban , the largest city in the province of KwaZulu - Natal in South Africa .
Yusufiyah ( Arabic : اليوسفية ; also transliterated as Yusafiyah , Youssifiyah or Yusifiyah , occasionally prefixed with Al- ) is a regional township in the country of Iraq , located in Baghdad Province .
Pambəyi ( along with , Pambahi , Pambagi , and Pombagi ) is a village that forms a part of the municipality of Osakücə , Azerbaijan .
Mahale Chiniha ( Persian : محله ی چینی ها ) is a Chinatown in the center of Gachsaran City , Iran and its most populous area .
Marjayoun ( Arabic : مرجعيون‎ ) , also Marj ' Ayoun , Marjuyun , or Marjeyoun - meaning `` meadow of springs '' ) is both a Lebanese town ( also known as Jdeideh / Jdeida / Jdeidet Marjeyoun ) and an administrative district , Marjeyoun District , in the Nabatieh Governorate in Southern Lebanon .
Nea Anchialos ( Greek : Νέα Αγχίαλος ) is a town and a former municipality in Magnesia , Thessaly , Greece .
Jaroszowa Wola ( jarɔˈʂɔva ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Theatercaféen is part of the Hotel Continental , in Oslo , Norway .
The National University of Food Technologies is a Ukrainian university located in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Atnsjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Sør - Fron in Oppland county and Stor - Elvdal in Hedmark county , Norway .
Błonia Park is a vast meadow with an area of 48 hectares directly adjacent to the historic centre of the city of Kraków , Poland .
Oskemen ( Kazakh : Өскемен/Öskemen ) or Ust - Kamenogorsk ( Russian : Усть-Каменого́рск ) is the administrative center of East Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan .
Dhatrigram is a census town under Kalna police station and subdivision in Barddhaman district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Wólka Kokosia ( ˈvulka kɔˈkɔɕa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Qaljehi ( Persian : قلجه اي‎ , also Romanized as Qaljeh’ī ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Stary Rzechów ( ˈstarɨ ˈʐɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ljig ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љиг ) is a town of 3,219 inhabitants in central Serbia .
Vok Beverages is a drink manufacturer in South Australia .
Shaqib al - Salam or Segev Shalom ( Arabic : شقيب السلام‎ , Hebrew : שֶׂגֶב שָׁלוֹם ) ( also Shqeb al - Salam ) is a Bedouin town and a local council in the South District of Israel , southeast of Beersheba .
Jankoviči ( pronounced ( janˈkɔːʋitʃi ) or ( janˈkoːʋitʃi ) ) is a settlement on the main road from Črnomelj to Adlešiči in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Vedrovo is a village in Sungurlare Municipality , in Burgas Province , in southeastern Bulgaria .
Herend is a small town in Hungary ( Europe ) , near the city of Veszprém .
The Silesian Insurgents ' Monument ( Polish : Pomnik Powstańców Śląskich ) in Katowice , southern Poland , is a monument to those who took part in the three Silesian Uprisings of 1919 , 1920 and 1921 , which aimed to make the region of Upper Silesia part of the newly independent Polish state .
In 2001 , the India census determined that Khairachatar had a population of 17,307 .
Lesterps ( L'Esterp in Limousin , an Occitan dialect ) is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France .
Maarn is a small village in the heart of the Utrechtse Heuvelrug , a protected nature reserve in the Netherlands .
Greifswald University Hospital ( German : Universitätsklinikum Greifswald ) in Greifswald , Germany is a teaching hospital for the University of Greifswald 's medical school .
Antisanti ( in Corsican Antisanti , pronounced ( ɑ̃ŋ.ti.ˈzɑ̃ːŋ.ti ) ) is a French commune in the Haute - Corse ( Upper Corsica ) department of France on the island of Corsica .
Te Awarua - o - Porirua Harbour , commonly known as Porirua Harbour , is a natural inlet in the south - western coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
The Riga Graduate School of Law ( RGSL ) ( Latvian : Rīgas Juridiskā augstskola ) in Riga ( Latvia ) is a private law school in the Baltic region offering Bachelor , Masters and Doctoral studies .
The Najran Valley Dam is an arch dam on Wadi Najran about 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) southwest of Najran in Najran Province of southwest Saudi Arabia .
Awarua Point is located on the southwestern coast of New Zealand 's South Island , at the northern end of Big Bay , 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Milford Sound , and 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) north of the mouth of the Hollyford River .
Rozłazinko ( rɔzwaˈʑinkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The 2005 Turkish Grand Prix was a Formula One race held on August 21 at Istanbul Park in Istanbul , Turkey .
Akgedik Dam is a dam in Muğla Province , Turkey , built in 1995 .
The Parque de España ( Park of Spain ) is an urban complex in Rosario , Argentina .
Nagyharsány ( Croatian : Aršanj ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary , near to the Croatian border .
Tyzenhaus Palace ( Lithuanian Tyzenhauzų rūmai ) is an 18th - century mansion located in the city of Vilnius , Lithuania .
Hazmburk ( German : Hasenburg ) is a mountain peak in the České Středohoří range found in the Czech Republic , near the town of Libochovice .
Dolní Dunajovice ( German : Unter - Tannowitz ) is a village in Břeclav District of the South Moravian Region in the Czech Republic .
Cerro Peró or Cerro Tres Kandú ( Perõ or Tres Kandu in the Guaraní language ) is a peak and the highest point of Paraguay , with an elevation of 842 metres ( 2,762 ft ) .
Aalestrup is a town in Vesthimmerland municipality with a population of 2,729 ( 1 January 2014 ) in Region Nordjylland in Denmark .
Lobito Airport ( Portuguese : Aeroporto do Lobito ) ( IATA : LLT , ICAO : FNLB ) is an airport located in Lobito , a town and municipality in the Benguela province in Angola .
Gostyń County ( Polish : powiat gostyński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
Podębie ( pɔˈdɛmbʲɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Grottes de Presque or Presque Caves are a group of caves in Saint - Médard - de - Presque , in the Lot department of France .
Korit ( Persian : كريت‎‎ , also Romanized as Korīt ; also known as Ebrāhīmābād - e Pā’īn and Korīt - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chemini is a town in northern Algeria , in the province of Béjaïa .
Agedrup is a village and northeastern suburb of Odense , Funen , Denmark .
Nakaza Island is a small island in the Solomon Islands , beloinging to Western Province .
Singalila National Park is a national park of India located on the Singalila Ridge at an altitude of more than 7000 feet above sea level , in the Darjeeling district of West Bengal .
Cibla parish ( Latvian : Ciblas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Cibla Municipality , Latvia .
Gosaikunda ( गोसाइकुन्ड ) , also spelled Gosainkunda and Gosain Kunda is an alpine freshwater oligotrophic lake in Nepal 's Langtang National Park , located at an altitude of 4,380 m ( 14,370 ft ) in the Rasuwa District with a surface of 13.8 ha ( 34 acres ) .
The Berlin State Library ( German : Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin ; colloquially Stabi ) is a universal library in Berlin , Germany and a property of the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation .
The Terdoppio is a river of Piedmont and Lombardy ( northern Italy ) .
Anovec ( pronounced ( ˈaːnɔʋəts ) ) is a settlement in the hills northeast of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Fahrenheit 88 is a shopping mall located in the Bukit Bintang shopping district of Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The Boggabilla railway line is a disused railway line in New South Wales , Australia .
Kizhekketheruvu is located about 34 kilometres ( 21 mi ) west of the Laccadive Sea in the southwest coast of India .
Mertim , an acronym for Mersin Ticaret Merkezi ( Mersin Trade Center ) is the tallest building in Mersin , Turkey .
The town is known for the major Ptolemaic temple , built between 237 BC and 57 BC , into the reign of Cleopatra VII . Of all the temple remains in Egypt , the Temple of Horus at Edfu is the most completely preserved .
Tanananifololahy or Tanonanifololahy is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
Shamsul Huda Stadium , also known as Jessore Stadium , is a cricket and football stadium located near municipality park in the Jessore city , Bangladesh .
Alto de l'Angliru ( alternative name : La Gamonal ) is a steep mountain road in Asturias , near La Vega - Riosa , in northern Spain .
Kushk - e Amir ol Momeyin ( Persian : كوشك اميرالموميئن‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Amīr ol Momeyīn ; also known as Kūshk ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Eindhoven University of Technology is a university of technology located in Eindhoven , Netherlands .
Tamerna Guedima ( also written Tamerna Kedima or just Kedima ) is a village in the commune of Sidi Amrane , in Djamaâ District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Christians in Kurichy are mainly Syrian Christians , and there is an Anglican Church of India near the Main Central Road .
Holnicote Bay is a bay in Oro Province , southeastern Papua New Guinea , at 8.5833333 ° S 148.3333333 ° E.
Unió Esportiva Santa Coloma , also known as UE Santa Coloma , is a football club from Andorra based in the village of Santa Coloma , Andorra la Vella .
Takht - e Rud ( Persian : تخت رود‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Rūd and Takht Rūd ; also known as Tahtarun , Taḩt - e Rūd , Taht Rood , and Taḩt Rūd ) is a village in Surmaq Rural District , in the Central District of Abadeh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Willkamayu ( Quechua , hispanicized spelling Huyllcamayo ) is a river in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region , Victor Fajardo Province , Huancapi District .
The Münster Marathon is an annual marathon road running event which takes place in September in the city of Münster , Germany .
Kodrąbek ( kɔˈdrɔmbɛk ) ( German : Neu Kodram ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Karara and Lochada Important Bird Area is a 2404 km2 tract of land in the Mid West region of Western Australia , about 30 km east of the town of Morawa and 320 km north - east of Perth .
The Edmonton Folk Music Festival is an annual four - day outdoor music event held the second weekend of August in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , established in 1980 by Don Whalen .
Svinevoll is a small village in the local area of Våle in Vestfold , Norway .
Thị Nại Port ( Vietnamese : Cảng Thị Nại ) is the second largest port in Bình Định Province , Vietnam .
Bernard Mizeki College is an independent boarding school for boys situated in Marondera , Zimbabwe approximately 87 km east of the capital Harare and or 13.5 km north east of Marondera town .
Busoga University ( BU ) , is a private university in Uganda , affiliated with Busoga Diocese of the Church of Uganda .
Sieniawa ( ɕeˈɲava ) , is a town in southeastern Poland .
Bad Salzig is a small town in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , on the west bank of the Rhine .
Koynare ( Bulgarian : Койнаре , also transliterated as Kojnare or Koinare ) is a town in northern Bulgaria , part of Cherven Bryag Municipality , Pleven Province .
The Skway First Nation , ( officially Shxwhá : y Village ) , is a band government of the Stó : lō people living in the Fraser Valley of British Columbia , Canada near the city of Chilliwack .
Chaukul Village is located in India , and it is situated at 2 hours distance from Sawantwadi .
Shekong is a small village near Gudai , in the Astore District of Pakistan .
Mazraeh - ye Baneh ( Persian : مزرعه بانه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bāneh ) is a village in Hana Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Subulussalam is a city ( ( Indonesian ) Kota ) in Aceh province of Indonesia .
Charlottenburg Palace ( German : Schloss Charlottenburg ) is the largest palace in Berlin , Germany .
Slovak University of Agriculture in Nitra is a public university in Nitra , Slovakia .
Obla Gorica ( pronounced ( ˈoːbla ɡɔˈɾiːtsa ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Sava Hills ( Slovene : Posavsko hribovje ) southeast of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
The Punkva Caves ( Czech : Punkevní jeskyně ) , are a cave system of the Czech Republic located north of the city of Brno , near the town of Blansko .
Sangni Fort also known as Sangani Killa is a fort of Sikh Period in the village Takal in Tehsil Kallar Syedan , district Rawalpindi in Punjab , Pakistan .
Barbastro ( Latin : Barbastrum or Civitas Barbastrensis , Aragonese : Balbastro ) is a city in the Somontano county , province of Huesca , Spain .
Betio is the largest township of Kiribati 's capital city , South Tarawa , and the country 's main port .
The Brennisteinsalda is a volcano in the south of Iceland .
Črmlja ( pronounced ( ˈtʃəːɾmlja ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trnovska Vas in northeastern Slovenia .
The İstanbul Toy Museum ( Turkish : İstanbul Oyuncak Müzesi ) is a toy museum located in the Göztepe neighbourhood of Kadıköy district of İstanbul , Turkey .
UWA Publishing , formerly known as the University of Western Australia Press , is a Western Australian publisher established in 1935 .
Jowharestan ( Persian : جوهرستان‎ , also Romanized as Jowharestān ; also known as Jowharestan - e Pā’īn , Jowharestān - e Pā’īn , Jowharestān - e Soflá , and Jowharestān - e Soflī ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , Garkan - e Jonubi District , Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Sands of Beirut were a series of archaeological sites located on the coastline south of Beirut in Lebanon .
Nang Phaya ( Thai : นางพญา ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Tha Pla District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Beni Airport ( IATA : BNC , ICAO : FZNP ) is an airport serving the city of Beni in Nord - Kivu Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Paraíba Valley ( Portuguese : Vale do Paraíba ) is a region in the eastern part of the state of São Paulo and the western part of the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
The Babahoyo River is a river in western Ecuador , fed by tributaries rising in the Andes Mountains .
Birkende is a town with a population of 555 ( 1 January 2014 ) located in the Kerteminde municipality , on the island of Funen in central Denmark .
Dorra is a village in Djibouti in the mid - north of Tadjoura Region , the largest region .
The Macleay Argus is an English language newspaper published three times a week in Kempsey , New South Wales , Australia .
Mielec ( ˈmʲɛlɛt͡s ) ( Yiddish : מעליץ - Melitz‎ ) is a city in south - eastern Poland ( Lesser Poland ) , with a population of 60,979 inhabitants , as of June 2009 .
Ojarud - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اجارودغربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mežmuiža Manor , also called Augstkalne Manor , is a Neo - Gothic style manor house in the historical region of Zemgale , in Latvia .
Valdeobispo is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres , in the autonomous community of Extremadura , Spain .
The 1980 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIII Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les XIIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) , was a multi - sport event which was celebrated from February 14 , through February 24 , 1980 in Lake Placid , New York , United States of America .
Kunduz ( /kʊnduːz/ Pashto : کندز‎ ; Persian : قندوز‎‎ ) is a city in northern Afghanistan , which serves as the capital of Kunduz Province .
The BELvue Museum in Brussels , Belgium , is a museum about the national history of Belgium .
Kianda School is a private , all - girls day school with a Catholic ethos located in the Westlands area of Nairobi , Kenya .
Chrostowo Wielkie ( xrɔsˈtɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Beienrode - im - Gartetal is a village in the municipality ( Gemeinde ) Gleichen in the district Göttingen , Germany .
Església de Sant Esteve de Bixessarri is a church located in Bixessarri , Sant Julià de Lòria Parish , Andorra .
The Lau Islands ( also called the Lau Group , the Eastern Group , the Eastern Archipelago ) of Fiji are situated in the southern Pacific Ocean , just east of the Koro Sea .
Kolengeh ( Persian : كلنگه‎ ) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District , Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Barrier Daily Truth ( BDT ) is the local newspaper for the mining town of Broken Hill in Australia .
Mowtowr - e Gholam Ali Deh - e Qani ( Persian : موتورغلامعلي دهقاني‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Gholām ʿAlī Deh - e Qānī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Avoca Resources Limited ( AVO ) was an Australian gold mining company , based in Perth , Western Australia .
The Diocese of Haderslev ( Danish : Haderslev Stift ) is a diocese of the Church of Denmark , established in 1922 .
MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad ( MIDF Investment ) , MIDF 's newly formed investment bank , is an integration of four companies within MIDF 's investment banking division , namely Amanah Short Deposits Berhad , Malaysia Discounts Berhad , MIDF Sisma Securities Sdn .
Sjælør station is an railway station on the Køge radial of the S - train network in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Gokdalsan is a mountain in the county of Gapyeong County in Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Jeziory Dolne ( jɛˈʑɔrɨ ˈdɔlnɛ ) ( German : Nieder Jeser ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody , within Żary County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Urkabustaiz ( Spanish : Urcabustaiz ) is a municipality located in the province of Araba ( Álava ) , in the Basque Country , northern Spain .
Naenae College is a state coeducational secondary school located in north - central Lower Hutt , New Zealand .
Kollegala is one of the major taluks in the Chamrajnagar District of Karnataka State in the south of India .
The Saigon Trade Center is a high - rise building in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .
The Baumwollspinnerei Hammerstein was a cotton mill which had accompanying weaving sheds , located in the area now known as Wuppertal , Germany .
Lugo ( Galician pronunciation : ( ˈluɣo ) ) is a city in northwestern Spain in the autonomous community of Galicia .
The Ieropotamos ( Greek : Γεροπόταμος or Ιερός Ποταμός ) is a watercourse in southern Crete in Greece .
The Saint Arnaud Range is a mountain range in the central north of New Zealand 's South Island .
The Hochwilde or Hohe Wilde ( Italian : Altissima ) is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol , Austria , and South Tyrol , Italy .
Hestøy Bridge ( Norwegian : Hestøybrua ) is a cantilever bridge in the southern part of the municipality of Nærøy in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Tirana Times is a weekly newspaper published in English and is headquartered in Tirana , Albania .
Mickten is a quarter ( Stadtteil ) of the city of Dresden , eastern Germany .
Fuilla ( Catalan : Fullà ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Trelowth ( also Trelowith , or Trelowthe , or Trelowthes ; meaning , `` the town place of trees '' ) is a hamlet in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Sjisjka , ( Swedish ) also spelt Sjiska or Šišká ( North Sami ) , is a locality in Kiruna Municipality , Sweden .
Vistonida ( Greek : Βιστωνίδα ) is a former municipality in the Xanthi regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Kandlagunta is a village in the Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh , India ..
Mount Ortobene ( Orthobene in the local dialect ) is a mountain in the province of Nuoro , in central Sardinia , Italy , close to the town of Nuoro .
Wolin Castle was a castle in the town Wolin on the island also named Wolin ( in Poland ) , owned by the dukes of Pomerania .
Tiree , along with Colonsay , enjoys a relatively high number of total hours of sunshine during the late spring and early summer compared to the average for the United Kingdom .
The village of Isallavi in the Orinoca District is the birthplace of Evo Morales , Bolivia 's President .
The New Carlisle railway station is a staffed Via Rail station on rue Vimy in the town of New Carlisle , Quebec , Canada which is temporarily closed .
Sveti Juraj na Bregu ( Hungarian : Víziszentgyörgy ) is a municipality in Međimurje County , Croatia .
The University of Mysore is a public state university in Mysore , Karnataka , India .
Changa Manga railway station ( Urdu : چھانگا مانگا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Changa Manga town , Kasur district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Leosia ( lɛˈɔɕa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Cassis ( French pronunciation : ​(kasi ) ; Occitan : Cassís ) is a commune situated east of Marseille in the department of Bouches - du - Rhône in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
The Academy of Media Arts Cologne is a teaching and research institution for audio - visual media in Cologne , Germany .
Wohyń ( ˈvɔxɨɲ ) is a village in Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Jarchi ( Persian : مزرعه جارچي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Jārchī ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Ribeira do Paul is a stream that flows in the northeastern part of the island of Santo Antão in Cape Verde .
Alto Gállego ( Aragonese : Alto Galligo ) is a comarca located in the north of the autonomous community of Aragón , Spain .
CFF Olimpia Cluj is a women 's football team from Cluj - Napoca in Romania .
The Modrow government refers to the final socialist government of the German Democratic Republic ( GDR ) , which was led by Socialist Unity Party ( SED ) official Hans Modrow from November 1989 until East Germany 's first democratically - elected government took power on 18 March 1990 .
Helsinki Court House ( Finnish : Helsingin oikeustalo ) is situated on Salmisaari in Helsinki , Finland .
Wellington Regional Stadium ( known as Westpac Stadium through naming rights ) is a major sporting venue in Wellington , New Zealand .
The Vardø Tunnel ( Norwegian : Vardøtunnelen ) is a subsea road tunnel in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Himalayan Mountaineering Institute ( HMI darjelling ) was established in Darjeeling , India on November 4 , 1954 to encourage mountaineering as an organized sport in India .
Concordia Lutheran College is an independent , co - educational , day and boarding school of the Lutheran Church of Australia , located in Toowoomba on the Darling Downs of Queensland , Australia .
Karksi - Nuia is a town in Viljandi County , southern Estonia close to the Latvian border , it is the administrative centre of Karksi Parish .
Mikri Mantineia ( Greek : Μικρή Μαντίνεια ) is a seaside village in the municipality of Kalamata , Messenia , Greece .
The New Karolinska Solna University Hospital ( NKS ) ( Swedish : Nya Karolinska Solna ) , is the new university hospital to be built in Stockholm , Sweden , replacing the present Karolinska University Hospital .
Kalosha is a village in South Waziristan , Pakistan , near the border with Afghanistan .
Koyonzo is a settlement in Kenya 's Western Province , Kakamega county .
Vallfogona de Ripollès ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌbaʎfuˈɣonə ) ) is a village in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Al Souk Al Kabir ( Arabic : السوق الكبير‎ ) , also referred to as Souk Al Kabir or Meena Bazaar , is a community in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Cueva de las Manos ( Spanish for Cave of Hands ) is a cave or a series of caves located in the province of Santa Cruz , Argentina , 163 km ( 101 mi ) south of the town of Perito Moreno .
Kemise ( also known as Kascim ) is a town and separate woreda in north - eastern Ethiopia .
The Las Palmas Complex is an archaeological pattern recognized primarily on the basis of mortuary customs in the Cape region of Baja California Sur , Mexico .
Quíbor is a city in the state of Lara , Venezuela .
Wiener AF or WAF was a football club which played in Austria .
Plougourvest ( Breton : Gwikourvest ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Möckern - Loburg - Fläming ( until July 2007 : `` Möckern - Fläming '' ) is a former Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the Jerichower Land district , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Max Planck Research Unit for Enzymology of Protein Folding is located in Halle ( Saale ) , Germany .
As of 2011 India census , Machhrauli , Jhajjar had a population of 4453 in 796 households .
Moi International Airport ( IATA : MBA , ICAO : HKMO ) , is the international airport of Mombasa , the second - biggest city in Kenya .
The Museums & Galleries Yearbook ( aka Museums Yearbook ) is produced annually by the Museums Association in the United Kingdom .
The King George V Memorial Hospital for Mothers and Babies is a former hospital , exclusively for mothers and babies , in Sydney , Australia .
As of 2001 India census , The Tulsipur city is divided into 15 wards for which elections are held every 5 years .
The Sekondi Takoradi Metropolitan Assembly is one of the eighteen ( 18 ) districts of Ghana in the Western Region of Ghana .
Aya Muqu ( Quechua aya corpse , muqu hill , `` corpse hill '' , also spelled Aya Moqo ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Holy Week in Cuenca ( Semana Santa de Cuenca ) is the most important religious event of Cuenca , Spain .
Tövkhön Monastery ( Mongolian : Төвхөн хийд ) is one of Mongolia 's oldest Buddhist monasteries and located on the border of Övörkhangai Province and Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia .
Tiémé is a town in northwestern Ivory Coast .
Etchmiadzin Cathedral ( Armenian : Էջմիածնի Մայր տաճար , Ēǰmiatsni Mayr tačar ) is the mother church of the Armenian Apostolic Church , located in the city of Vagharshapat ( Etchmiadzin ) , Armenia .
Čakovec Castle or Zrinski Castle ( Croatian : Čakovečka utvrda or Stari grad Zrinskih ) is a castle in Čakovec , northern Croatia .
Kanpetlet Township ( Burmese : ကန်ပက်လက်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Mindat District in the Chin State of Myanmar .
Valladolid Airport ( IATA : VLL , ICAO : LEVD ) is an airport situated in the municipality of Villanubla , ten kilometres northwest of Valladolid , Spain .
Santo Domingo del Estado is a town and municipal agency inhabited by trique Indians in the municipality of Putla Villa de Guerrero , Oaxaca , Mexico .
Moree Plains Shire is a local government area in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales , Australia .
Museo Histórico y Antropológico Maurice van de Maele or ( Spanish for Historical and Anthropologic Museum Maurice van de Maele ) is an anthropology and history museum in Valdivia run by Universidad Austral de Chile .
The Sanctuary of the Blessed Virgin of the Holy Rosary is a minor basilica in Fontanellato , Province of Parma , northern Italy ;
Nong Pling Bridge is a one - span railway bridge in Thailand .
Haigerloch is a town in the north - western part of the Swabian Alb in Germany .
Kafr Zita ( Arabic : كفر زيتا‎ , also spelled Kfar Zita , Kafr Zayta , Kfar Zeita , Keferzita or Kafr Zeita ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located 30 kilometers north of Hama .
Potočanje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Поточање ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .
Bidrubeh - ye Olya ( Persian : بیدروبه علیا‎ , also Romanized as Bīdrūbeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 228 , in 39 families .
Sirig ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сириг ) is a village located in the Temerin municipality , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
The Issaouane Erg ( also called Issaouane - N - Irrararene ) is an approximately 38,000 km2 erg ( sand sea ) in Algeria 's portion of the Sahara desert , located at 27.83 ° N 7.23 ° E.
Phnom Kulen , also romanized as ( Phnom Koulen , Phnum Kulén or Koulen Mountain ) ( Khmer : ភ្នំគូលេន , meaning `` Mountain of Lychees '' ) is a mountain range in Siem Reap Province , Cambodia .
Choughalpura is a small town about 8 km from the heart of Peshawar , the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , a province in North - West Pakistan .
Bar Kuiyeh ( Persian : بركوييه‎ , also Romanized as Bar Kū’īyeh ) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Brajnovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Брајновац ) is a village in Central Serbia ( Šumadija ) , in the municipality of Rekovac ( Region of Levač ) , lying at 43 ° 46′49``N 21 ° 07′45''E , at the elevation of 270 m. According to the 2002 census , the village had 221 citizens .
Doi Luang National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติดอยหลวง ) is one of the biggest national parks in Northern Thailand .
The Milli Piyango Curling Arena , is an indoor curling rink in Erzurum , Turkey .
Bozhughar ( Persian : بژوغر‎ , also Romanized as Bozhūghar ; also known as Bozhdāghar and Bozdeghar ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wandynowo ( vandɨˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Chembra is a village situated in Naluthara pocket in Mahé district of Puducherry , India .
The 2008 Turkish Grand Prix ( formally the IV Petrol Ofisi Turkish Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race held on May 11 , 2008 at the Istanbul Racing Circuit , Istanbul , Turkey .
Pizzo Tambo ( ˈpittso ˈtambo ) or Tambohorn ( Swiss names ) or Pizzo Tambò ( ˈpittso tamˈbɔ ) ( used in Italy ) is a mountain located at the eastern extremity of the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss - Italian border .
Boulemane ( Amazigh : Bulman , ⴱⵓⵍⵎⴰⵏ ; Arabic : بولمان‎ ) is a town in northern Morocco , in the Atlas Mountains .
Green Town is a residential area of Lahore , Pakistan .
Gościmowice Drugie - Powęziny ( ɡɔɕt͡ɕimɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ pɔvɛ̃ˈʑinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mære is a village in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Asilah ( Arabic : أصيلة،‎ ; `` authentic '' , Portuguese : Arzila , Spanish : Arcila ) is a fortified town on the northwest tip of the Atlantic coast of Morocco , about 31 km south of Tangier .
The Baregg Tunnel is a motorway tunnel near the city of Baden in Swiss canton of Aargau , which forms part of the A1 motorway between western Switzerland and Zürich .
Horseed is a district of Marka , a city in the Shabelle Hoose region in southern Somalia .
Rakwana , is a small town in the Ratnapura District , Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka , a notable centre of Ceylon tea plantations and industry .
Hohenwart Abbey ( Kloster Hohenwart ) was a nunnery of the Benedictine Order located at Hohenwart in Bavaria in Germany .
Royal Manitoba Theatre Centre ( MTC ) is Canada 's oldest English - language regional theatre .
Beh Deh ( Persian : بهده‎ ) is a village in Mehregan Rural District , in the Central District of Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Podavrelo ( Cyrillic : Подаврело ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Néma Airport ( IATA : EMN , ICAO : GQNI ) is an airport serving Néma , a city in the Hodh Ech Chargui region of southeastern Mauritania .
The Middle East Centre for Arab Studies ( MECAS ) was an Arabic language college created by the British Army during World War II in Jerusalem , and relocated afterwards as a civilian institution to Lebanon near Beirut where it functioned between 1947 - 1978 .
Rowbotham Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island , Canada , north of Englishman River and east of Mount Arrowsmith .
Saburovsky Rail Bridges ( Russian : Cабуровские железнодорожные мосты ) are two adjacent steel bridges that span Moskva River in southern Moskvorechye - Saburovo District of Moscow , Russia .
The Dry Dock Hotel is the oldest licensed pub in the suburb of Balmain in the Inner West of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Sherwana Castle , also known as Shirwanah Castle , is located in Kalar , Kurdistan , Iraq .
Asiab - e Saran ( Persian : اسيابسران‎ , also Romanized as Āsīāb - e Sarān ) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Demir Kapija ( Macedonian : Демир Капија ( ˌdɛmir ˈkapija ) ) is a town in the Republic of Macedonia , located near the ominous limestone gates of the same name .
The Sultan Qaboos University Library is the legal deposit and copyright library for Oman .
Szarbia ( ˈʂarbja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Wuxue ( Chinese : 武穴 ; pinyin : Wǔxué ) , formerly Guangji County ( 广济县 ) , is a county - level city on the north shore of the Yangtze River in eastern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Lahuen Ñadi Natural Monument is a 2 km2 ( 0.77 sq mi ) protected ñadi area in Los Lagos Region of southern Chile .
Mazraeh - ye Soleymani ( Persian : مزرعه سليماني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Soleymānī ) is a village in Sistan Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Boatswain Bay Migratory Bird Sanctuary ( variant : Baie Boatswain Migratory Bird Sanctuary ) is a migratory bird sanctuary that extends between Nunavut and Quebec , Canada .
Sabroom is located in the banks of the river Feni , which separates India and Bangladesh .
Strečno is a village and municipality in the Žilina District in the Žilina Region in North Slovakia .
Lesichovo ( Bulgarian : Лесичово ) is a village in the Pazardzhik Province , Bulgaria .
Trepell Airport ( IATA : TQP , ICAO : YTEE ) is located at Trepell , Queensland , Australia .
Chełm Śląski ( ˈxɛu̯m ˈɕlɔ̃ski ) is a village in Bieruń - Lędziny County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Sergan ( Persian : سرگان‎ , also Romanized as Sergān ; also known as Sīrgān and Sīrkān ) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Dollar Lake Provincial Park is a seasonal Provincial Park located in the Musquodoboit Valley area of the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia , Canada in the community of Wyses Corner , Nova Scotia , 22 kilometres from the Halifax International Airport , on the Old Guysborough Road ( Route 212 ) .
Me'ona ( Hebrew : מְעוֹנָה ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Harif ( Persian : هريف‎ , also Romanized as Ḩarīf ) is a village in Rudbar - e Mohammad - e Zamani Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kartij Kola ( Persian : كارتيج كلا‎ , also Romanized as Kārtīj Kolā and Kartīj Kolā ) is a village in Talarpey Rural District , in the Central District of Simorgh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chak Bakhtawar ( Urdu : چک بختاور‎ ) , formerly known as Loharian ( Urdu : لوہاریاں‎ ) is a village in Gujrat District , Punjab province , Pakistan .
National Sun Yat - sen University ( NSYSU ; Chinese : 國立中山大學 ) is a public research university located in Sizihwan , Gushan District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Derek Walcott Square ( formerly Columbus Square ) is a public square and park located in central Castries , Saint Lucia .
La Zaïroise ( French ; `` The song ( La cancion ) of Zaire '' ) was the national anthem of Zaire from 1971 to 1997 .
The Second Faymann government is the incumbent Government of Austria , and took office on 16 December 2013 .
Villa de Ramos is a municipio or municipality to the northwest of San Luis Potosi , Mexico
The Musée des Beaux - Arts de Nice in Nice , France at 33 av . des Baumettes was built in the former private mansion built in 1878 by the Ukrainian Princess , Elisabeth Vassilievna Kotschoubey .
The Cirque de Gavarnie is a cirque in the central Pyrenees , in south - western France .
Britannia Airways was the largest charter airline in the United Kingdom .
Strindvatnet ( Lule Sami : Tjoalmejávrre ) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Çöhranlı ( also , Cheyrany and Chovranly ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Art Gallery of Ballarat is the oldest and largest regional art gallery in Australia .
The Nu Boyana Film studios and the Big Brother Bulgaria house are also located in Boyana .
Aleksander Gieysztor Academy of Humanities also known as Pułtusk Academy of Humanities in Pułtusk , Poland , ( Polish : Akademia Humanistyczna i m . A. Gieysztora , or Wyższa Szkoła Humanistyczna i m . Aleksandra Gieysztora w Pułtusku ) was established by the Ministry of National Education of the Republic of Poland on 14 July 1994 .
Fojhar ( Serbian : Фојхар ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Erfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities Suldal and Hjelmeland in Rogaland county , Norway .
The Pula Arena is the name of the amphitheatre located in Pula , Croatia .
The Sudbury Theatre Centre is a professional theatre company , located in Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
The Sagan River is a seasonal river in southern Ethiopia .
Ramas is a village in Bayad Taluka in Aravalli district of Gujarat state , India .
Trsat ( Italian : Tersatto , Latin : Tarsatica ) is part of the city of Rijeka , Croatia .
Bor u Skutče is small village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic , next to the village Proseč .
Trexenta is a traditional subregion of Sardinia , Italy , located in the northern part of the province of Cagliari .
Orehovski Vrh ( pronounced ( ɔˈɾeːxɔu̯ski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
The Party of New Liberals ( Greek : Κόμμα των Νεοφιλελευθέρων ) was a shortly lived liberal political party in Greece .
Jeo - dong is a legal dong , or neighbourhood of the Jung - gu district in Seoul , South Korea and governed by its administrative dong , Myeong - dong and Euljiro 3 , 4 , 5ga - dong .
Novo Mesto ( pronounced ( ˈnɔːʋɔ ˈmeːstɔ ) ; Slovene : Novo mesto ; also known by other alternative names ) is the city on a bend of the Krka River in the City Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Sargaruk ( Persian : سرگروك‎ , also Romanized as Sargarūk ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Meses Thermes ( Greek : Μέσες Θερμές ) is a village in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
Old Eidfjord Church ( Norwegian : Eidfjord gamle kyrkje ) is a parish church in Eidfjord municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Mahargan Brick Company ( Persian : كوره اجرمهرگان مكان مستقل‎ -- Kūreh Ajor Mahargān Makān Mosotqol ) is a villageand company town in Zarrineh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Maintinandry ( vatʷˈmanɖʐʲ ) is a small village and commune in the Vatomandry District , Atsinanana Region , Madagascar .
Nyamuragira ( Derived from the Kinyarwanda verb ' Kuragira inka ' , meaning to herd cows ; Inka means cow or cows ) is an active volcano in the Virunga Mountains of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , situated about 25 km north of Lake Kivu .
Suodenniemi is a former municipality of southwestern Finland .
Kornstadfjorden or Kornstadfjord is a fjord that runs between Averøy Municipality and Eide Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The church tower of Oud - Leusden is one of the oldest , perhaps the oldest , in the Netherlands .
Hesar - e Qajar ( Persian : حصارقاجار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Qājār and Ḩeşār Qājār ; also known as Kadzhar and Qājar ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Angosht ( Persian : انگشت‎ ; also known as Angosht Now ) is a village in Zeynabad Rural District , Shal District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Wierzno Wielkie ( ˈvjɛʐnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frombork , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Myanmar Armed Forces , officially known as Tatmadaw ( Burmese : တပ်မတော် ; MLCTS : tap ma . taw , IPA : ( taʔmədɔ̀ ) ) , is the military organisation of Myanmar ( Burma ) .
The 1970 Ancash earthquake ( also known as the Great Peruvian earthquake ) occurred on 31 May off the coast of Peru in the Pacific Ocean at 15:23:29 local time .
Keralapuram is a small suburban town in Quilon District of Kerala , India .
Panti Usu ( Aymara panti a type of flower , usu illness , hispanicized spelling Pantiuso ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 5,500 metres ( 18,045 ft ) high .
Hotel Premier is a small hotel in the heart of Izmail , Ukraine .
Île Aganton is an island on the north coast of Brittany ( France ) , adjacent to Île - Grande which is to the east .
Kyangin ( Burmese : ကြံခင်းမြို့ ) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south - west Myanmar .
Strehla ( Polish : Strzelin , Upper Sorbian : Strjela ) is a small town in the district of Meißen , Saxony , Germany .
The Črni Kal Viaduct ( Slovene : Viadukt Črni Kal ) is the longest and the highest viaduct in Slovenia .
Połęcze ( pɔˈwɛnt͡ʂɛ ) ( German : Polenzhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Long Biên District is an urban district ( quận ) of Hanoi , the capital of Vietnam .
The Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office , London ( Traditional Chinese : 香港駐倫敦經濟貿易辦事處 ) is Hong Kong 's representation in the United Kingdom .
Morče ( Serbian Cyrillic : Морче ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Val d'Hérens is an alpine valley in the Valais canton of Switzerland .
Kuchek Dig Seyyed ( Persian : كوچك ديگ سيد‎ , also Romanized as Kūchek Dīg Seyyed ; also known as Kūchek Dīgī Seyyed , Kūchek Rīgī Seyyed , and Kūchek Seyyed ) is a village in Bagheli - ye Marama Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Soltaniyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سلطانيه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Soltaniyeh District , Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Patok is a municipality in the former Fushë - Kuqe Commune , Lezhë County , northwestern Albania .
Wyryki ( vɨˈrɨki ) is a village in Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Vretsia ( Turkish : Vretça , Greek : Βρέτσια ) is an abandoned Turkish Cypriot village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) east of Koilineia .
Noccundra is a township within the locality of Nockatunga in the Shire of Bulloo in South West Queensland , Australia .
Aghmiyun ( Persian : اغميون‎ , also Romanized as Āghmīyūn , Āghmeyūn , Aghmeyūn , Āghmīūn , and Āgh Mīyūn ) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Arhansus ( Basque : Arhantsusi ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Shamariyeh ( Persian : شمريه‎ , also Romanized as Shamarīyeh , Shemiriyeh , and Shomeyrīyeh ; also known as Tall Asvad - e Yek ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Letaba Ranch Provincial Park , is a protected area in Limpopo Province , South Africa .
National Nanke International Experimental High School ( NNKIEH ; Chinese : 國立南科國際實驗高級中學 ; pinyin : Guólì Nánkē Huójì Shíyàn Gāojí Zhōngxué ) , situated in the Southern Taiwan Science Park ( STSP ) , is a public , co - educational school serving Grades 1 -12 .
Lutverci ( pronounced ( ˈluːtʋɛɾtsi ) ) is a village on the right bank of the Mura River in the Apače in northeastern Slovenia .
The Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( Greek : Πανελλήνιο Σοσιαλιστικό Κίνημα , IPA : ( paneˈlinio sosjalistiˈko ˈcinima ) ) , known mostly by its acronym PASOK ( Greek : ΠΑΣΟΚ , pronounced ( paˈsok ) ) , is a social - democratic political party in Greece and one of country 's major electoral forces between 1977 and 2012 elections .
Silesian Ostrava Castle is a castle in Ostrava , in the northeastern Czech Republic .
Mali Kum ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ˈkuːm ) ; German : Kleinkum ) is a small village on the southern slopes of Mount Kum in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
King George Sound is the name of a sound on the south coast of Western Australia .
The Dehnenkopf in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a summit about 775 m above sea level ( NN ) near Torfhaus in the unincorporated area of Harz in the county of Goslar in Lower Saxony .
Montarrón is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara , Castile - La Mancha , Spain , with a population of 44 at the 2004 INE census .
Wonck Airport ( ICAO : EBBW ) was a public use airport located near Bassenge , Liège , Belgium .
Buikwe , sometimes spelled Buyikwe , is a town in Buikwe District , Uganda .
The Minato Bridge is a double - deck cantilever truss bridge in Osaka , Japan ; upper deck is for Hanshin Expressway Route 16 Osakako Line , and lower deck is Route 5 Bayshore Line .
Shire Airport , also known as Indaselassie Airport , ( IATA : SHC , ICAO : N / A ) is an airport in Shire , Ethiopia .
Emery Point Light is an active lighthouse located at Larrakeyah Barracks , the main base for the Australian Defence Force in Northern Territory , Australia , at the entrance to Port Darwin .
The Flemington Racecourse railway line is a suburban electric railway line in Melbourne , Australia .
The Cantanhez Forests National Park ( in portuguese : Parque Nacional das Florestas de Cantanhez ) is a 1,057-square - kilometre ( 408 sq mi ) national park in Guinea - Bissau .
Business Park Sofia ( BPS ) is the largest office park in Southeastern Europe and the first of its kind in Bulgaria .
Star Ray TV is an independent pirate community television station in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Mošnje ( pronounced ( ˈmoːʃnjɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Cape St. Vincent ( Portuguese : Cabo de São Vicente , Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈkabu dɨ sɐ̃w̃ viˈsẽtɨ ) ) , next to the Sagres Point , on the so - called Costa Vicentina ( Vincentine Coast ) , is a headland in the municipality of Sagres , in the Algarve , southern Portugal .
The Canton of Tonnay - Boutonne is a former canton of the Charente - Maritime department in France .
MTG Hawke 's Bay Tai Ahuriri ( formerly Hawke 's Bay Museum & Art Gallery ) is a museum , theatre and art gallery in Napier in New Zealand .
Parung is a town in Indonesia that is located in the southwestern suburb of Jakarta but officially still within the area of the Regency of Bogor .
Mowtowr - e Morad Soltani ( Persian : موتور مراد سلطاني‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Morād Solṭānī ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Natzschung ( Czech : Načetínský potok ) is a river in Bohemia ( Czech Republic ) and Saxony ( Germany ) .
The Grand Hyatt Seoul is a 5-star luxury Hyatt hotel in Seoul , South Korea .
The Interamerican Open University ( in Spanish , Universidad Abierta Interamericana , UAI ) is a private university in Argentina .
According to The Imperial Gazetteer of India Tekkali in 1901 was a Zamindari tahsil in Ganjam district of Madras province .
Kusaj - e Olya ( Persian : كوسج عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kūsaj - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 400 , in 66 families .
United Overseas Bank Plaza ( UOB Plaza ) ( Chinese : 大华银行大厦 ) is a complex with twin tower late - modernist skyscrapers in the city of Singapore .
Tapuruquara Airport ( IATA : IRZ , ICAO : SWTP ) is the airport serving Santa Isabel do Rio Negro , Brazil .
Kollbrunn is a village within the municipality of Zell in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland .
Vahhabi ( Persian : وهابي‎ , also Romanized as Vahhābī ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lehliu Gară is a small town in the middle of the Bărăgan region in Romania , with a railway station and a national road linking the seaside Constanţa and the county capital , Călăraşi .
Belgrade Observatory is an astronomical observatory located in the eastern part of Belgrade , Serbia , in natural environment of Zvezdara forest .
Macheke located in the province of Mashonaland East , Zimbabwe , located about 105 km south - east of Harare on the main Harare - Mutare road .
Pontarlier Airport ( ICAO : LFSP ) is a municipal airport located near Pontarlier in the department of Doubs , region of Franche - Comté , France .
The Serpent 's Mouth or Columbus Channel is a strait lying between Icacos Point in southwest Trinidad and Tobago and the north coast of Venezuela .
Boti falls is a twin waterfall located at Boti in Manya Krobo in the Eastern Region of Ghana .
Bangkok Art and Culture Centre ( BACC ; Thai : หอศิลปวัฒนธรรมแห่งกรุงเทพมหานคร ) is a contemporary arts centre in Bangkok , Thailand .
Lahrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان لاهرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Meshgin - e Sharqi District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Nangli Poona is a small village located in the Narela tehsil of the North West Delhi district of NCT of Delhi , India .
Crucero is a village ( Spanish : aldea ) located between Bueno and Pilmaiquén River in Río Bueno commune , southern Chile .
Očevlje ( Serbian : Очевље ) is a village in the municipality of Breza , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vrontados ( Greek : Βροντάδος ) is a small coastal town located at the eastern part of the island of Chios in Greece .
The Taman Peninsula ( Russian : Таманский полуостров ) , a peninsula in the present - day Krasnodar Krai of Russia , borders on the north with the Sea of Azov , on the west with the Strait of Kerch and on the south with the Black Sea .
Kaive parish ( Latvian : Kaives pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Cēsis District , Latvia .
The Oaxaca Valley is a geographic region located within the modern - day State of Oaxaca in southern Mexico .
Piaski ( ˈpʲaskʲi ) , formerly Piaski Luterskie , is a town in Poland at the Giełczew river .
SX News is a weekly gay and lesbian newspaper based in Sydney , Australia .
Dmochy - Rętki ( ˈdmɔxɨ ˈrɛntki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Château du Kagenfels ( also known as Kaguenfels ou Kagenburg ) is a ruined castle situated in the Forest of Obernai , in the commune of Ottrott in the Bas - Rhin département of France .
Brezje pri Veliki Dolini ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈʋeːliki ˈdoːlini ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
The Institute of Atmospheric Physics AS CR , also designated as the IAP , is part of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic ( AS CR ) .
Passo Oscuro ( or Passoscuro ) is a small town and beach resort situated in the comune of Fiumicino in the Lazio region of Italy , west of Rome , at the Tyrrhenian Sea , 5 km north of Fregene .
Mirima National Park also commonly known as Hidden Valley National Park is a National Park in far northern Western Australia located at the eastern side of the Kimberley region .
St. Priapus Church was founded in Montreal , Quebec , by D. F. Cassidy and has found a following mainly among homosexual men in Canada and the United States .
Chojniczki - Wybudowanie ( xɔi̯ˈnit͡ʂki vɨbudɔˈvaɲe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Škofljica ( pronounced ( ˈʃkoːfljitsa ) ) is a settlement and a municipality in central Slovenia .
Naogaon K.D. Government High School ( Bengali : নওগাঁ কে.ডি. সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a public school in Naogaon , Bangladesh .
Baruchowo ( baruˈxɔvɔ ) ( German : Barchau ) is a village in Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kuželj ( pronounced ( ˈkuːʒɛl ) ; German : Kuschel ) is a small village on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Ajim Khan ( Urdu : اجم خان‎ ) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Peberholm ( Pepper Islet , Swedish : Pepparholm ) , is a small artificial island in the Danish part of the Øresund strait , created as part of the Øresund Bridge connecting Denmark with Sweden .
Analiontas ( Greek : Αναλιόντας ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located south of Pera Orinis .
The Belgian railway line 75 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Ghent with Kortrijk and the French border near Mouscron .
Bucheggberg District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated to the southwest of the canton .
Roskilde Gymnasium is a gymnasium ( upper secondary school ) in central Roskilde , Denmark .
The Kachhi ( Urdu : کچهی ‎ ) is a geographical region of Punjab , Pakistan .
The Aïn Barbar mine is a large open pit mine in the south - eastern Algeria in Tamanrasset Province .
Sheykh Maruf ( Persian : شيخ معروف‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Ma``rūf ) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 238 , in 48 families .
Pelverata is a town in Tasmania , Australia , to the east of Huonville .
Deymeh Kamar ( Persian : ديمه كمر‎ ) is a village in Haparu Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Azuero Peninsula ( Spanish : Península de Azuero ) is a large peninsula in southern Panama .
Muncho Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the Alaska Highway as it transits the northernmost Canadian Rockies west of Fort Nelson .
Koggala Airport ( IATA : KCT , ICAO : VCCK ) in Sri Lanka was originally a Royal Air Force ( RAF ) Station RAF Koggala .
Chah - e Haji Bahaallah ( Persian : چاه حاجی بهاءالدین‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Uppudaluwa Wind Farm ( also known as PowerGen Lanka Wind Farm , after its developers ) is a 10.5 MW wind farm owned by PowerGen Lanka ( Private ) Limited in Uppudaluwa , Puttalam , Sri Lanka .
Tantangara Dam is a major ungated concrete gravity dam with concrete chute spillway across the Murrumbidgee River upstream of Adaminaby in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales , Australia .
Septfontaines Castle ( French : Château de Septfontaines , Luxembourgish : Buerg vu Simmer ) in central Luxembourg is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles .
Sabirkhan ( Persian : صبيرخان‎ , also Romanized as Şabīrkhān ; also known as Şabrkhān ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Jonubi Rural District , Qarah Quyun District , Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sebatik Island ( Pulau Sebatik ) is an island off the eastern coast of Borneo , partly within Indonesia and partly within Malaysia .
German submarine U-234 was a Type XB U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . Her first and only mission into enemy territory consisted of the attempted delivery of uranium oxide and German advanced weapons technology to the Empire of Japan .
The Jerusalem Central Bus Station ( Hebrew : התחנה המרכזית של ירושלים‎ , HaTahanah HaMerkazit Shel Yerushalayim ) is the main bus depot in Jerusalem , Israel and one of the busiest bus stations in the country .
Giełozicha ( ɡʲɛwɔˈʑixa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Levende Ord Bibelsenter ( Norwegian for `` Living Word Bible Centre '' ) is a charismatic church in Bergen , Norway .
The Aeronautics Act R.S. 1985 , c. A-2 is the legislation that governs civil aviation in Canada .
Steenbergen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsteːnˌbɛrɣə(n ) ) ) is a municipality and a town in the province of North Brabant in the south of the Netherlands .
Palau Girona - Fontajau ( Catalan : Pavelló Girona - Fontajau ) is an arena in Girona , Catalonia , northern Spain , that holds 5,049 people .
Plumlov ( German : Blumenau , also Plumau ) is a town in the Olomouc Region , Czech Republic .
Hutt Valley High School is a state coeducational secondary school located in central Lower Hutt , New Zealand .
Port Vato is a village at the south coast of the island of Ambrym in Vanuatu with about 250 inhabitants .
Richerenches ( Richarencha in Occitan ) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The Southern Downs Region is a local government area in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia , along the state 's boundary with New South Wales .
Eichsfeld - Südharz was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district Eichsfeld , in Thuringia , Germany .
The 1932 French Grand Prix ( official name : XVIII Grand Prix de l'Automobile Club de France ) was a Grand Prix motor race held at Reims - Gueux on 3 July 1932 .
Novospasovka ( also , Novaya Spasovka ) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Labutta Township or Latputta Township ( Burmese : လပွတ္တာမြို့နယ် ) is one of the two township in Labutta District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar .
Lilab ( Persian : ليلاب‎ , also Romanized as Līlāb ; also known as Līlān and Lilyan ) is a village in Dizmar - e Markazi Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kholgo ( Russian : Холго ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of three settlements , in addition to Neryuktyayinsk 2-y and Berdinka , in Neryuktyayinsky 2-y Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Winnipeg North Centre was a federal electoral district in Manitoba , Canada , that was represented by a Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the Canadian House of Commons from 1925 to 2004 .
Gelvaran - e Bala ( Persian : گيلوران بالا‎ , also Romanized as Gelvarān - e Bālā and Gol Varān - e Bālā ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lauwersmeer National Park ( Dutch : Nationaal Park Lauwersmeer ) is a national park in the provinces of Friesland and Groningen in the Netherlands .
Fort Queenscliff , in Victoria , Australia , dates from 1860 when an open battery was constructed on Shortland 's Bluff to defend the entrance to Port Phillip .
Przeczyca ( pʂɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mahanama College is a Sinhala , Buddhist boys school in Colombo , Sri Lanka which was established in 1954 .
Oua is an islet on the north - east of Nukufetau atoll , Tuvalu , next to Lafanga atoll .
The Marqués de Valdecilla University Hospital , mainly known as Valdecilla is a general hospital located in the city of Santander , Cantabria , in Spain .
Kvatakhevi ( Georgian : ქვათახევი ) is a medieval Georgian Orthodox monastery in Shida Kartli , Georgia , 55 km ( 34 mi ) west of the nation 's capital of Tbilisi .
Halafaleh ( Persian : حلفله‎ , also Romanized as Ḩalafaleh ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Cassinga mine is a large iron mine located in south - western Angola in Huíla Province .
Saint - Thégonnec ( Breton : Sant - Tegoneg ) is a former commune in the Finistère department in Brittany in northwestern France .
The Pasłęka ( Ger . Passarge ) is a long river in Poland that debouches into the Baltic Sea on the Vistula Lagoon near Braniewo .
The Trishuli River ( Nepali : त्रिशूली नदी ; simplified Chinese : 特耳苏里河 ; traditional Chinese : 特耳蘇里河 ; pinyin : Tè'ěrsūlǐ Hé ) is a trans - boundary river and is one of the major tributaries of the Narayani River basin in central Nepal .
Comilla Cadet College is a military high school in Bangladesh .
Unlike Quilmes AC , which honored visiting players with the traditional tea , the recently founded club Argentino de Quilmes offered `` mate '' , a traditional infusion drink very popular in Argentina .
Aircompany ATMA ( Kazakh : `` АТМА '' Авиакомпаниясы `` АҚ ; Russian : АО ' ' Авиакомпания `` АТМА '' ) is an airline company based in Almaty ( Kazakhstan ) , which operates freight aircraft to provide cargo air transportation services .
Mljet ( pronounced ( mʎɛ̂t ) ; Latin : Melita , Italian : Meleda ) is the most southerly and easterly of the larger Adriatic islands of the Dalmatia region of Croatia .
The Minister of Arts and Culture is a Minister of the Cabinet of South Africa who is responsible for overseeing the Department of Arts and Culture .
The CMR Institute of Technology ( CMRIT ) is a private engineering college located in Bengaluru , India .
Braunschweigisches Landesmuseum ( BLM ) is a history museum in Braunschweig , Germany , operated by the state of Lower Saxony .
The National Centre for Computer Animation ( NCCA ) is part of the Media School at Bournemouth University in the United Kingdom .
Vingtaine de la Rocque is one of the four vingtaines of Grouville Parish on the Channel Island of Jersey .
Fahiyeh ( Persian : فهيه‎ , also Romanized as Fahīyeh and Fahyeh ; also known as Fīveh ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Mazar Dam is a concrete - face rock - fill dam on the Paute River Cañar Province , Ecuador .
Aleksinački Bujmir ( Serbian : Алексиначки Бујмир ) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac , in the Nišava District .
The island of Delos ( /ˈdiːlɒs/ ; Greek : Δήλος ( ˈðilos ) ; Attic : Δῆλος , Doric : Δᾶλος ) , near Mykonos , near the centre of the Cyclades archipelago , is one of the most important mythological , historical and archaeological sites in Greece .
Otumba or Otumba de Gómez Farías is a town and municipality located in the northeast of the State of Mexico , just northeast of Mexico City .
SEG Geneva Arena ( commonly known as the Geneva Arena , Genf Arena , French : Arena de Genève ) is an indoor arena in Geneva , Switzerland .
Ming City Rockers are a four - piece rock band from Immingham , United Kingdom .
Zolote ( Ukrainian : Золоте , Russian : Золотое ) is a city in Popasna Raion , Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Gåstorget ( Swedish : `` Goose Square '' ) is a small public square in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden , situated between the two alleys Överskärargränd and Gåsgränd .
Boondelbah Island , also known as the Boondelbah Nature Reserve , is a protected nature reserve and uninhabited island lying 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) off the mouth of Port Stephens on the coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Velike Bloke ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlikɛ ˈbloːkɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Cuini River is a river in the Amazonas state of north - western Brazil .
Betafo ( `` many roofs '' ) is a town and urban commune in Vakinankaratra Region , in the Central Highlands of Madagascar .
The Goethe - Nationalmuseum is a museum devoted to the German author Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , in the town of Weimar in Germany .
The 14209/14210 Lucknow Vindhyachal Intercity Express is a superfast express train belonging to Indian Railways that runs between Lucknow Junction and Vindhyachal in India .
Gornja Breza ( Serbian : Горња Бреза ) is a village in the municipality of Breza , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Parachinar Airport ( IATA : PAJ , ICAO : OPPC ) is an airport located in Parachinar , FATA , Pakistan .
Manshiyat Naser ( Egyptian Arabic : منشية ناصر manšeyyet Nāṣer pronounced ( mænˈʃejjet ˈnɑːsˤeɾ ) ) is a ward ( kism ) of Cairo , Egypt .
The Archipelago Sea ( Finnish : Saaristomeri , Swedish : Skärgårdshavet ) is a part of the Baltic Sea between the Gulf of Bothnia , the Gulf of Finland and the Sea of Åland , within Finnish territorial waters .
Monchegorsk ( Russian : Мончего́рск ) is a town in Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula , 145 kilometers ( 90 mi ) south of Murmansk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Barog station was filmed on CNN in Season 3 Episode 1 , `` Punjab , India '' of Anthony Bourdain :
Livada Solar Park is a large thin - film photovoltaic ( PV ) power system , built on a 135 ha ( 330 acres ) plot of land located between Livada and Drăguşeni in Romania .
Comilla Victoria Government College ( Bengali : কুমিল্লা ভিক্টোরিয়া সরকারি কলেজ ) is a college in Comilla , Bangladesh .
Ortiguera , Spain is a fishing village which has about one thousand inhabitants and belongs to the municipality of Coaña , Asturias , Spain .
Timna ( Arabic,تمنة ) is an ancient city in Yemen , the capital of the Qataban kingdom ; it is distinct from a city in Southern Israel that shares the same name .
Ariana Kabul F.C. ( Persian : کلپ آریانا‎‎ ) is the second oldest football team in Afghanistan .
The Caffè Gambrinus is a historic , private cafe or coffeehouse in Central Naples , Italy on Piazza Trieste e Trento .
Ruamrudee International School Swiss Section , also known as Swiss School Bangkok or Deutschsprachige Schule Bangkok , is a private not - for - profit international school operating under Ruamrudee International School in Minburi , Bangkok , Thailand .
Sjona Church ( Norwegian : Sjona kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Afyon Kocatepe University is a state university in Afyonkarahisar , Turkey .
The Sint - Lievensmonstertoren ( English : Saint - Livinus Monster Tower ) , also known as the Dikke Toren ( or Fat Tower ) is a 62 metre tall , unfinished , free standing church tower in Zierikzee , Netherlands .
The 2012 Campeonato Amazonense de Futebol was the 96th season of the top professional football league in Amazonas , Brazil .
Shabbir Abad is a town of Jhang District , in Punjab , Pakistan , located on the Jhang Chiniot road .
Pildon ( Persian : پــِلدان ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
The OD - N - Aiwo Hotel is located in Aiwo on the Pacific island state of Nauru ; it is the smaller one of the two hotels in Nauru , after the Menen Hotel .
The Lakki hills , or Laki hills is a range in the Sindh , in Pakistan , to the south of the Manchar Lake .
Wywóz ( ˈvɨvus ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gielniów , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Free Social Democrats ( Danish : Frie Socialdemokrater ) were a political party in Denmark .
McConnell Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located near Lac Le Jeune between Kamloops and Merritt , near BC Highway 5 .
The North Apartments , located at 91 Goulburn Street , Sydney , Australia , were designed by the late architect Harry Seidler .
Kumharon Ka Bass is a village situated in very planned fashion about 3.5 kilometres ( 2.2 mi ) away(No road is there only sandy way ) from Surajgarh in Jhunjhunu district of Rajasthan in India since 1938 all villager are belongs to same cast and at the beginning all villager were relative each other .
The Autopista AP-41 is a proposed highway in central Spain .
The Rhine - Main Railway ( German : Main - Rhein - Bahn ) , is a railway line in southern Germany from Mainz via Darmstadt to Aschaffenburg .
Viesīte parish ( Latvian : Viesītes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Viesīte Municipality , Latvia .
Krasnouralsk ( Russian : Красноура́льск ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia .
Svalbard Satellite Station ( Norwegian : Svalbard satelittstasjon ) or SvalSat is a satellite ground station located on Platåberget near Longyearbyen in Svalbard , Norway .
The Aiviekste hydroelectric power station is the first hydroelectric power station constructed in Latvia .
Çetenli , Doğubayazıt is a town in Dogubayazit district of central Agri Province eastern Turkey .
Pypkowo ( pɨpˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Fredensborg is a railway town located in Fredensborg Municipality , North Zealand , some 30 kilometres north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Monschau ( French : Montjoie , Walloon : Mondjoye ) is a small resort town in the Eifel region of western Germany , located in the district Aachen , North Rhine - Westphalia .
Derry was the United Kingdom 's westernmost port ; indeed , the city was the westernmost Allied port in Europe : thus , Derry was a crucial jumping - off point , together with Glasgow and Liverpool , for the shipping convoys that ran between Europe and North America .
Gouden Ezelsoor ( `` Golden Dog Ear '' ) was an award for the best - selling literary debut in the Netherlands .
Matei Basarab National College ( Romanian : Colegiul Național `` Matei Basarab '' ) is a high school in Bucharest , Romania .
The Cuillin is perhaps the only range in the United Kingdom to approach in sheer jagged rawness ( though not of course in height ) the mountain experience of such ranges as the Alps or Rockies .
Balletto Glacier is near the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania , on the southwest slope of the peak and is a small remnant of an icecap which once crowned the top of Mount Kilimanjaro .
Kolsås is a wooded mountain ridge in the municipality of Bærum , Norway .
Lakinsk ( Russian : Ла́кинск ) is a town in Sobinsky District of Vladimir Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Klyazma River , 32 kilometers ( 20 mi ) southwest of Vladimir , the administrative center of the oblast .
The Blinnenhorn ( German ) or Corno Cieco ( Italian ) is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps , located on the border between Italy and Switzerland .
Kangua ( Kaagua ) is a village in the Solomon Islands , on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province .
A number of major astronomical facilities are located at the Paul Wild Observatory near Narrabri , Australia , including :
Widden Brook , a partly perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment , is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales , Australia .
Constantines is an indie rock band from Guelph , Ontario , Canada .
Jardas Jerrari ( Arabic : جردس جراري‎ ) is a village in Jebel Akhdar , Libya .
Titer Khel is a Marwat village on the Indus Highway in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
The Vchelka waterfall is located on the Gnylopiat '' River in the Zhytomyr Raion , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine , between the villages of Singury , Golovenka and Perlyavka .
The BRW Rich 200 is a list of Australia 's two hundred wealthiest individuals and families , ranked by personal net worth .
The Kwanika Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains , bounded by Kwanika Creek , Klawli River and Nation River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Przyszów ( ˈpʂɨʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanów , within Stalowa Wola County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Daeheungsa is located on the slopes of Duryunsan ( Duryun Mountain ) in Samsan Township , Haenam County , in the province of Jeollanam - do near the southern limit of South Korea .
The Caí River ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kaˈi ) ) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil .
Argazi Reservoir ( Russian : Аргазинское водохранилище ) is a reservoir , created on the Miass River ( Tobol 's basin ) in Chelyabinsk Oblast ( Russia ) in 1946 .
Dizaj - e Aland ( Persian : ديزج الند‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj - e Aland ; also known as Aland ) is a village in Aland Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tréflaouénan ( Breton : Trelaouenan ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Ptuj ( pronounced ( ˈptuːi̯ ) ; German : Pettau ; Latin : Poetovium ) is a town in northeastern Slovenia .
Jazireh - ye Minu Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جزيره مينو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Minu District , Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Doctor 's Lake East Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CDL5 ) is located on Doctor 's Lake , northwest of Nova Scotia Trunk 1 and north - northeast of Lake Milo in Yarmouth County , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Jora Wielka ( ˈjɔra ˈvjɛlka ) ( German : Groß Jauer ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Haukkasalo is the third largest island in Lake Päijänne in Finland , located at 61.72N 25.43E.
Tuy Hoa Air Base is a former air force base in Vietnam , being closed in 1970 .
Special Tasks and Rescue ( STAR Group ) is the Police Tactical Group of the South Australia Police .
The Varahanatha Temple , also known as Yajna Varaha Temple , is a Hindu temple complex , located on the left bank of the Vaitarani River on an island formed by the river , in Jajpur , Odisha , India .
On 20 October 1912 during the First Balkan War , a Greek naval detachment freed Thasos from the Ottomans and it became part of Greece .
David 's eldest son John Edward Pigot , one of the founders of the National Gallery of Ireland , was also born in Kilworth .
Saral - e Sofla ( Persian : سارال سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sārāl - e Soflá ; also known as Sārāl - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Almahdi Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Nakina River is a river in northwestern British Columbia , Canada , rising southeast of Atlin Lake and flowing generally southeast to its confluence with the Inklin River at the locality of Inklin , where the two rivers combine to form the Taku River .
Maumere is the seat capital of the Sikka Regency and the largest town in Flores , Indonesia .
Restaurant Vermeer is a restaurant located in the NH Barbizon Palace hotel at the Prins Hendrikkade in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Żnin ( ʐɲin ) is a small town in Poland with a population of 14,181 ( June 2014 ) .
Trnovec pri Dramljah ( pronounced ( ˈtəɾnɔːvəts pɾi ˈdraːmljax ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šentjur in eastern Slovenia .
Bhagyalakshmi temple is a Hindu temple located in Hyderabad , India .
The Bauakademie ( English Building Academy ) in Berlin , Germany , built between 1832 and 1836 , is considered one of the forerunners of modern architecture due to its theretofore uncommon use of red brick and the relatively streamlined facade of the building .
The Armenian Pantheon of Tbilisi also known as Khojivank ( Armenian : Խոջիվանք ; Georgian : ხოჯივანქი Khojivank'i ; Russian : Ходживанк ) or Khojavank ( Armenian : Խոջավանք ) is an Armenian architectural complex in north - eastern part of Avlabari district of Tbilisi , Georgia .
Ciudad de Mendoza Airpark ( Spanish : Aeroparque Ciudad de Mendoza , IATA : MAE , ICAO : SAMQ ) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) northwest of Mendoza , Mendoza , Argentina .
Martinsberg is a market town in the District Zwettl in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Kohsan ( Kohistan , Kūhestān ) is a town and the administrative center of Kohsan District , Herat Province , Afghanistan .
The Justice Annex was a building just east of the Supreme Court of Canada and west of Parliament Hill in Ottawa , Canada .
La Ginebrosa ( Spanish : ( la xineˈβɾosa ) ; Catalan : ( ɫə ʒinəˈβɾozə ) , locally : ( la tʃineˈβɾoza ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
Hay River Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CEF8 ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) northeast of Hay River , Northwest Territories , Canada , and is open from the middle of May until October .
Arja Vas ( pronounced ( ˈarːja ˈvaːs ) ; Slovene : Arja vas , German : Arndorf ) is a roadside settlement in the Municipality of Žalec in east - central Slovenia .
Marmolada ( Ladin : Marmoleda ) is a mountain in northeastern Italy and the highest mountain of the Dolomites ( a section of the Alps ) .
The Old Gum Tree is a historic site in Glenelg North , Australia .
Parakar ( Armenian : Փարաքար ) ; formerly known as Shirabad , is a major village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
Museum Kampa is a modern art gallery in Prague , Czech Republic , showing Central European , and in particular Czech work .
Huozhou ( 霍州市 , Huòzhōu ) is a county - level city between the cities of Lingshi and Linfen in the prefecture of Linfen 临汾市 in the Shanxi province of the People 's Republic of China .
The Swiss Seismological Service ( German : Schweizerischer Erdbebendienst ( SED ) , French : Service Sismologique Suisse , Italian : Servizio Sismico Svizzero , Romansh : Servizi da Terratrembels Svizzer ) at ETH Zurich is the federal agency responsible for monitoring earthquakes in Switzerland and its neighboring countries and for assessing Switzerland 's seismic hazard .
Selbur ( Persian : سلبور‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Chenar Zahedan ( Persian : چنارزاهدان‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Zāhedān ; also known as Chenār Dozd ) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Muduluni is a town located in South Africa 's Limpopo Province , prior to 1993 part of the Transvaal Province .
Douro - Dummer is a township in central - eastern Ontario , Canada , in Peterborough County along the Trent - Severn Waterway .
The Poldertoren is a water tower at the town center of Emmeloord , Netherlands .
Klahim ( Hebrew : קְלָחִים , lit . Corncobs ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
The Ladoga Canal was one of the first major canals constructed in Russia .
Chehel Sotoun ( also Chihil Sutun or Chehel Sotoon ; Persian : چهل ستون‎‎ , literally : `` Forty Columns '' ) is a pavilion in the middle of a park at the far end of a long pool , in Isfahan , Iran , built by Shah Abbas II to be used for his entertainment and receptions .
Nir Yisrael ( Hebrew : נִיר יִשְׂרָאֵל , lit . Yisrael 's Meadow ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Simmineh District ( Persian : بخش سیمینه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Karamana is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram ( Trivandrum ) , the capital city of Kerala , India .
Mashark ( Persian : مشارك‎ , also Romanized as Mashārḵ ; also known as Mashārg ) is a village in Mahyar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Gurchinlu Hajj Najaf ( Persian : قشلاق گورچينلوحاج نجف‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Gūrčīnlū Ḩājj Najaf ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Illamurta Springs Conservation Reserve is a conservation reserve in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Vrmac Tunnel ( Serbian : Тунел Врмац ) is a vehicular tunnel in southern Montenegro .
Sapo National Park is a national park in Sinoe County , Liberia .
The Sitra Causeway consists of a series of bridges and causeways constructed in the Kingdom of Bahrain .
Greek National Road 111 is a national highway in Elis , Peloponnese , Greece .
Alafors is a town and the seat of the municipality of Ale Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Tshokwe ( or Chokwe ) is a village in Central District of Botswana .
Ersekë ( definite Albanian form : Erseka ) is a town and a former municipality in southeastern Albania .
Wat Pa Sak ( Thai : วัดป่าสัก , `` Temple of the Teak Forest '' ) is a wat ( Buddhist temple - monastery ) in Chiang Saen District , Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Sendaigawa Dam ( Japanese : 鶴田ダム ) is a dam in Kagoshima Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1964 .
The Upper Silesian metropolitan area is a metropolitan area in southern Poland and northeast Czech Republic , centered on the cities of Katowice and Ostrava in Silesia .
Lago Bianco ( literally `` White Lake '' ) is a reservoir at the Bernina pass in the Grisons , Switzerland .
The Vizcachas Mountains is a mountain range northwest of Santiago , in the Santiago Metropolitan Region , Chile .
The Gulf of California xeric scrub is a xeric shrubland ecoregion of Mexico 's Baja California Peninsula .
Asajaya ( Chinese : 雅沙再也 ) is a small town located in Samarahan Division , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Kolashta Jan ( Persian : كلشتاجان‎ , also Romanized as Kolashtā Jān and Koleshtājān ; also known as Kolashtjān and Kulushtladzhan ) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Mahakali Caves ( also known as the Kondivite Caves ) are a group of 19 rock - cut monuments built between 1st century BCE and 6th century CE . This Buddhist monastery is located in the eastern suburb of Andheri in the city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) in western India .
Saclay ( pronounced : ( sa.klɛ ) ) is a commune in the southwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Hoseynabad - e Gorgan ( Persian : حسين آباد گرگان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Gorgān , Ḩoseynābād Gorgān , and Ḩoseynābād - e Garagān ; Ḩoseynābād and Husainābād ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Swiss Party of Labour ( German : Partei der Arbeit der Schweiz ; French : Parti Suisse du Travail - Parti Ouvrier et Populaire ; Italian : Partito Comunista ; Romansh : Partida svizra da la lavur ) is a communist party in Switzerland .
CKZP - FM is a community radio station that operates at 102.7 FM in Zenon Park , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Ekwari has a population of 11,561 , in 1,877 families , of which 5,976 are male and 5,585 are female according to the census conducted in India ( 2011 ) .
Lademoen is a residential area in Trondheim , Norway about two kilometers east of the city centre located just east of Nedre Elvehavn , west of Leangen , south of Nyhavna and north of Rosenborg .
Tarnawa Niżna ( tarˈnava ˈɲiʐna ) ( Ukrainian : Тернава Нижня , Ternava Nyzhnia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Almada ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐɫˈmaðɐ ) ) is a city and a municipality in Portugal , located on the southern margin of the Tagus River .
Doctor 's Cave Beach Club , Montego Bay ( also known as Doctor 's Cave Bathing Club ) has been one of the most famous beaches in Jamaica for nearly a century .
Dedovichi ( Russian : Дедовичи ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Dedovichsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia , located on the Shelon River east of Pskov .
The Citizenship ( Armed Forces ) Act 2014 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that received Royal Assent on 13 March 2014 after being introduced on 19 June 2013 .
Our Lady of Consolata Kisubi Hospital , also Our Lady of Consolation Kisubi Hospital , commonly referred to as Kisubi Hospital , is a private , non - profit , community hospital in Uganda .
The Toronto Sun is an English - language daily tabloid newspaper published in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Kosovets is a place in Poland , located at 49 ° 42′00``N 023 ° 43′00''E.
Adhapara is a small village in the district of Jharsuguda in Orissa , India .
Rivasijan ( Persian : ريواسيجان‎ , also Romanized as Rīvāsījān and Rivasjan ) is a village in Hayaquq - e Nabi Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Dombai - Ulgen or Dombay - Ulgen ( Georgian : დომბაი-ულგენი ; Russian : Домбай-Ульген , Karachay - Balkar : Доммай ёлген ) is a 4,046 m ( 13,274 ft ) high mountain of the Greater Caucasus and the highest point of Abkhazia , a state with limited international recognition otherwise seen to be part of Georgia .
Banyeres de Mariola ( Valencian pronunciation : ( baˈɲeɾez ðe maɾiˈɔla ) , Spanish : Bañeres ) is a settlement in the north of the province of Alicante ( Spain ) , 860 metres above sea level , with a population of 7,500 .
Hartberg is a city in Styria , Austria , the capital of the Hartberg - Fürstenfeld ( district ) .
The Kölnbrein Dam is an arch dam in the Hohe Tauern range within Carinthia , Austria .
The hamlet of Arcavacata is famous because in its territory there is the University of Calabria , the largest campus in Italy .
North Parramatta is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia 24 kilometres north - west of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of the City of Parramatta .
Culmore railway station served Culmore and Coolkeeragh in County Londonderry in Northern Ireland .
The Karmøy Tunnel ( Norwegian : Karmøytunnelen ) is the longest subsea road tunnel in Norway .
Kwale is a small town in and the capital of Kwale County , Kenya .
Orway is a small hamlet , approximately 1.5 miles squared , situated just on the edge of the Blackdown Hills in Devon , United Kingdom .
Funen Art Academy ( Danish : Det Fynske Kunstakademi ) is an independent , nationally recognized educational institution located in the Brandts complex in central Odense , Denmark .
Caaguazú District ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ka(a)ɣwaˈsu ) ) is one of the 20 districts of Caaguazú Department , Paraguay .
Colón Sudeste - Abayubá is a composite barrio ( neighbourhood or district ) of Montevideo , Uruguay .
The Moree Gwydir Examiner and General Advertiser was a weekly newspaper published in Moree , New South Wales , Australia from 1883 to 1940 .
The Sumy State University ( SSU ) ( Ukrainian : Сумський державний університет ) is located in Sumy Oblast , in the historical region of Sloboda Ukraine .
The Municipality of Straža ( Slovene : Občina Straža ) is a municipality in southeastern Slovenia .
Krynki - Miklasy ( ˈkrɨnki miˈklasɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Nelson Garden Arena ( formerly named Dackehallen ) is an indoor arena in Tingsryd , Sweden .
Maricourt Catholic School , in Maghull , Merseyside , United Kingdom , formerly Mater Misericordiae Grammar School , is one of two Roman Catholic secondary schools administered by the Sisters of Mercy in Merseyside , the other being Broughton Hall , West Derby .
Kalncempji Parish ( Latvian : Kalncempju pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Alūksne Municipality , Latvia .
Apelern is a municipality in the Samtgemeinde of Rodenberg in the district of Schaumburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Slavsk ( Russian : Славск ) , prior to 1946 known by its German name Heinrichswalde ( Polish : Jędrzychowo ; Lithuanian : Gastos ) , is a town and the administrative center of Slavsky District in Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia , located 105 kilometers ( 65 mi ) northeast of Kaliningrad , the administrative center of the oblast .
Byków ( ˈbɨkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Punong Barangay , commonly known as the Barangay Captain and less commonly Barangay Chairman , is the highest elected official in a barangay , the smallest of the elected administrative divisions of the Philippines .
Kampyli ( Greek : Καμπυλή ; Turkish : Hisarköy `` castle village '' , previously Kambilli ) is a small Turkish Cypriot village in Cyprus , located approximately 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) east of Myrtou .
Trifels Castle ( ) is a reconstructed medieval castle at an elevation of near the small town of Annweiler , in the Palatinate region of southwestern Germany .
Kocaeli Province ( Turkish : Kocaeli ili , pronounced ( kodʒaˈeli ) ) is a province of Turkey .
Dolgi Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈdoːu̯ɡi ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Skrudaliena ( Formerly : Skrudaļina ) is a settlement in Skrudaliena parish in southeastern Latvia .
Sant'Eugenio Hospital is a hospital located in Rome , Italy .
Sioux Lookout railway station is located in the town of Sioux Lookout , Kenora District in northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Betampona Reserve is a nature reserve in Toamasina Province of Madagascar .
Tsamadi ( Georgian : წამადი , Ossetian : Цъамад ) is a settlement in the Java district of South Ossetia , a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed .
Lis Teymur ( Persian : ليس تيمور‎ , also Romanized as Līs Teymūr ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bhiria Road railway station ( Urdu : بھیریا روڈ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Bhiria road city , Naushahro Feroze district of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
Karlstad Cathedral ( Swedish : Karlstads domkyrka ) is a cathedral in Karlstad in Sweden .
Saale - Unstrut is a region ( Anbaugebiet ) for quality wine in Germany , and takes its name from the rivers Saale and Unstrut .
Batîr is a commune in Cimişlia district , near the southern border of Moldova .
Titu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈtitu ) ) is a town in Dâmboviţa County , southern Romania , with a population of 10,226 as of 2002 , best known for its yearly September 14 fair ( bâlci ) .
Neumünster Abbey ( Luxembourgish : Abtei Neimënster , French : Abbaye de Neumünster ) is a public meeting place and cultural centre , located in the Grund district of Luxembourg City in southern Luxembourg .
After the unification of Italy Merate grew as an industrial centre with the development of the banking and textile industries .
Savlje ( pronounced ( ˈsaːu̯ljɛ ) ; German : Saule ) is a formerly independent settlement in the northern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
The Kumbharli Ghat is a mountain pass in Maharashtra , India that connects the coastal Ratnagiri District in Konkan region of Maharashtra with the Satara District in Desh region .
Drentch is a Canadian Christian rock band which comes from Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Takoradi European Public Cemetery is in Ghana ( previously known as The Gold Coast ) , situated north of the Takoradi Airport .
La Pyramide Inversée ( The Inverted Pyramid ) is a skylight constructed in the Carrousel du Louvre shopping mall in front of the Louvre Museum in France .
Communist Workers Organisation ( in Dutch : Kommunistische Arbeidersorganisatie ( marxistisch - leninistisch ) , abbreviated KAO(ml ) ) was a communist group in the Netherlands .
Zagłębie Sosnowiec ( Polish pronunciation : ( zaɡˈwɛmbʲɛ sɔsˈnɔvʲɛts ) ) is a football ( soccer ) club based in Sosnowiec , Poland .
Existere - Journal of Arts & Literature is a Canadian magazine , that publishes twice a year at York University 's Vanier College in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Tuningen is a Gemeinde ( municipality ) located in the Schwarzwald - Baar district in the middle of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Nimvar ( Persian : نيمور‎ , also Romanized as Nīmvar and Nīmwar ; also known as Nimehvan and Nīmeh Var ) is a city in the Central District of Mahallat County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Monument to the Shoemaker ( Portuguese : Monumento Ao Sapateiro ) is a public sculpture in Novo Hamburgo , southern Brazil .
Rockstone Pond is a settlement located in the nation of Belize .
City Bell is a neighborhood located in La Plata , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
La Rochelle Girls ' High School , ( Afrikaans : Hoër Meisieskool La Rochelle ) in Paarl is one of the oldest girls ' schools in South Africa .
Bobigny ( French pronunciation : ​(bo.bi.ɲi ) ) is a commune , or town , in the northeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Ivankovo Reservoir or Ivankovskoye Reservoir ( Russian : Ива́ньковское водохрани́лище ) , informally known as the Moscow Sea , is the uppermost reservoir on the Volga River , in Moscow and Tver Oblasts of Russia , located some 130 km north of Moscow .
Santa Maria la Scala is a Baroque style church in a Piazzetta of the same name in Naples , Italy .
Chitral National Park is one of the national parks of Pakistan .
Hilton Manchester Deansgate is a hotel in the heart of the city centre of Manchester , United Kingdom .
Vartry Reservoir ( Irish : Taiscumar Fheartraí ) is a reservoir at Roundwood in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Stordalen Chapel ( Norwegian : Stordalen kapell ) is a parish church in the municipality of Meråker in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Baykit Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Байкит ) ( ICAO : UNIB ) is an airport in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia located 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) west of Baykit .
Săliștea ( German : Tschorren ; Hungarian : Alsócsóra ) , known as Cioara until 1965 , is a commune located in Alba county , Romania .
Cangallo is a town in southern Peru , capital of the province Cangallo in the region Ayacucho .
Kapkan ( Persian : كپكان‎ , also Romanized as Kapkān ; also known as Koopkan and Kūpkan ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
K.D.Paliwal Park is located in the heart of Agra , India .
Taboga Island ( Spanish : Isla Taboga ) , also known as the `` Island of Flowers '' , is a volcanic island in the Gulf of Panama .
The Ikopa River is the second longest waterway in Madagascar and passes through the capital , Antananarivo .
Selayar Strait separates Selayar Island from Cape Bira of the main island South Sulawesi Province , Indonesia .
The Jura Museum situated in Eichstätt , Germany is a Natural History Museum that has an extensive exhibit of Jurassic fossils from the quarries of Solnhofen and surroundings , including marine reptiles , pterosaurs , and one specimen of the early bird Archaeopteryx .
There are about 9 million Twi speakers , mainly in Ashanti Region , Ghana .
Timiș - Cerna Gap ( Romanian : Culoarul Timiș - Cerna ) is a mountain pass in South - Western Romania ( mostly in Caraș - Severin County ) , dividing the Southern Carpathians and Banat mountain ranges , both part of the Carpathians .
Birds of Eden is the world 's largest free flight aviary and bird sanctuary , located near Plettenberg Bay in the Western Cape , South Africa .
The St. Francis Square is a complex of three buildings located in Ortigas Center , Mandaluyong , Philippines .
Haifa Street ( or Hayfa Street ) ( Arabic : شارع حيفا‎ ) is a two - mile - long street in Baghdad , Iraq .
Malolotja National Park covers 4,447 acres ( 18,000 ha ) of mountain wilderness on Swaziland 's north western border with South Africa .
Bagua , Anantapur ( Bengali : বাগুয়া অনন্তপুর ) , also known as Bugwah , is a village in Hatia Union of Ulipur Upazila , Kurigram District , Rangpur Division , Bangladesh , on the Jamuna river .
The Shire of Southern Grampians is a local government area ( LGA ) in the Barwon South West region of Victoria , Australia , located in the south - western part of the state .
Jaźwina ( jaʑˈvina ) ( German : Langseifersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki , within Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Manzhouli Xijiao Airport ( Chinese : 满洲里西郊机场 ) ( IATA : NZH , ICAO : ZBMZ ) is an airport serving Manzhouli , a city in the autonomous region of Inner Mongolia in the People 's Republic of China .
The Rhaetian Railway ABe 4/16 is a class of metre gauge four car electric multiple unit trains of the Rhaetian Railway ( RhB ) , which is the main railway network in the Canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
Boheman Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Boheman fuglereservat ) is a bird reserve in Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
The Parus Business Centre ( Ukrainian : Бізнес Центр `` Парус '' ) is a 34-story class - A office building in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
The 2010 Winter Paralympics , officially the X Paralympic Winter Games ( French : Les Xes Jeux paralympiques d'hiver ) , or the 10th Winter Paralympics , were held in Vancouver and Whistler , British Columbia , Canada from March 12 to 21 , 2010 .
Banhine National Park is a protected area in the district of Chigubo , northern Gaza Province , Mozambique .
Mah Kord ( Persian : مه كرد‎ ; also known as Kūshk - e va Mahkord and Mākurd ) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Ontario Archaeological Society is a registered charitable organization promoting the ethical practice of archaeology within the Province of Ontario , Canada .
It was owned by Viewers Choice Canada Inc. , which at the time of its closure was majority owned and managed by Bell Media , with minority partners Rogers Media and ESPN Inc. , and had been carried by various cable and IPTV service providers , primarily in eastern Canada .
Psarce ( ˈpsart͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ouenza ( Arabic : الونزة‎ ) is a town in Tébessa Province , in far eastern Algeria ; near the border with Tunisia ; 43 km south of Souk Ahras ; and west of M'Daourouch .
The Arrondissement of Philippeville ( French : Arrondissement de Philippeville ; Dutch : Arrondissement Philippeville ) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Namur , Wallonia , Belgium .
Frans Kaisiepo Airport ( Indonesian : Bandara Frans Kaisiepo ) ( IATA : BIK , ICAO : WABB ) is an airport in Biak , Papua , Indonesia .
The weather station of Karpathos alongside Ierapetra holds Greece 's highest annual mean temperature , 20.1 ° C ( 68 ° F ) ( 1950 - -1960 , 1970 - -1975 ) .
Theater Duisburg ( Duisburg Theatre ) is located in Duisburg , Germany and is one of two opera houses where performances are given by the Deutsche Oper am Rhein .
Märjamaa Parish is the biggest municipality in Estonia by area .
Salt Spring Island ( also known as Saltspring Island ) is one of the Gulf Islands in the Strait of Georgia between mainland British Columbia , Canada and Vancouver Island .
Tenosique is a town located in Tenosique Municipality in the southeastern corner of the state of Tabasco , in Mexico .
Greek National Road 63 is a national highway in northern Greece .
La Pobla de Vallbona ( Valencian pronunciation : ( la ˈpɔβla ðe la ˌvaʎˈβɔna ) ) is a town in the province of Valencia and autonomous community of Valencian Community , Spain .
The Baengnyulsa or Baengnyul temple is a Korean Buddhist temple located on the slopes of Geumgang Mountain in the neighborhood of Dongcheon - dong , Gyeongju , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
Ajaokuta Airstrip or Ajaokuta Airfield is an airstrip located near Ajaokuta , a town in the Kogi State in Nigeria .
Fiescheralp ( also known as Kühboden , literally `` cows ' floor '' ) is a locality in the canton of Valais , Switzerland , situated above Fiesch at an elevation of 2,212 metres ( 7,257 ft ) above sea level .
Ripiro Beach is a sandy stretch on the west coast of Northland , New Zealand , extending from Pouto Peninsula in the south to Maunganui Bluff in the north .
FC Futura ( abbreviated Futura ) is a football club from Porvoo in Finland .
Leamaneh Castle is a ruined castle located in the townland Leamaneh North , Parish of Kilnaboy , between the Villages of Corofin and Kilfenora in the region known as The Burren in County Clare , Ireland .
Agioi Deka ( Greek : Άγιοι Δέκα , `` Holy Ten '' ) is a village in the Heraklion regional unit , Greece , with 861 inhabitants ( 2011 census ) .
Cerovec pri Črešnjevcu ( pronounced ( tsɛˈɾɔːʋəts pɾi ˈtʃɾeːʃnjɛu̯tsu ) ) is settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia .
Solinky is a town section of Žilina located in northwestern Slovakia , with about 10,000 inhabitants .
Wężyki ( vɛ̃ˈʐɨki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Thathan Buzurg is a village located in the Hajipur block of Vaishali district , Bihar , India .
Masidar ( Persian : ماسي در‎‎ , also Romanized as Māsīdar and Masider ; also known as Māhīdar ) is a village in Posht - e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
West Highland Creek is a river in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , a tributary of Highland Creek in the Lake Ontario drainage basin .
Yasi Kand ( Persian : ياسي كند‎ , also Romanized as Yāsī Kand ; also known as Yāsī Kandī ) is a village in Behi - e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Schneeferner in the Bavarian Alps is Germany 's highest and largest glacier .
Mürefte ( formerly Myriophyton ; Greek : Μυριόφυτο , also Myriophytum ) is a village in the district of Şarköy , Turkey , on the Sea of Marmara about 51 km southwest of Tekirdağ .
Brojce ( ˈbrɔi̯t͡sɛ ) ( German : Broitz ) is a village in Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kępice ( kɛmˈpʲit͡sɛ ) ( German : Hammermühle ; Kashubian : Hômer ) is the town in Słupsk county , Pomeranian Voivodeship , northern Poland .
Loje ( pronounced ( ˈloːjɛ ) ) is small settlement in the hills north of Kneža in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Ferdows ( Persian : فردوس‎‎ , also Romanized as Ferdos , Ferdous , and Firdaus ; named Toon or Tūn until 1929 ) is a city in and the capital of Ferdows County , located in the northwest of South Khorasan Province in Iran .
Kyachchi ( Russian : Кяччи ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Kyachchinsky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 25 kilometers ( 16 mi ) from Olyokminsk , the administrative center of the district .
Normalnull ( `` standard zero '' ) or Normal - Null ( short N. N. or NN ) is an outdated official vertical datum used in Germany .
Antarasu ( Quechua anta copper , Ancash Quechua rasu snow , ice , mountain with snow , `` snow - covered copper mountain '' , hispanicized spelling Antarazo ) is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,180 metres ( 16,995 ft ) high .
Kiyama Island ( Japanese : 木山島 ) is an uninhabited island of Amami Islands of Satsunan Islands , Japan , administratively belonging to Setouchi , Ōshima District , Kagoshima Prefecture .
Kaiwharawhara , formerly known as Kaiwarra , is an urban seaside suburb of Wellington in New Zealand 's North Island .
The Necropolis of Kerkouane is an ancient cemetery located approximately 1.5 km ( 0.93 mi ) northwest of the Punic city of Kerkouane in northeastern Tunisia .
Zacapu ( Place of Stones ) , is a city and surrounding municipality in the Nahuatzen mountains of Michoacán , Mexico .
Murchison Falls , also known as Kabalega Falls , is a waterfall between Lake Kyoga and Lake Albert on the White Nile River in Uganda .
Karczewice ( kart͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Stanovišče ( pronounced ( stanɔˈʋiːʃtʃɛ ) ; Italian : Stanovischis ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Drávatamási is a village in Somogy county , Hungary .
École secondaire l'Horizon is a French - language public secondary school located in Saint - Jean - Chrysostome , Quebec , Canada .
Trybsz ( trɨpʂ ) , ( Slovak : Tribš ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapsze Niżne , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
The Transat Jacques Vabre is a yachting race that follows the historic coffee trading route between France and Brazil .
Fath Expressway is an expressway located in West Tehran starting at Fath Square and joining Road 32 ( Iran ) at the end .
Punta Brava is a small town and suburban ward ( consejo popular ) of Havana , Cuba , part of the municipio of La Lisa .
Baynal ( Persian : باينال‎ , also Romanized as Bāynāl ; also known as Bānīāl and Banīāl ) is a village in Kongor Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Darvish Ali ( Persian : درويش علي‎ , also Romanized as Darvīsh `` Alī ) is a village in Behi - e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 133 , in 26 families .
Bəşirbəyli ( also , Bashirbeyli and Beshir - Beyli ) is a village in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wymój ( ˈvɨmui̯ ) ( German : Wemitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The United Kingdom Census 2001 reported a population of 2325 , down from 2641 in the United Kingdom Census 1991 , a change from 312 to 527 in North Knapdale , and from 2641 to 2325 in South Knapdale .
The Danish Railway Museum ( Danish : Danmarks Jernbanemuseum ) is the national railway museum of Denmark , located in the city of Odense .
The Highway Code is a set of information , advice , guides and mandatory rules for all road users in the United Kingdom .
Sannieshof is a small farming town situated in North West Province of South Africa .
Luge at the 1988 Winter Olympics consisted of three events at Canada Olympic Park .
As Nogais is a municipality in the Galician province of Lugo , Spain .
The Bagh Caves are a group of nine rock - cut monuments , situated among the southern slopes of the Vindhyas in Bagh town of Dhar district in Madhya Pradesh state in central India .
Zachorzów - Kolonia ( zaˈxɔʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Chronicle Herald is a broadsheet published in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Radishchev ( Russian : Ради́щев ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) in Nizhneilimsky District of Irkutsk Oblast , Russia .
The Hubsugui mine is a large mine located in Mongolia .
Atiamuri is a former Hydro village in the central North Island of New Zealand .
Mladenovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Младеновац , pronounced ( mlâde̞nɔ̝v̞at͡s ) ) is a town and one of 17 city municipalities which constitute the City of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Nervi is a former fishing village 12 miles Northwest of Portofino , now a seaside resort in Liguria , in northwest Italy .
The Ostalbkreis is a district ( Kreis ) in the east of Baden - Württemberg , Germany , on the border to Bavaria .
Gazmeh ( Persian : گزمه‎ ; also known as Deh Gazma ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ələkçi ( also , Alakchi and Alyakchi ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hochwurzen is a ski area located in Austria .
Gandigar is a well populated and socialized village in Upper Dir District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Florya Atatürk Marine Mansion , ( Turkish : Florya Atatürk Deniz Köşkü ) is a historic presidential residence located offshore in the Sea of Marmara in the Florya neighborhood of the Bakırköy district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Telagh ( Arabic : تلاغ‎ ) is a town and commune in Sidi Bel Abbès Province in north - western Algeria .
Kolonia Busz ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈbuʂ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Naturkundemuseum Görlitz , in full Senckenberg Museum für Naturkunde Görlitz is a natural history museum in Görlitz , Germany .
The Middelaldercentret ( English : Middle Ages Centre ) is an experimental living history museum in Denmark , which depicts the middle ages in the Denmark of the late 14th and early 15th centuries .
Shushud ( Persian : شوشود‎ , also Romanized as Shūshūd ; also known as Shūshūd - e Bālā ) is a village in Fasharud Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Szentes is a city in south - eastern Hungary , Csongrád county .
Stará Myjava ( German : Alt - Miawa , Hungarian : Ómiava ) is a village and municipality in Myjava District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Two Bloor West , is an office building at the intersection of Yonge Street and Bloor Street in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Sabkhat Ghuzayyil is Libya 's lowest point at 47 meters ( 154 feet ) below sea level , and is just southeast of the Gulf of Sidra .
Mogador island ( French : Ile Mogador ) is the main island of the Iles Purpuraires near Essaouira in Morocco .
The Kaitangata Line , also known as the Kaitangata Branch in its first years of operation , was a railway line in Otago , New Zealand .
Gobeyr - e Yek ( Persian : گبيريك‎ ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Serang municipality ( Indonesian : Kota Serang ) is the capital of Banten province and was formerly also the administrative center of Serang Regency in Indonesia ( the Regency 's capital is now at Baros ) .
Boussera Department is a department or commune of Poni Province in southern Burkina Faso .
Tioman Airport ( IATA : TOD , ICAO : WMBT ) , also known as Pulau Tioman Airport , is an airport serving Tioman Island ( Pulau Tioman ) in Malaysia .
Minsk-1 Airport ( IATA : MHP , ICAO : UMMM ) is an airport located within the city limits of Minsk , Belarus , just a few kilometres south from the centre .
Kitava is one of the four major islands in the Trobriand Islands group of Papua New Guinea .
Kempegowda International Airport ( IATA : BLR , ICAO : VOBL ) is an international airport serving the city of Bangalore , Karnataka , India .
Onewhero is a village in the Waikato District , and is part of the Waikato Region in the North Island of New Zealand .
Okhotsk ( Russian : Охотск ; IPA : ( ɐˈxotsk ) ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Okhotsky District of Khabarovsk Krai , Russia , located at the mouth of the Okhota River on the Sea of Okhotsk .
Aïn Tine or Aïn Tinn or Belfort is a town and commune in Mila Province , Algeria .
Conset Bay is a bay on the east coast of Barbados .
Kafr Nan ( Arabic : كفرنان‎ , also spelled Kfarnan ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located north of Homs .
Agawmeder was a historical state and region in the northwestern part of Ethiopia .
Mina Do is a village in Badakhshan Province in northeast Afghanistan .
Caprese Michelangelo is a village and comune in the province of Arezzo , Tuscany , Italy .
Hamitköy is an affluent northern suburb of North Nicosia in Cyprus .
Befandriana - Avaratra ( literally North Befandriana ; also Befandriana - Nord ) is a city and urban commune ( commune urbaine ; Malagasy : kaominina ) in northern Madagascar .
Zaturn is an Intamin AG launched sit down coaster in Space World Japan .
The Lady Young Road is a major roadway in Trinidad and Tobago linking the Eastern Main Road in Barataria to the Queen 's Park Savannah in Port of Spain .
Admont Abbey ( German : Stift Admont ) is a Benedictine monastery located on the Enns River in the town of Admont , Austria .
Sherkat - e Madaras ( Persian : شركت مدرس‎ ) is a village in Kenarshahr Rural District , in the Central District of Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Andøy Bridge ( Norwegian : Andøybrua ) is a cantilever road bridge that crosses the Risøysundet strait between the islands of Andøya and Hinnøya in Nordland county , Norway .
Quakers Hill High School is a school in the Quakers Hill / Parklea area in New South Wales , Australia .
The Esino ( Latin : Aesis ) is a river in the Marche region of central Italy .
Parque España is a park in the Colonia Hipódromo ( neighborhood ) of the Condesa district , in the Cuauhtémoc borough , in west - central Mexico City .
Pasjak ( Italian : Passiacco ) is a village in Croatia , located on the border with Slovenia .
The Arkavati ( also written Arkavathi , Arkavathy ) is an important mountain river in Karnataka , India , originating at Nandi Hills of Chikkaballapura district .
The Goulburn Islands are a group of small islands and islets in the Arafura Sea off the coast of Arnhem Land in Northern Territory of Australia .
Čagošče ( pronounced ( ˈtʃaːɡɔʃtʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement northeast of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
The National Hockey League Players ' Association (; AJLNH ) or NHLPA is the labour union for the group of professional hockey players who are under Standard Player Contracts to the thirty member clubs in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) located in the United States and Canada .
The Jardins de Valloires ( 8 hectares ) are botanical gardens located on the grounds of the 18th century Abbaye de Valloires in Argoules , Somme , Picardy , France .
Kupimierz ( kuˈpimjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Castletroy ( Irish : Caladh an Treoigh ) is a suburb of Limerick , Ireland and is the largest suburb in Munster .
The 1992 Winter Paralympics medal table is a list of National Paralympic Committees ( NPCs ) ranked by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the 1992 Winter Paralympics , held in Albertville and Tignes , France , from March 25 to April 1 , 1992 .
Perwilty ( pɛrˈviltɨ ) ( German : Perwilten ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Drumlažno ( pronounced ( dɾuˈmlaːʒnɔ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Tyszowce ( tɨˈʂɔft͡sɛ ) ( Yiddish : טישעוויץ‎ Tishevitz ) is a town ( since January 1 , 2000 ) in Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , Poland , with 359 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Pohorje ( pronounced ( ˈpoːxɔɾjɛ ) ) , also known as the Pohorje Massif or the Pohorje Mountains ( German : Bachergebirge , Bacherngebirge or often simply Bachern ) , is a mostly wooded , medium - high mountain range south of the Drava River in northeastern Slovenia .
Enniscorthy railway station ( Irish : Stáisiún Inis Córthaidh ) is in County Wexford , Ireland .
Murchison River Gorge is a riverine gorge in Mid West Western Australia .
The Batha River is an ephemeral river in Chad .
Oberá is a city in the interfluvial province of Misiones , Argentina , and the head town of the Oberá Department .
Yelpin ( /jɛlˈpiːn/ ; Armenian : Ելփին ; also Romanized as Yelp’in and Elpin ) is a village community located in the South - West of Armenia in Vayots Dzor province ( marz ) .
Parah Ardeshir - e Jadid ( Persian : پاراه اردشيرجديد‎ , also Romanized as Pārah Ardeshīr - e Jadīd ; also known as Pārah Ardeshīr ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Wereta ( also transliterated as Woreta ) is a town in northern Ethiopia .
Ghunteli is a village in Anand Taluka ( District is also Anand ) , Gujarat State , India .
Nichke is a village in Jalal - Abad Region of the country Kyrgyzstan .
Mordano is a town and comune in Emilia Romagna ( Italy ) , situated in the province of Bologna .
Sufi Kani ( Persian : صوفي كاني‎ , also Romanized as Şūfī Kānī ; also known as Şūfī Kānūn and Sūfī Kānūn ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Kaleybar ( Persian : قشلاق كليبر‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Kaleybar ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Hills Grammar School is an independent , co - educational , non - sectarian , day school located in Kenthurst , a suburb in the Hills district of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Moshonki ( Russian : Мошонки ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Meshchovsky District of Kaluga Oblast , Russia , located 155 kilometers ( 96 mi ) southwest of Moscow River Serena ( A tributary of the Oka tributary Zhizdra ) .
Qeshlaq - e Pavrud ( Persian : قشلاق پاورود‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Pāvrūd ) is a village in Darram Rural District , in the Central District of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Badami Bagh railway station ( Urdu : بادامی باغ ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Badami Bagh , Lahore district , Punjab province , Pakistan .
Mapusa River ( ' Rio de Mapuça ) river is a tributary of the River Mandovi in Goa , India .
Mesari ( Serbian Cyrillic : Месари ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Showt ( Persian : شوط‎ ; also Romanized as Showţ ; also known asShoţ ) is a city in and the capital of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
St. Stephen 's University is a small Christian trans - denominational university located in the town of St. Stephen , New Brunswick , Canada .
Brekkom is a place in Ringebu , which is in Oppland , a county in eastern part of southern Norway .
The Southern Main Road is a major road in Trinidad and Tobago running from Curepe in the north through Chaguanas , Couva and San Fernando to Point Fortin in the south .
Luvian Veto ( abbreviated LuVe ) is a sports club from Luvia , Finland .
Turkmenabat Airport ( IATA : CRZ , ICAO : UTAV ) is an airport in Türkmenabat , Turkmenistan .
Porosłe ( pɔˈrɔswɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Eshkafti ( Persian : اشكفتي‎ , also Romanized as Eshkaftī ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tallinn Synagogue , ( Estonian : Tallinna sünagoog ) , also known as Beit Bella Synagogue , is located in Estonia 's capital city .
Jadovnik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јадовник , pronounced ( jâdɔːʋniːk ) ) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia , on the western edge of Pešter plateau , between towns of Prijepolje and Sjenica .
The Wupper is a right tributary of the River Rhine in the state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Retrenched Barracks was a fortified barracks located at Windmill Hill in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Papatoetoe Intermediate School is an intermediate school ( years 7 - -8 ) in Papatoetoe , a suburb of Manukau Ward , Auckland Region , New Zealand .
Pihla - Kaibaldi Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated on Hiiumaa in western Estonia , in Hiiu County .
Privas ( French : ( pʁi.va ) ) is a commune of France , capital of the Ardèche department .
Umm Gafala is a town in North Kurdufan State in central Sudan , 240 kilometres west of El Obeid .
Rynica ( rɨˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Roderbeck ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Vejgaard is an eastern neighborhood of Aalborg , Denmark .
Paryan - o - Ghundi , or Periano Ghundai , meaning Hill of Fairies , was an archaeological mound located in the Zhob District in Balochistan , Pakistan .
Oskemen Airport or Ust - Kamenogorsk Airport is an airport in Kazakhstan .
The Downs Malvern is an independent co - educational preparatory school in the United Kingdom , founded in 1900 .
Heverlee ( Dutch : ( ˈɦeːvərleː ) ) is a town in Belgium .
The Education Act 1962 gave local education authorities in the United Kingdom a mandate to pay the tuition of students attending full - time first degree ( or comparable ) courses and to provide them with a maintenance grant .
The Okaihau Branch , sometimes known as the Kaikohe Branch and rarely the Rangiahua Branch , was a branch line railway that joined the North Auckland Line of the national rail network of New Zealand at Otiria .
Breidjing Camp is a refugee camp in Chad created in May 2004 for Sudanese refugees from Darfur .
Drawsko Pomorskie ( ˈdrafskɔ pɔˈmɔrskʲɛ ) ( German : Dramburg ) is a town in Drawsko County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland , the administrative seat of Drawsko County and the urban - rural commune of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie .
João Teves is a town in the central part of the island of Santiago , Cape Verde .
The Toluca Valley is a valley in central Mexico , just west of the Valley of Mexico ( Mexico City ) .
Dabnica ( Macedonian : Дабница ) is a village in the Municipality of Prilep , Macedonia .
Højbjerg is a postal district of Aarhus , Denmark .
The Camp de Rivesaltes , also known as Camp Joffre , is a military camp in the commune of Rivesaltes in the department of Pyrénées - Orientales in the South of France .
Voghera railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Voghera ) serves the town and comune of Voghera , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
The Schwarzer Brink is a hill in the Egge , a side ridge of the Wiehen Hills in North Germany .
Lubliniec ( luˈblʲiɲet͡s ) ( German : Lublinitz , 1941 - 45 : Loben ) is a town in southern Poland with 29,359 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Knin ( pronounced ( knîːn ) ) is a city in the Šibenik - Knin County of Croatia , located in the Dalmatian hinterland near the source of the river Krka , an important traffic junction on the rail and road routes between Zagreb and Split .
Golabundan - e Sofla ( Persian : گلابوندان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Golābūndān - e Soflá ; also known as Golāvandān - e Soflá ) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hà Đông is the former capital city of Hà Tây Province in Vietnam , now an urban district of Hanoi .
Pajewo - Cyty ( paˈjɛvɔ ˈt͡sɨtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Umniah ( Arabic : أمنية‎ , meaning : a wish ) is a mobile cellular telecommunication network in Jordan .
Kamloops railway station in Kamloops , British Columbia , Canada is a railway station which acts as the overnight stopover point for the Rocky Mountaineer train service to Jasper , Banff and Calgary ; from Vancouver .
Tang - e Anjir - e Dishmuk ( Persian : تنگ انجيرديشموك‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Anjīr - e Dīshmūk ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Düz Cırdaxan ( also , Diiz Cırdaxan , Dyuzdzhirdakhan , and Dyuzdzhyrdakhan ) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gazeta Shqip is a newspaper published in Albania and part of Top Media Group together with Top Albania Radio , Top Gold Radio , part of pay TV platform DigitAlb , Top News , VGA Studio , My Music Radio , and musical .
The Mango Orange village , officially spelt `` mangorange '' is a small village in the Gudalur district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Conestoga College Institute of Technology and Advanced Learning is a public college based in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada , with an enrollment of 11,000 full - time students , 30,000 part - time students , 3,300 apprenticeship students .
Edneer is a hamlet in the Chengala village of Kasaragod district , Kerala State of India .
Gołębie - Leśniewo ( ɡɔˈwɛmbjɛ lɛɕˈɲɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nagao Beach is a town in Diu district , India , on the edge of the Junagadh district .
The Wheatland Railway Inc. is a Canadian short line railway company operating on trackage in Saskatchewan Canada .
Truskavets ( Ukrainian : Трускавець , translit . Truskavets ' ; Polish : Truskawiec ) is a city in western Ukraine 's Lviv Oblast ( region ) , near the border with Poland .
Czechoslovak Legions Graveyard in Vladivostok ( Czech : Pohřebiště československých legionářů ve Vladivostoku , Russian : Кладбище чехословацких легионеров во Владивостоке ) is a graveyard of the Czechoslovak Legions on the Sea Graveyard in Vladivostok , Russia .
Wrzosowa Polana ( vʐɔˈsɔva pɔˈlana ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Marihueñu or Marigueno is a large hill in the Nahuelbuta Range near the coast in the Lota commune of the Bío Bío Region of southern Chile .
Crooked River Provincial Park is a 970 hectare provincial park in British Columbia , Canada .
The Riuwaka River , formerly known as the Riwaka River , is located in the Nelson region in the northwest of New Zealand 's South Island .
Moqamsiyeh ( Persian : مقامسيه‎ , also Romanized as Moqāmsīyeh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lister , British Columbia is a small community in the Kootenays region of British Columbia , Canada .
Lower Silesian Voivodeship or Lower Silesia Province ( in Polish , województwo dolnośląskie ( vɔjɛˈvut͡stfɔ dɔlnɔˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ ) ) , is one of the 16 voivodeships ( provinces ) into which Poland is currently divided .
Udina ( Russian : Удина ) is a volcanic massif located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Ben Taieb ( Amazigh : Ben Tayeb , ⴱⴻⵏ ⵜⴰⵢⴻⴱ , Arabic : بن الطيب ) is a town in Driouch Province , Oriental , Morocco .
Karmsund is a strait located in Rogaland county , Norway .
Paruchy ( paˈruxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Los Mina is a Sector in the city of Santo Domingo Este in the province of Santo Domingo of the Dominican Republic .
As of 2001 India census , Tirur had a population of 53,650 , of which 48 % are male and 52 % female .
Chartwell Court is a residential tower block in the centre of Brighton , part of the city of Brighton and Hove , United Kingdom .
Jakuszów ( jaˈkuʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ojstrica Castle ( Slovene : Grad Ojstrica , German : Osterwitz , Osterwiz , Osterbitz ) was a castle above the settlement of Loke in the Municipality of Tabor in central Slovenia .
Zdbowo ( ˈzdbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Zwischbergen Pass ( el . 3268 m. ) ( German : Zwischbergenpass ) is a high mountain pass across the eastern Pennine Alps , connecting Saas Almagell and Zwischbergen in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Salluit Airport , ( IATA : YZG , ICAO : CYZG ) , is located near the community of Salluit , Quebec , Canada .
Esplús ( Spanish : ( esˈplus ) ; Catalan : ( əsˈpɫus ) , locally : ( asˈplus ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Darreh Morad ( Persian : دره مراد‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Morād and Darreh - ye Morād ) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Xe Bang Fai River or Nam Xebangfai is a river of Laos .
Belukha Mountain ( Russian : Белуха , lit `` whitey '' ; Altai : Muztau or Üç Sümer ) , located in the Katun Mountains , is the highest peak of the Altai Mountains in Russia .
Palkaneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : پلكانه سفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Palkāneh - ye Soflá ; also known as Palgāneh and Palkāneh ) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District , in the Zagros District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Incheon Tidal Power Station is a large tidal power station currently under construction at the Incheon Bay , South Korea .
Harzel Kuh ( Persian : هرزل كوه‎ , also Romanized as Harzel Kūh ; also known as Harzeleh Kūh ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bixessarri ( Catalan pronunciation : ( biʃəˈsari ) , locally : ( biʃeˈsari ) ) is a village in Andorra , located in the parish of Sant Julià de Lòria .
Battambang ( Khmer : ក្រុងបាត់ដំបង ) or Krong Battambang ( ក្រុងបាត់ដំបង , Battambang City ) is the capital city of Battambang province in north western Cambodia .
Dong Tac Airport ( IATA : TBB , ICAO : VVTH ) ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Đông Tác ) is located just south of Tuy Hòa within the Phú Yên Province , along the central coast of southern Vietnam .
Breg pri Borovnici ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːk pɾi bɔɾɔu̯ˈniːtsi ) ) is a settlement north of Borovnica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Pandit Sundarlal Sharma ( Open ) University Chhattisgarh ( PSSOU ) ( Hindi : पं. सुन्दरलाल शर्मा ( मुक्त ) विश्वविद्यालय छत्तीसगढ़ ) is a state university located in Bilaspur , Chhattisgarh , India .
Laguna Maquenque Wetlands , also the Palustrino Laguna Maquenque Wetlands or the Laguna Maquenque Palustrine Wetlands is a nature reserve , part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area , in the northern part of Costa Rica near the small town of Sardinal , Sarapiqui in the province of Heredia .
The Ministerial and Other Salaries Act 1975 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that governs ministerial salaries .
Panguna is a town and a ( now decommissioned ) copper mine on Bougainville Island , Papua New Guinea .
Kikkajärv ( also Kika järv , Suur - Kikkajärv ) is a lake of Estonia .
Daejin University is a private university in Pocheon City , Gyeonggi province of South Korea .
Tour de Bretagne Cycliste , also known as the Tour de Bretagne trophée des granitiers and formerly known as Ruban Granitier Breton , is an annual early season professional cycling stage race held in late April and early May in Brittany , France .
Sala Chalermkrung Royal Theatre ( Thai : ศาลาเฉลิมกรุง ; rtgs : Sala Chaloem Krung ; literally ' Pavilion of City 's Glory ' ) is a theatre in Bangkok , Thailand .
Moosa Lane ( Urdu : موسی لین ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Lyari Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
The Toronto East Detention Centre often referred to as simply The East , is a maximum security remand facility located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada in the former borough of Scarborough .
Whaleboat Island Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located just southeast of Ruxton Island , to the southeast of the city of Nanaimo .
Catedral Metropolitana Ortodoxa is a cathedral located at 1515 Vergueiro in Paraíso , Vila Mariana , São Paulo , Brazil .
Aurora Cave is a limestone cave , part of the Te Ana - au Caves in Fiordland , in the South Island of New Zealand on the western side of a deep glacial trough containing Lake Te Anau .
Risida is a place located in the district of Kalahandi , Odisha , India at 20.14633 North Latitude and 83.06109 East longitude .
Bhargavi River flows across Odisha , India .
The Aorangiwai River is a small river in the Gisborne district of New Zealand .
Stropkov ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈstropkow ) ; Hungarian : Sztropkó , pronounced ( ˈstropkoː ) , Yiddish : סטראפקאוו‎ ) is a town in Stropkov District , Prešov Region , Slovakia .
The Canton of Puiseaux is a former canton of the Loiret département , in the Centre région , in France .
The Village arboretum de Vernet - les - Bains is an arboretum planted throughout the town of Vernet - les - Bains , Pyrénées - Orientales , Languedoc - Roussillon , France .
Sarrin ( Arabic : صرين‎ , Kurdish : Zêrîn‎ , also spelled Serrin or Sareen ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate , located northeast of Aleppo .
Diyogha is a settlement in the Kavango East Region in the north of Namibia .
Bangar - e Sofla ( Persian : بانگار سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bāngār - e Soflá ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Monti della Laga is a mountain range in the central Apennines of Italy .
Chastel Rouge , also called Qal’at Yahmur قلعة يحمر ( Castle of Yahmur ) is a small Crusader stronghold in the North West of Syria that belonged to the County of Tripoli .
Thalsevana Holiday Resort is a holiday resort on the northern coast of Sri Lanka near the town of Kankesanthurai .
Pinnacles Station is a pastoral lease that once operated as a cattle station and now operates as a sheep station in Western Australia .
The Dobrești mine is a large mine in the northwest of Romania in Bihor County , 55 km southwest of Oradea and 629 km north of the capital , Bucharest .
Clearview Public Library is a public library serving the residents of the Township of Clearview , Simcoe County , Ontario , Canada , and through contracts to the residents of the adjoining townships of Adjala--
Angolo Terme ( Angól in Camunian dialect ) is a comune in Val Camonica , province of Brescia , in Lombardy , Italy .
Neika is a suburb in Tasmania , Australia , to the north - west of Kingston .
Varese Casbeno railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Varese Casbeno ) serves the neighborhood of Casbeno , in the town and comune of Varese , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
Tang Kolureh ( Persian : تنگ كلوره‎ , also Romanized as Tang Kolūreh ) is a village in Armand Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Fleinhausen is a village of the municipality of Dinkelscherben in the western part of the Bavarian district of Augsburg in Germany .
Khenchela Province ( Arabic : ولاية خنشلة‎ , Berber : Tamaẓlayt n Xencelt ) is a province ( wilaya ) of Algeria .
Paragaswewa is a rural village and a fourth - order administrative division located in Kurunegala district , North western province of Sri Lanka .
San Ġwann ( English : Saint John ) is a town in the Central Region of Malta , with a population of 12,523 as of March 2014 .
Kahnanzeh ( Persian : كهنان زه‎ , also Romanized as Kahnānzeh ; also known as Kahanzeh and Kahnazeh ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Więcemierz ( vjɛnˈt͡sɛmjɛʂ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Persiaran APEC is a dual - carriageway avenue in Cyberjaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
Smoky Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNS2 ) , is located 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ; 14 mi ) southwest of Port Loring , Ontario , Canada .
Porbandar Bird Sanctuary is situated in the Porbandar District of Gujarat state , India .
Ehrwald lies at the southern base of the Zugspitze ( 2950 meters above sea level ) , Germany 's highest mountain , but which is shared with Austria .
Andab - e Jadid ( Persian : انداب جديد‎ , also Romanized as Andāb - e Jadīd ; also known as Andāb ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Niseko Volcanic Group is a volcanic group of active stratovolcanoes and lava domes situated in Hokkaidō , Japan .
Rożnowo Nowogardzkie ( rɔʐˈnɔvɔ nɔvɔˈɡart͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Rosenow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Orthon River is a river in the Pando Department of Bolivia and a tributary of river Beni .
Zavoleh - ye Olya ( Persian : زاوله عليا‎ , also Romanized as Zāvoleh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 218 , in 41 families .
Sasstown is a town in the Sasstown District of Grand Kru County , Liberia .
Roztocze National Park ( Polish : Roztoczański Park Narodowy ) is a National Park located in eastern Poland , in Lublin Voivodeship .
São Félix do Araguaia Airport ( IATA : SXO , ICAO : SWFX ) is the airport serving São Félix do Araguaia , Brazil .
Bumrungrad International Hospital ( Thai : โรงพยาบาลบำรุงราษฎร์ , ( roːŋpʰájaːbaːn bamruŋrâːt ) , bahm - roong - RAHT ; SET : BH ) is a multiple - specialty medical centre located in Bangkok , Thailand .
Timeless Records is a jazz record label from The Netherlands .
Odosenlu Alaro is a town in Ijebu side of Ogun State a Yoruba tribe in Nigeria .
Ab Zahli ( Persian : اب زهلي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Zahlī ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dalahu County ( Persian : شهرستان دالاهو‎ ) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran , part of what is unofficially referred to as Iranian Kurdistan .
Plitvice Lakes National Park ( Croatian : Nacionalni park Plitvička jezera , colloquial Plitvice , pronounced ( plîtʋitse ) ) is one of the oldest national parks in Southeast Europe and the largest national park in Croatia .
Vakka - Suomi is a sub - region within Southwest Finland region .
In 1983 the form was changed back to Quadra Mountain by British Columbia and Alberta , and in 1984 by Parks Canada .
Pir Shahid ( Persian : پيرشهيد‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Shahīd ) is a village in Golian Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Hamgyong Mountains ( Gangbaekjeonggan ) is a mountainous range running northeastward for 350 km in the northeastern part of North Korea .
The Eddystone , or the Eddystone Rocks , are a seaswept and heavily eroded group of rocks situated some 9 statute miles ( 14 kilometres ) south west of Rame Head in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Pattullo Range is a subrange of the Hazelton Mountains , located south of Tesla Lake and northeast of Bella Coola in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Kirants Monastery is an 8th - century Armenian monastery located about 10 kilometers southwest of Kirants village in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Caratoola Recreation Park is a protected area located about 0.5 kilometres ( 0.31 mi ) north of the town of Haslam and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north of the town of Streaky Bay in South Australia .
Kirlyay ( Russian : Кирляй ) is a village in Kovylkinsky District of the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Berekhya ( Hebrew : בֶּרֶכְיָה ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Laiko Vima ( Greek : Λαϊκό Βήμα , `` People 's Tribune '' ) is a bi - weekly newspaper published in Gjirokastër , that serves the local Greek communities in Albania .
Dacun Station ( Chinese : 大村車站 ; pinyin : Dàcūn Chēzhàn ) is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Dacun Township , Changhua County , Taiwan .
The Royal Historical Society of Queensland ( RHSQ ) is a historical society founded in Brisbane , Australia in 1913 .
Lakhueen - jo - daro is an archeological site belonging to Indus Valley Civilization , located in Sindh , Pakistan .
Oparić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Опарић ) is village in Central Serbia , in the municipality of Rekovac ( Region of Levač ) .
Siemuszowa ( ɕemuˈʂɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Семушова , Semushova ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Secondigliano is a relatively modern suburb in the north of Naples , in southern Italy .
Kamalasagar is an artificial lake in Tripura , India , constructed by King Dhanya Manikya of Tripura in the 15th century and is a popular spot for picnickers .
Mestanza is a town in Spain , in the province of Ciudad Real , which belongs to the community or region of Castilla - La Mancha .
Nevelsk ( Russian : Не́вельск ; Japanese : 本斗 , Honto ) is a port town and the administrative center of Nevelsky District of Sakhalin Oblast , Russia , located on the southwest coast of the Sakhalin Island , 123 kilometers ( 76 mi ) from Yuzhno - Sakhalinsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Dong Maha Wan ( Thai : ดงมหาวัน ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Wiang Chiang Rung District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Wunna Theikdi Stadium ( Burmese : ဝဏ္ဏသိဒ္ဒိ အားကစားကွင်း ) is a multi - use stadium in Naypyidaw , Myanmar .
The Belen Pass ( Turkish : Belen Geçidi ) , also known as the Syrian Gates , is a mountain pass located in the Belen District of Hatay Province in south - central Turkey .
Mutsamudu ( population 30 000 ) is the second largest city in the Comoros , founded in 1482 .
Saxa Rubra was a village and station on the Roman Flaminian Way , 9 miles ( 14 km ) from Rome , Italy .
Bjargtangar is the westernmost point of Iceland and is considered the westernmost point of Europe outside the mid - Atlantic archipelago of Azores ( which are often classified as remote islands ) .
The Choir Practice formed in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada in the spring of 2005 .
Zańków ( ˈzaɲkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
According to the Office for National Statistics , at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Nowton had a population of 131 with 59 households .
The Vasukiganga River flows through Uttarakhand , India .
Khrystynivka ( Ukrainian : Христи́нівка ; Russian : Христи́новка , Khristinovka ) is a city in Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Andrychy ( anˈdrɨxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chumelan ( Persian : چوملان‎ , also Romanized as Chūmelān ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Arshatnab ( Persian : ارشتناب‎ , also Romanized as Arshatnāb ) is a village in Qurigol Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Haarlem Basketball Week was a friendly basketball tournament held in Haarlem , Netherlands from 1982 till 2008 .
Porto Alegre Futebol Clube , usually known simply as Porto Alegre , is a Brazilian football club from Porto Alegre , Brazil .
Ayutthaya Province Stadium ( Thai : สนามกีฬากลางจังหวัดพระนครศรีอยุธยา ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Ayutthaya province ( full name Phra Nakhon Si Ayuttaya ) , Thailand .
The Hochfeiler ( Italian : Gran Pilastro ; German : Hochfeiler ) is a mountain , 3,510 metres high , and the highest peak in the Zillertal Alps on the border between Tyrol , Austria , and South Tyrol , Italy .
Iggy 's is a restaurant in Singapore which serves Modern European cuisine .
Cañapa Lake ( Laguna Cañapa ) is an endorheic salt lake in the Potosí Department of southeastern Bolivia .
Port Hacking ( Aboriginal Tharawal language : Deeban ) , an open youthful tide dominated , drowned valley estuary , is located in southern Sydney , New South Wales , Australia approximately 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south of Sydney central business district .
Manchester Ship Canal Police ( also known as Manchester Dock Police and the Port of Manchester Police ) was a police force in the United Kingdom that was responsible for policing the Manchester Ship Canal .
Los Colonizadores Airport ( IATA : RVE , ICAO : SKSA ) is an airport in Saravena , Colombia .
Castle Downs Road is an arterial road in north - west Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Sel is a village in the municipality of Sel , Norway , often referred to as Nord - Sel to avoid ambiguity .
Band Barik ( Persian : بندباريك‎ , also Romanized as Band Bārīk ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Omani territory of Madha ( Arabic : مدحاء‎ ) or Wadi Madha is an exclave of Oman , surrounded by the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Hasushaki ( Persian : حسوشكي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasūshakī ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Joquicingo is a town and municipality in Mexico State in Mexico .
Nashtarud ( Persian : نشتارود‎ , also Romanized as Nashtārūd , Nashtā Rūd , Neshtā Rūd , and Nashtarood ) is a city in and the capital of Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
La Ventosilla is a large `` country house '' near Burgos in Spain that was built at the start of the seventeenth century for Juan Fernandez de Velasco , the Constable of Castille .
Kolonia Nadwiślańska ( kɔˈlɔɲa nadviˈɕlaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gowy Daraq - e Sofla ( Persian : گوي درق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gowy Daraq - e Soflá ; also known as Gowy Daraq - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
War Hill ( Irish : Cnoc an Bhairr , meaning `` Hill of the summit '' ) is a mountain in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Balande ( also Jaunā māja ) is a village in Alsunga Municipality in the historical region of Courland in Latvia .
Machhermo is a small village in the Khumbu region of Nepal .
In the summer of 2008 , parallel to the 2008 European Football Championship in Austria and Switzerland was , of karlsplatz.org the Karlsplatz Art Zone aligned .
M. A. Aziz Stadium ( Bengali : এম এ আজিজ স্টেডিয়াম ; also known as Chittagong Stadium ) is a multipurpose stadium in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
Vilnius University Hospital Santariškių Klinikos ( Lithuanian : Vilniaus Universiteto ligoninės Santariškių klinikos ) in Vilnius , Lithuania is a teaching hospital of the Vilnius University Faculty of Medicine .
Ventspils Gymnasium No.1 ( Latvian : Ventspils 1 . ģimnāzija ) is a secondary school located in Ventspils , Latvia .
Keratea ( Greek : Κερατέα ) is a town in East Attica , Greece .
Pamilacan is an island in the Bohol Sea , situated 12.5 kilometres ( 7.8 mi ) south of Bohol island , Philippines .
Since their first concerts in Saint - Boniface in Manitoba , Les Surveillantes have been performing all over Canada .
Paldiski South Harbour is a cargo harbour located in Paldiski , Estonia , 45 km west of the capital city Tallinn .
Yaharlu ( Persian : يهرلو‎ , also Romanized as Yaharlū ; also known as Yaharlī ) is a village in Karaftu Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Letnitsa ( Bulgarian : Летница , also transliterated Letnitza , Letnica ) is a town in central northern Bulgaria , part of Lovech Province .
The Merville Gun Battery was a coastal fortification in Normandy , France , in use as part of the Nazis ' Atlantic Wall built to defend continental Europe from Allied invasion .
Cape Kidnappers Golf Course is an 18 hole course near Te Awanga , Hawkes Bay , New Zealand .
The Matadero River ( or Cuenca River ) is a river of Ecuador .
Carlstad was a short lived fortified town in Denmark built by the forces of King Charles X Gustav of Sweden during his siege of the Danish capital , Copenhagen , 1658 - 1660 .
The Ahwaz Ridge is a very narrow outcrop of rocky hills that extend from northwest near the town of Amarah on the Tigris in Iraq , southeast to the town of Ramhormoz , bisecting the Iranian province of Khuzistan in two .
Ogea Levu ( pronounced ( oˈŋea ˈleβu ) ) is a coral island on a barrier reef in Fiji 's Southern Lau archipelago .
Downtown Montreal is the central business district of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Hənifə ( also , Ganifa and Ganit ; Avar : ХIанапилросу ) is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Lullusglocke is the oldest datable cast bell in Germany .
Lac - Bouchette railway station is an optional Via Rail stopover , indicated only by a signpost , in the village of Lac - Bouchette , Quebec , Canada .
Antonovo ( Bulgarian : Антоново ) is a town in the Targovishte Province of northeastern Bulgaria .
Podzałuki ( pɔd͡zaˈwuki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Khorramdeh - e Gharbi ( Persian : خرم ده غربي‎ , also Romanized as Khorramdeh - e Gharbī ; also known as Kharakī - ye Barbarhā , Kharakī , and Kharāqi ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kamaraj Nagar ( Tamil : காமராஜ் நகர் ) is a residential area of Pondicherry Town in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Qeshlaq - e Jitu ( Persian : قشلاق جيتو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Jītū , Qeshlāq - e Jūtū , and Qeshlāq Jūtū ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jitu Rural District , in the Central District of Qarchak County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Crne Lokve ( Serbian : Црне Локве ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tankaman Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تنكمان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
College 's Crossing ( also known as Colleges Crossing ) is a low level bridge that crosses Brisbane River at Chuwar , a suburb of Ipswich in South East Queensland , Australia .
The Dunedin Railways ( formerly the Taieri Gorge Railway and the Otago Excursion Train Trust ) is an operator of a railway line and tourist trains based at Dunedin Railway Station in the South Island of New Zealand .
India 's largest abattoir is located in Deonar .
Tell Safouk ( Arabic : تل صفوك‎ ) is a town in southern al - Hasakah Governorate , northeastern Syria .
Zerikhan ( Persian : زري خان‎ , also Romanized as Zerīkhān ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Almosi ( Persian : الماسی ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
The 10:23 Campaign is an awareness and protest campaign against homoeopathy organised by the Merseyside Skeptics Society , a non - profit organisation , to oppose the sale of homoeopathic products in the United Kingdom .
Lipusz ( ˈlipuʂ ) ( German : Lippusch ; Kashubian : Lëpùsz ) is a village in Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aqupallqa ( Quechua aqu sand , pallqa , p'allqa , p'alqa forked , branched , fork , bifurcation , `` sand bifurcation '' , hispanicized spellings Acopalca , Acospalca ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Central in the Andes of Peru , about 5,445 metres ( 17,864 ft ) high .
The Petit train de la Rhune is a metre gauge rack railway in France at the western end of the Pyrenees .
Govindghat is a town in Chamoli district , Uttarakhand , India , located at the confluence of the Alaknanda and Lakshman Ganga rivers .
The BP Structure , also known as Gebel Dalma , is an exposed impact crater in Libya .
Kapilavastu ( Nepali ; Pali : Kapilavatthu ) , formerly Taulihawa , is a municipality and administrative center of Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal .
Hardanger is a traditional district in the western part of Norway , dominated by the Hardangerfjord and its inner branches of the Sørfjorden and Eidfjorden .
Inhacamba ( Ilha Inhacamba ) is an island in Mozambique .
SolarWorld has received German Sustainability Award in the category of `` Germany 's Most Sustainable Production 2008 '' .
Fijeroga ( pronounced ( fijɛˈɾoːɡa ) ) is a small settlement near Koštabona in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew ( brand name Kew ) is a non - departmental public body in the United Kingdom sponsored by the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs .
Uruguayan Canadians are Canadian citizens of Uruguayan descent or persons of Uruguayan descent residing in Canada .
The Gouina Hydroelectric Plant is a run - of - the - river - type hydroelectric installation currently being constructed on Gouina Falls along the Senegal River in Mali .
Biskupiec - Kolonia Druga ( bisˈkupjɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ˈdruɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Namibplaas mine is a proposed large open pit mine located in the western part of Namibia in Erongo Region .
RTÉ One ( Irish : RTÉ a hAon ) is the flagship television channel of Raidió Teilifís Éireann ( RTÉ ) , and it is the most popular and most watched television channel in Ireland .
The Battle of Brześć Litewski ( also known as the Siege of Brześć , Battle of Brest - Litovsk or simply Battle of Brześć ) was a World War II battle involving German and Polish forces that took place between 14 and 17 September 1939 , near the town of Brześć Litewski ( now Brest , Belarus ) .
Mtwara Airport ( IATA : MYW , ICAO : HTMT ) is an airport in southern Tanzania serving the town of Mtwara .
Greek National Road 90 ( Greek : Βόρειος Οδικός Άξονας Κρήτης , ΒΟΑΚ , Crete Northern Highway ) is a national highway of Greece .
Sukhota ( Ukrainian : Сухота ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Shkhara ( Georgian : შხარა ) , is the highest point in the nation of Georgia .
Latoszyn ( laˈtɔʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Fassa Valley ( Ladin : Val de Fascia , Italian : Val di Fassa , German : Fassatal ) is a valley in the Dolomites in Trentino , northern Italy .
The United Kingdom Space Agency ( commonly known as the UK Space Agency or UKSA ) is an executive agency of the Government of the United Kingdom , responsible for the United Kingdom 's civil space programme .
Śródmieście - Zachód is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Szczecin , Poland , in Śródmieście ( Centre ) District .
An Lập is a commune ( xã ) and village in Sơn Động District , Bắc Giang Province , in northeastern Vietnam .
New Asyut ( Arabic : أسيوط الجديدة‎ ) is a city in Asyut Governorate , Egypt .
The St. John the Baptist Parish ( colloquially , Pinaglabanan Church ; Filipino : Parokya nI San Juan Bautista ) , is a 19th - century Roman Catholic church in San Juan , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Bell Island Airport ( TC LID : CCV4 ) , is located on Bell Island , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Nikumaroro , or Gardner Island , is part of the Phoenix Islands , Kiribati , in the western Pacific Ocean .
Serpukhov-15 ( Russian : Серпухов-15 ) is a military townlet near Kurilovo in Kaluga Oblast which is the location of the western control centre for Russia 's Oko satellites .
Ruhland ( Sorbian : Rólany ) is a town in the Oberspreewald - Lausitz district , in southern Brandenburg , Germany .
Lake Yalchik ( Russian : Яльчик , Meadow Mari : Ялчык , Jalčik ) is the largest lake in Mari El , Russia , located in the Marii Chodra national park .
Beheći ( Serbian : Бехећи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Aripuanã Airport ( IATA : AIR , ICAO : SWRP ) is the airport serving Aripuanã , Brazil .
Yamasá is a municipality ( municipio ) of the Monte Plata province in the Dominican Republic .
Kurów Wielki ( ˈkuruf ˈvjɛlki ) ( German : Großkauer ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaworzyce , within Polkowice County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Dukovany Nuclear Power Station is a nuclear power plant ( NPP ) near Dukovany , a village in the Czech Republic .
Roi Et Airport ( Thai : ท่าอากาศยานร้อยเอ็ด ) ( IATA : ROI , ICAO : VTUV ) is an airport serving Roi Et , the capital city of Roi Et Province , Thailand .
The Province of Trieste ( Italian : Provincia di Trieste , Slovene : Tržaška pokrajina ) is a province in the autonomous Friuli - Venezia Giulia region of Italy .
The Théâtre National de la rue de la Loi was a Parisian theatre located across from the Bibliothèque Nationale de France on the rue de la Loi , which was the name of the rue de Richelieu from 1793 to 1806 .
Beihu Station ( Chinese : 北湖車站 ; pinyin : Běihú Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Hukou Township , Hsinchu County , Taiwan .
Sužid ( pronounced ( suˈʒiːt ) ) is a village near Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Austefjorden is a fjord arm off of the Voldsfjorden in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Storholmen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Storholmen fyr ) is an active lighthouse in the municipality of Giske in Møre og Romsdal county on the west coast of Norway .
Hyatt Regency Chennai is a five - star luxury hotel located on Anna Salai at Teynampet in Chennai , India .
Smolyan Province ( Bulgarian : Област Смолян - Oblast Smolyan , former name Smolyan okrug ) is a province in Southern - central Bulgaria , located in the Rhodope Mountains , neighbouring Greece to the south .
Sozo Water Park is a water park located in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
Nyinahin is a bauxite mining community and small town and is the capital of Atwima Mponua , a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
Girukala is a village which is located in Afghanistan .
The Örgryte Old Church ( Swedish : Örgryte gamla kyrka ) is a church building in Örgryte in Gothenburg , Sweden .
The Republican Party of Liberty ( French : Parti républicain de la liberté , PRL ) was a right - wing French political party founded after the Liberation of France on 22 December 1945 by Joseph Laniel , André Mutter , Édouard Frédéric - Dupont and Jules Ramarony .
Rijnsburgse Boys are a football club from Rijnsburg in the Netherlands .
Pasłęk ( ( ˈpaswɛŋk ) ; German : Preußisch Holland , `` Prussian Holland '' ) is a town in the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland , with 12,195 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Golasecca is a town and comune in the province of Varese , Lombardy ( northern Italy ) .
The Suresnes American Cemetery and Memorial is a United States military cemetery in the Suresnes ( Hauts - de - Seine ) , France .
The Rothesay railway station is one of the oldest standing railway stations in Canada , built between 1858 and 1860 .
Archaruniq was a region and family of the old Armenia c. 300 - 800 .
Mareghan Kand ( Persian : مرغان كند‎ , also Romanized as Mareghān Kand ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gashiraz ( Persian : گشيراز‎ , also Romanized as Gashīrāz ) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Møsnuken is a mountain in the municipality of Os in Hordaland county , Norway .
HaYogev ( Hebrew : הַיּוֹגֵב , lit . The Farmer ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
The Løkken Mine is and underground pyrite mine located in the municipality of Meldal in Sør - Trøndelag , Norway .
Lake Klopein ( German : Klopeiner See , Slovene : Klopinjsko jezero ) is a lake near the town of Völkermarkt located within the municipality of Sankt Kanzian in Carinthia , Austria .
Yihuang County ( simplified Chinese : 宜黄县 ; traditional Chinese : 宜黃縣 ; pinyin : Yíhuáng Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Vavakkad is a village situated along the northern border of Ernakulam District , Paravur taluk , Kerala , South India .
Iglesia de San Pedro ( Alles ) is a historic church in Asturias , Spain , established in 1787 .
Stare Lipiny ( ˈstarɛ liˈpinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
An École des Beaux - Arts ( French pronunciation : ​(ekɔl de bozaʁ ) , School of Fine Arts ) is one of a number of influential art schools in France .
Bad Windsheim is a small historic city in Bavaria , Germany .
Hagen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈhaːɡən ) ) is the 41st - largest city in Germany , located in the federal state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
The 2007 Hastings Direct International Championships was a women 's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Eastbourne Tennis Centre in Eastbourne in the United Kingdom that was part of Tier II of the 2007 WTA Tour .
Team Vorarlberg ( UCI Team Code : VBG ) is a cycling team based in Austria .
Elisabeta Palace ( Romanian : Palatul Elisabeta ) is a palace on Kiseleff Road , Bucharest , built in 1936 , is the official residence in Romania of the Romanian Royal Family where Crown Princess Margareta and her husband Prince Radu currently reside .
Mount Kent - Urquhart is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 16 km ( 10 mi ) southeast of Gold River and 11 km ( 7 mi ) west of Golden Hinde .
Ballymahon ( Irish : Baile Uí Mhatháin , meaning `` Mahon 's town '' ) on the River Inny is a town in the southern part of County Longford , Ireland .
Selent / Schlesen is an Amt ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district of Plön , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Bjørhusdal Church ( Norwegian : Bjørhusdal kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Nausherwani tombs or Noshirwani tombs are located near Qila Ladgasht in Mashkel tehsil , Kharan District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Bobrovytsia ( Ukrainian : Бобровиця , Polish : Bobrowica , Russian : Бобровица ) is a city in Chernihiv Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Kozubszczyzna ( kɔzupʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The West Coast Main Line ( WCML ) is a major inter - city railway route in the United Kingdom .
Bad Mergentheim 's fortunes were reversed in 1826 , when a shepherd by the name of Franz Gehring discovered rich mineral springs in the surrounding area , during the time when spas were expanding in Germany at a rapid pace .
The Learning and Skills Development Agency ( LSDA ) was a publicly funded body in the United Kingdom that supported further education in England .
The Southern Metropolitan Football League ( SMFL ) was an Australian rules football competition based in the southern suburbs of Adelaide , South Australia until it folded at the end of the 1986 season .
The American University of Rome ( commonly referred to as AUR ) is a degree - granting American university in Rome , Italy .
The Vlahna mine is a large mine located in northern Albania in Kukës County , 256 kilometres ( 159 mi ) north - east of the capital , Tirana .
Armed Forces Nursing Academy is a college located in Yuseong - gu , South Korea .
Vittoria Light ( Italian : Faro della Vittoria ) also known as the Victory Lighthouse , is an active lighthouse in Trieste , Italy , serving the Gulf of Trieste .
Orlando East Public Library is the oldest library in Soweto in South Africa .
The Tzeo River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , flowing generally south out of the Pacific Ranges into the head of Owikeno Lake .
The San Isidro Labrador Parish Church ( Spanish : Iglesia Parroquial de San Isidro Labrador ) , commonly known as Lazi Church , is a Roman Catholic church in the municipality of Lazi , Siquijor , Philippines within the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Dumaguete .
Merimasku ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈmeriˌmɑsku ) ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Nemagerd ( Persian : نماگرد‎ , also Romanized as Nemāgerd ; also known as Namājerd and Nimagird ) is a village in Varzaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mpulungu is a town in the Northern Province of Zambia , at the southern tip of Lake Tanganyika .
Picpus Cemetery ( French : Cimetière de Picpus ) is the largest private cemetery in Paris , France , located in the 12th arrondissement .
Eidsbugarden is a tourist center which lies at the western end of Lake Bygdin in the Jotunheimen mountain range on the outskirts of Jotunheim National Park in Oppland , Norway .
Prečín ( Hungarian : Soltészperecsény ) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region in north - western Slovakia .
Glashedy Island ( Irish : Glaiséidí ) is a rock island approximately 1.6 kilometres ( 1 mi ) from Pollan Bay in Ballyliffin , and about 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) south of Malin Head , Donegal , Ireland .
Dakhla Airport ( IATA : VIL , ICAO : GMMH / GSVO ) is an airport serving Dakhla ( also known as Dajla or ad - Dakhla , formerly Villa Cisneros ) , a city in Western Sahara , disputed south province of Morocco .
Tomb KV3 , located in Egypt 's Valley of the Kings , was intended for the burial of an unidentified son of Pharaoh Ramesses III during the early part of the Twentieth Dynasty .
National Steel Car is the largest manufacturer of rolling stock in Canada , based in Hamilton , Ontario .
Vista Alegre do Prata ( lit . Joyous View of Silver ) is a municipality of the northeastern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Baliqayeh ( Persian : بالي قايه‎ , also Romanized as Bālīqāyeh ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Svoge ( Bulgarian : Своге , read & pronounced `` Svogé '' ) is a town in western Bulgaria , part of Sofia Province .
Aba Segud Airport ( IATA : JIM , ICAO : HAJM ) , also known as Jimma Airport , is an airport serving Jimma , a city in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia .
Hudeje ( pronounced ( xuˈdɛːjɛ ) or ( xuˈdeːjɛ ) ) is a settlement north of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Asmai Heights are a mountain range within Kabul Province on the outskirts of Kabul City , Afghanistan .
Ago Iwoye is a town in Ijebu North Local Government Area of Ogun State , Nigeria .
Hotel Impala , also known as Aparthotel Impala is a hotel in Malabo , Equatorial Guinea .
The Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México ( Mexico Autonomous Institute of Technology ) , commonly known as ITAM , is a private Ph . D .- granting research university located in Mexico City , Mexico .
Anadiou ( Greek : Αναδιού ) is a largely deserted Turkish Cypriot village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km northeast of Fyti .
Luokė ( Polish : Łukniki ) is a town in Telšiai County , Lithuania .
Etisalat University College is a private university for men that was established by Etisalat for engineering and is located in the Sharjah , United Arab Emirates , with programs in Engineering and Applied Sciences .
The North European Plain covers the territories of Belgium , the Netherlands , Germany , Denmark , and Poland ; it touches the Czech Republic and southwestern part of Sweden as well .
Nieciki ( ɲeˈt͡ɕiki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Stade Vélodrome de Rocourt , also known as Stade Jules Georges , was a multi - use stadium in Liège , Belgium .
Przybroda ( pʂɨˈbrɔda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Psyzh ( Russian : Псыж ) is a rural locality ( an aul ) in Abazinsky District of the Karachay - Cherkess Republic , Russia .
Doorndraai Dam is a buttress type dam on the Sterk River , Mogalakwena River basin , located near Mokopane , Limpopo , South Africa .
Haystack Island is an island located in Investigator Strait off the south coast of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia about 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) south - west of Stenhouse Bay .
The old Thonburi Railway Station , originally known as Bangkok Noi Railway Station , is a former railway station in Bangkok , Thailand .
Guldholm Abbey ( German : Güldenholm ) was a short - lived Cistercian monastery on the Langsee near Böklund , formerly in Denmark , now in Schleswig - Holstein in Germany .
Fogueteiro is a locality of the parish of Amora , in the municipality of Seixal , Lisbon Metropolitan Area , Portugal .
Cold Driven was a hard rock band from Armstrong , Canada .
Godki ( ˈɡɔtki ) ( German : Gottken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology ( NIET ) is a college of engineering in Greater Noida , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Sasso Marconi is a town and comune of the province of Bologna in northern Italy , 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) south - southwest of Bologna .
The Atacama people , known as atacameños or atacamas in Spanish and kunzas , likan - antai or likanantaí in the native language , are an indigenous people from the Atacama Desert and altiplano region in the north of Chile and Argentina and southern Bolivia .
Jarwa is a village in the Uttar Pradesh province of northern India 5 kilometres south of the border with Nepal at Koilabas .
The Adelaide Institute is a Holocaust denial group in Australia and is considered to be anti - Semitic by the Australian government 's human rights commission .
Kitsman Raion ( Ukrainian : Кіцманський район ) is an administrative raion ( district ) in the southern part of Chernivtsi Oblast in western Ukraine , on the Romanian border .
Shahid Bahonar University of Kerman ( SBUK ) is a research institution and university of engineering and science in Iran , offering both undergraduate and postgraduate studies .
The Workplace Authority has been superseded by the Fair Work Ombudsman and Fair Work Australia ( since renamed the Fair Work Commission ) as of 1 July 2009 .
Hedehusene is a suburban town located on the rail line between Copenhagen and Roskilde in the Capital Region of Denmark .
In a government context , Westminster often refers to the Parliament of the United Kingdom , which is located in the UNESCO World Heritage Palace of Westminster - also known as the Houses of Parliament .
Nad Al Hammar ( Arabic : ند الحمر‎ ) is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Bali Nagar is a medium - high dem residential colony located in West of New Delhi , India .
Niagara Falls Transit operates the public transport bus services in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada .
Kalinówka Królewska ( kaliˈnufka kruˈlɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mačkovec pri Dvoru ( pronounced ( matʃˈkɔːʋəts pɾi ˈdʋɔːɾu ) or ( matʃˈkoːʋəts pɾi ˈdʋɔːɾu ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Kholat Syakhl , a transliteration in Russian of Holatchahl , meaning `` Dead Mountain '' in Mansi ( lit . Мёртвая гора Myortvaya gora in Russian ) is a mountain in the northern Ural region of Russia .
Tula State University ( TSU ) ( Russian : Ту́льский госуда́рственный университе́т , ТулГУ ) is the biggest state university in Tula , Central Russia .
Malalane ( formerly Malelane ) is a farming town in Mpumalanga , South Africa situated on the N4 national highway .
Poběžovice u Přelouče is very small village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Wachwa ( Quechua for Andean goose , hispanicized spelling Huachhua ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,300 metres ( 17,388 ft ) high .
Montreal Clock Tower ( Tour de l'Horloge ) is located in Quai de l'Horloge , originally called the Victoria Pier , in the Old Port of Montreal in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon is an aesthetic trend in the Mudéjar style , which is centered in Aragon ( Spain ) and has been recognized in some representative buildings as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO .
Bērzgale parish ( Latvian : Bērzgales pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality , Latvia .
Kochegarovo ( Russian : Кочегарово ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of three settlements , in addition to Daban and Cherendey , in Dabansky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Kršlje ( Cyrillic : Кршље ) is a village in Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Brdów ( brduf ) ( German : Seestetten ) is a big village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bouclair Inc. is a Canadian privately owned company and a lifestyle brand that offers home fashion and decor products including furniture , window coverings , bedding , lighting , home accents , wall décor and seasonal products through its own retail stores across Canada and online .
O'Moore Park ( Irish : Páirc Uí Mhórdha ) is a GAA stadium in Portlaoise , County Laois , Ireland .
Victoria Fjord or Victoria Inlet is a large fjord in northern Greenland .
Biskupia Wola ( bisˈkupja ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Maja Vukoces is a mountain in northern Albania in the Prokletije with a height of 2,450 m .
Asfaran ( Persian : اسفاران‎ , also Romanized as Asfārān ) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Sidoarjo mud flow or Lapindo mud ( informally abbreviated as Lusi , a contraction of Lumpur Sidoarjo wherein lumpur is the Indonesian word for mud ) is the result of an erupting mud volcano in the subdistrict of Porong , Sidoarjo in East Java , Indonesia that has been in eruption since May 2006 .
Dehqonobod ( Persian : دهقان‌آباد ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Smorzewo ( smɔˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lotofaga is a village on the south coast of Upolu island in Samoa .
Los Arabos ( Spanish for `` The Arabs '' ) is a municipality and town in the Matanzas Province of Cuba .
Rudziska ( ruˈd͡ʑiska ) ( German : Rudzisken ; 1928 - -1945 : Rudau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kalmar Verkstad AB ( KVAB ) was a Swedish train and automobile manufacturer in Kalmar , Sweden that made the Tjorven and Terminal .
Zevenhuizen - Moerkapelle ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
The Wanganui Branch is a 5.00 km branch line railway in the Manawatu - Wanganui region of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Espace Métal is a museum located in the ancient Charcoal Hall at Grossouvre , near to St Amand Monrond in the Cher department in the Centre region of France .
St. Peter 's College Tororo ( SPCT ) , also known as Tororo College , is an all - boys boarding school covering grades 8 -13 in Eastern Uganda .
Sand - e Nur Mohammad ( Persian : سندنورمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Sand - e Nūr Moḩammad ; also known as Sand , Sand Bāhū , Sand - e Bāhū , and Sīşad ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kyungpook National University Law School is one of the professional graduate schools of Kyungpook National University , located in Daeju , South Korea .
Ahan Sar ( Persian : اهن سر‎ , also Romanized as Āhan Sar ; also known as Āfensar and Ākhen Sar ) is a village in Larijan - e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dacia Hotel , located in Satu Mare , Romania , was built at the beginning of the 20th century , on the site of the previous town hall .
The DBI Sports Complex ( Malay : Kompleks Sukan Dewan Bandaraya Ipoh ) is a multi - use sports complex in Ipoh , Perak , Malaysia .
Seh Boni ( Persian : سه بني‎ , also Romanized as Seh Bonī ; also known as Sabūnī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Igrim ( Russian : Игрим ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Beryozovsky District of Khanty - Mansi Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located on the right bank of the Severnaya Sosva River ( a tributary of the Malaya Ob ) .
Eichstätt ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaɪçʃtɛt ) , formerly also Eichstädt or Aichstädt ) is a town in the federal state of Bavaria , Germany , and capital of the district of Eichstätt .
Studenten Techniek In Politiek ( STIP ) ( English : Technology Students In Politics ) is a local political party in the Netherlands .
Corps Rhenania Heidelberg is a member Corps of the Kösener Senioren - Convents - Verband , the oldest association of student fraternities in Germany , Austria and Switzerland .
Ząbki ( ˈzɔmpki ) is a town in central Poland with 23,277 inhabitants ( 2005 ) .
Bitola ( Macedonian : Битола ( ˈbitɔɫa ) known also by several alternative names ) is a city in the southwestern part of the Republic of Macedonia .
Dodoni Province was the largest of the four provinces of Ioannina Prefecture of Greece .
Lalomalava is a village at the southeast end of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Korosi is a shield volcano located in the Gregory Rift at the northern end of Lake Baringo , Kenya .
Sarouja ( Arabic : ساروجة‎ ) is a municipality of Damascus , Syria , due north of the Old City .
Hidas ( Croatian : Idoš ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Brekov Castle ( Slovak Brekovský hrad , Hungarian Barkó vára ) is a ruined Gothic and Renaissance era stone castle above the village of Brekov in Humenné District , Prešov Region , Slovakia .
Çökəkoba ( also , Çökəkova and Chokakoba ; Avar : Чукак ) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Mirovo mine is a large salt mine located in eastern Bulgaria in Veliko Tarnovo Province .
Charneca de Caparica ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʃɐɾˈnɛkɐ dɐ kɐpɐˈɾikɐ ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Almada , Lisbon Metropolitan Area , Portugal .
Kribul ( Bulgarian : Крибул , old version : Krabul ) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria .
Balahzar ( Persian : بلهزار‎ , also Romanized as Balahzār and Baleh Zār ) is a village in Sarrud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Grey Nuns Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in the Mill Woods area of south Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Będzino ( bɛnˈd͡ʑinɔ ) ( German : Alt Banzin ) is a village in Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mowtowr - e Gol Mohammad Naruyi ( Persian : موتورگل محمدنارويي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Gol Moḩammad Nārūyī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Galiano Island is one of the Southern Gulf Islands between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland of British Columbia , Canada .
Stråholmen is a small island off the coast of Kragerø and Bamble in southern Telemark , Norway .
Space for Life ( French : Espace pour la vie ) is a museum district in Montreal , Quebec , Canada that brings together the city 's four most prominent natural museums : the Montreal Biodome , the Montreal Insectarium , the Montreal Botanical Garden and the Rio Tinto Alcan Planetarium .
Vadaperumbakkam ( Tamil : வடபெரும்பாக்கம் ) , is a developing residential area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India
Krbavica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Крбавица ) is a village in Croatia , located in Lika near Korenica .
Adarsh Vidya Kendra is a school located in India .
Qarayevkənd ( also , Karayevka and Karayevkend ) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Roitika ( Greek : Ροΐτικα ) is a village in the municipal unit of Paralia , Achaea , Greece .
Godobjiran is a town in the northeastern Nugal province of Somalia .
The Col de Turini ( el . 1607 m ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes - Maritimes in France .
Bobo - Tiénigbé ( also spelled Bobo - Tieningboué ) is a village in north - central Ivory Coast .
The Kapiskau River is a river in the far northeast of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Dol pri Šmarjeti ( pronounced ( ˈdoːl pɾi ʃmaˈɾjeːti ) ) is a small settlement in the historical region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia .
The Battle of Huế ( also called the Siege of Huế ) , was one of the bloodiest and longest battles of the Vietnam War .
Thalavoor is a village located in the district of Kollam in the Kerala state of India .
Kožmani ( pronounced ( ˈkoːʒmani ) ) is a settlement on the southeastern outskirts of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Barm - e Delak ( Persian : برم‌دلک‎‎ ) , is a site of a Sasanian rock relief located about 10 km southeast of Shiraz , in the Pars Province of Iran .
Dobromani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Добромани ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Chixoy River or Río Negro is a river in Guatemala .
The Delimara Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the island of Malta .
Mhlosheni is a town in south western Swaziland about 25 kilometres north - west of Hluthi and 75 kilometres west of Maloma .
Semau , also known as Pusmau and Pasar Pusmau , is an island in the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia .
The Hay Institution for Girls was located at Hay , in the Riverina district of rural NSW , Australia .
Šatorica ( Albanian : Shatoricë ; Serbian : Šatorica , Cyrillic : Шаторица , from the Serbian word šator ( шатор ) which means `` tent '' ) is a mountain peak in the southern part of the Kopaonik range in the north of Kosovo .
Wturek ( ˈfturɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Glåpen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Glåpen fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Moskenes in Nordland county , Norway .
Waldfurt , ( also known as Psychod , modern - day Przechód ) is the former German name of a village lying in that part of Silesia , now Poland .
Miyan Darband Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميان دربند‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Puzeh - ye Kharaftkhaneh ( Persian : پوزه خرفتخانه‎ , also Romanized as Pūzeh - ye Kharaftkhāneh ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Novyi Rozdil ( Ukrainian : Новий Розділ , Polish : Nowy Rozdół ) is a city in Lviv Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Gebelein ( also Gebelên , Jabalên ; Ancient Egyptian : Inerty or Per - Hathor ; Greek : Pathyris or Aphroditopolis ) is a town in Egypt .
Saint Hans Church , also St John 's Church , is a church in Odense , Denmark .
Parque de los Tecajetes is a park in the city of Xalapa , in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico .
Ondjiva Pereira Airport ( IATA : NGV , ICAO : FNGI ) is an airport serving Ondjiva ( also known as Ongiva , Ngiva , or N'giva ) in southern Angola .
The Miosso River is a river flowing south of the town of Moanda in Gabon .
East Wheal Rose was a metalliferous mine about a kilometre south east of the village of St Newlyn East , which is about 5 km inland from Newquay on the north Cornwall coast , United Kingdom .
Moor Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian Arctic Archipelago islands in Kivalliq Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The Huaxia Elevated Road ( Chinese : 华夏高架路 ) is a 15.6-kilometre - long elevated expressway ( 9.7 mi ) entirely in the Pudong New Area of Shanghai , a direct - controlled municipality in the People 's Republic of China .
Qarajeh Arbat ( Persian : قراجه اربط‎ , also Romanized as Qarājeh Arbāţ ) is a village in Qaflankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kegalu Vidyalaya ( `` කෑගලු විද්‍යාලය '' ) is a leading Buddhist Boys ' school in Kegalle District , Sabaragamuwa Province , Sri Lanka established on 14 February 1942 .
Michelfeld Abbey ( German : Kloster Michelfeld ) was a Benedictine monastery in Auerbach in der Oberpfalz in Bavaria , Germany .
The Tactual Museum of Athens is a museum for the visually impaired in Kallithea , Athens metropolitan area , Greece .
The New Burnett Heads Light , also known as South Head Light , is an active lighthouse standing on the south side of the Burnett River entrance , in Burnett Heads , Queensland , Australia .
Ramgarh Lake was an artificial lake situated near Jamwa Ramgarh in Rajasthan , India .
Metro Atlalilco is a station along Line 8 and Line 12 of the metro of Mexico City .
Serenje is a town of Serenje District , Zambia , lying just off the Great North Road and TAZARA Railway .
Zhemchuzhnaya ( Russian : Жемчужная ) is a rural locality ( a railway station ) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle .
Surdag is a village in Karak District located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Qaramahmudlu ( also , Karamakhmudlu , Karamakhmudly , and Karamakhmutly ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Fenesk ( Persian : فنسك‎ ; also known as Fīnesk and Qenīsk ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Lower Bavarian Upland , Lower Bavarian Hill Country ( German : Niederbayerisches Hügelland ) or Lower Bavarian Hills , are part of the tertiary hill country south of the River Danube and cover much of the land within the Bavarian province of Lower Bavaria in southern Germany .
Ternate is an island in the Maluku Islands ( Moluccas ) of eastern Indonesia .
Massafra ( Greek : Messaphros ) is a town and comune in the province of Taranto in the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
The Ministry of Budget , Public Accounts and Civil Administration of France is a ministry that was created by French President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2007 , when he split the Ministry of Finance and Economy into a ministry of budget and a Minister of the Economy , Industry and Employment and the ministry of budget .
The Mackerel Islets are two small islands in south - eastern Australia .
Haftadar ( Persian : هفتادر‎ , also Romanized as Haftādar and Haftādor ; also known as Hafdar , Haftād Dar , Haftādorr , Haft Tahal , and Haft Tahl ) is a village in Aqda Rural District , Aqda District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Gościno ( ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German : Groß Jestin ) is a small town in Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
SpareBank 1 SR - Bank ( OSE : ROGG ) , formerly Sparebanken Rogaland , is the largest savings bank in Norway .
The Battle of Cer was fought between Austria - Hungary and Serbia in August 1914 during the early stages of the Serbian Campaign of the First World War .
Arolla is a village in the municipality of Evolène in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Seodaemun Museum of Natural History is a first public museum of natural history in South Korea , located in a metropolitan area , Seodaemun - gu , Seoul .
The Pembroke Daily Observer is a daily broadsheet newspaper serving the city of Pembroke , Ontario , Canada , and the nearby town of Petawawa .
The Serra do Pico da Antónia Important Bird Area is a mountainous area in the Cape Verde archipelago , lying 600 km off the coast of north - west Africa in the Atlantic Ocean .
The Autovía A-77 is a highway in south eastern Spain .
Victoria bus station is a bus station outside Victoria Station in Terminus Place , in the City of Westminster district of London the capital of the United Kingdom .
Ukkadam Lake ( Tamil : Ukkadam Periyakulam ) is a lake in Ukkadam , Coimbatore , South India .
Neustadt in Holstein is a town in the district of Ostholstein , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Craig Henry is a residential neighbourhood in Knoxdale - Merivale Ward in the west end of Ottawa , Canada .
Wilkołaz ( vilˈkɔwas ) is a village in Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Tribute Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in Western Tasmania , Australia .
Pionirska dolina ( English : Pioneer Valley ) is a recreational and entertainment center and zoo located in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Seudre is a river in the Charente - Maritime département , southwestern France , flowing into the Atlantic Ocean .
The Château de Pontevès is a ruined castle in the commune of Pontevès in the Var département in Provence , southern France .
The Poseidonion Grand Hotel ( Greek : Ξενοδοχείο Ποσειδώνιο ) is a luxury hotel in Greece , one of the most luxurious in southeastern Europe .
Lantoto National Park is a protected area in southwestern South Sudan on the border with the DRC .
Abary is a small community in the Mahaica - Berbice Region of Guyana , near the mouth of the Abary River , 43 miles from Georgetown .
The Blue Sky Tower is located in Ulaanbaatar , Mongolia and has been the tallest building in the country since its completion in 2009 .
Humboldt District Hospital is a public hospital at 1210 9th Street North in Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Gumbaz ( Urdu : گنبذ‎ , `` gonbad '' ( dome ) ) is a village in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Firmat is a city located in the south of Santa Fe Province , Argentina in the Departamento General López .
Shekar Cheshmeh ( Persian : شكرچشمه‎ ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Oberwiesenthal is a town and a ski resort in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony in Germany .
Cardano al Campo is a town and comune ( municipality ) located in the province of Varese , in the Lombardy region of northern Italy .
Dargai Pal Dam is an earth filled dam in South Waziristan Agency of FATA , Pakistan .
The Railroad Labor Board ( RLB ) was an institution established in the United States of America by the Transportation Act of 1920 .
Mount Somolenko is a volcanic peak in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located 83 km ( 52 mi ) east of Rivers Inlet and 7 km ( 4 mi ) south of Mount Silverthrone .
Hongŭi Station is a railway station in Hongŭi - ri , Sŏnbong county , Rasŏn Special City , North Korea ; it is the junction point of the Hongŭi and Hambuk lines of the Korean State Railway .
Dented Records is a record label headquartered in the United Kingdom , and best known as the home to critically acclaimed hip - hop act Foreign Beggars and Focused Few .
Three Valley Gap is an unincorporated settlement on the Trans - Canada Highway adjacent to the lake of the same name .
The Radiocommunication Act is an Act of Parliament respecting radiocommunication in Canada .
Köbərkənd ( also , Kəbərkənd , Keberkend , and Kiberkend ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Brodilovo ( Bulgarian : Бродилово ) is a thriving self - contained remote village in the Strandzha ( Strandja ) mountains of southeastern Bulgaria , within the range of the national park preserve , & part of Tsarevo Municipality , Burgas Province .
Onayena Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Oshikoto Region of Namibia in the district of Ondonga .
Faculty of Agriculture of Islamic azad university Science and Research branch located in , Tehran , Iran .
Nuribenua is the largest island of Tabiteuea atoll in Kiribati ;
Bekkjarvik Church ( Norwegian : Bekkjarvik kirke ) is a parish church in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Dziebędów ( d͡ʑɛˈbɛnduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Meltingvatnet is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Leksvik and Inderøy in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Lyttelton Times Building , last known as Base Backpackers , in 56 Cathedral Square , Christchurch Central City , was the last headquarters of the Lyttelton Times before its demise in 1935 as the then - oldest newspaper in New Zealand .
Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8 is a major road in Singapore .
Silistra Province ( Bulgarian : Област Силистра , transliterated Oblast Silistra , former name Silistra okrug ) is a province of Bulgaria , named after its main city - Silistra .
Renaissance Malmö Hotel is a 4 star hotel in Malmö , Sweden , and belongs to the Renaissance Hotels brand of the Marriott International group of hotels .
Sere Wind Farm is a wind - farm in the Western Cape province of South Africa that is one of the largest wind - farms in Southern Africa with a production capacity of 100 MW .
The Arrondissement of Virton ( French : Arrondissement de Virton ; Dutch : Arrondissement Virton ) is one of the five administrative arrondissements in the Province of Luxembourg , Belgium .
Basílica del Juramento de San Rafael ( Basilica of the Oath to Saint Rafael ) is a minor basilica in Córdoba , Spain .
Janglatmandi ( Urdu ; جنگلات منڈی)is a neighborhood located in Anantnag district , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Caparić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Цапарић ) is a village in Serbia .
The Blue Gum High Forest of the Sydney Basin Bioregion is one of six main indigenous forest communities of Sydney , Australia .
Pratica di Mare Air Base ( ICAO : LIRE ) is an Italian Air Force installation southwest of Rome , Italy .
Dzikowizna ( d͡ʑikɔˈvizna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Obrat ( pronounced ( ˈoːbɾat ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Benedikt in northeastern Slovenia .
Sarab - e Dowreh ( Persian : سراب دوره‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Dowreh , Sarāb Dowrah , Sarāb Dowreh , and Sarāb - e Do Rah ; also known as Sarāb Darreh and Sarāb Doreh ) is a city in and capital of Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Monégasque Football Federation ( French : Fédération monégasque de football ) is the governing body of football in the nation of Monaco .
Abbaspur is approximately 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) from the Poonch city , Indian Kashmir and 167 kilometres ( 104 mi ) from Islamabad , Pakistan .
Nasr ol Din ( Persian : نصرالدين‎ , also Romanized as Naşr ol Dīn and Naşr od Dīn ; also known as Nasradi , Nasreddin , and Nasredī ) is a village in Gazik Rural District , Gazik District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Opende is a village in the north - eastern Netherlands , in the province of Groningen .
Manukau Heights is a suburb to the east of the centre of the former Manukau City , Auckland , New Zealand .
The Wutach Gorge ( German : Wutachschlucht ) is a narrow , steep - sided valley in southern Germany through in the upper reaches of the River Wutach with three gorge - like sections , the lowest of which is also called the Wutachflühen .
Gornji Ribnik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горњи Рибник ) is a village in the municipality of Ribnik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sharda Fort , also known as Sharda Peeth , is an ancient fort and a national heritage monument in Neelum Valley , Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Głowin ( ˈɡwɔvin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Nissi Parish ( Estonian : Nissi vald ) is a rural municipality in northern Estonia .
South Kallikulam is located at 8.354 ° N 77.664 ° E which is very southern part of the South India peninsular .
Måsøy Church ( Norwegian : Måsøy kirke ) is a parish church in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Yagoua is a town and commune in the Far North Province of Cameroon .
Kapuni is a small hydrocarbons field and drilling site in the North Island of New Zealand .
On November 18 , 1833 the Treaty of Zonhoven was signed in the house named De Franse Kroon between representatives of Holland and Belgium to establish special regulations over the use of the Meuse River by the signatories .
The Mulhouse Alsace Agglomération is the Communauté d'agglomération , a type of local government structure , covering the metropolitan area of the city of Mulhouse in France .
Gulran is a village and the center of the Gulran District in Herat Province , Afghanistan .
Novoseoci is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina with cold and temperate climate .
Khachaghbyur ( Armenian : Խաչաղբյուր , also Romanized as Khach’aghbyur , Khachagbur , and Khachagbyur ; formerly , Chakhyrlu , Chakhrlu , Chakhirlu , Sovietakert , and Sovetakert ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Otice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɔcɪtsɛ ) , German : Ottendorf ) is a small village situated less than a kilometer to the southwest of Opava in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
Bughda Kandi ( Persian : بوغداكندي‎ , also Romanized as Būghdā Kandī ; also known as Bugda - Kend and Bukda Kandi ) is a village in Bughda Kandi Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
During World War II , soldiers from Augusto Pestana fought for Brazil against Nazi Germany .
Wajir Airport is an international airport in Wajir County , Kenya .
Kigoowa is a location within the city of Kampala , Uganda 's capital .
Rotten Island ( Irish : An tOileán Bréan ) is a small island close to the entrance of Killybegs harbour , Donegal Bay , Ireland .
Bisauli is a town and a municipal board in Badaun district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Themidithapadu is a village located around 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) from the busy commercial town of Chirala in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Crystal Mountains National Park ( French : Parc National des Monts de Cristal ) is a twin park and one of the 13 national parks of Gabon situated in the Monts de Crystal on the western edge of the Woleu - Ntem Plateau , between Equatorial Guinea and the Ogooué River .
Casino Helsinki is a casino located in Helsinki , Finland .
The Holpertal is a picturesque valley , just one and a half kilometres long , in the central Palatine Forest of Germany .
Ayri Qutu ( Quechua ayri axe , qutu heap , `` axe heap '' , hispanicized spelling Airicoto ) is a mountain in the Chila mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,400 m ( 17,717 ft ) high .
Jalan Joned ( Johor state route ) ( Jawi : جالن جونيد ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia .
Elazay Mountain is the biggest mountain of Mohmand Agency in Pakistan .
Orjen ( Cyrillic : Орјен , pronounced ( ɔ̂r̩jɛn ) ) is a Dinaric Mediterranean limestone mountain range in Montenegro--
The Murinsel ( German , literally Mur island ) in Graz , Austria , is actually not an island at all , but an artificial floating platform in the middle of the Mur river .
Kahone is a town and commune near Kaolack , Senegal .
Gil Marquez is a hamlet of the municipality of Almonaster la Real , in Andalusia ( Spain ) , with 73 inhabitants .
The Labour Protection League was a trade union organising dockers and stevedores in the United Kingdom .
Ormenio ( Greek : Ορμένιο , Bulgarian : Черномен , Černomen , Turkish : Çirmen ) is the northernmost place in all of Greece .
Bartley Road is a major road in Singapore extending from Upper Serangoon Road to Tampines Avenue 10 .
Malek Khatabi ( Persian : ملك خطابي‎ , also Romanized as Malek Khaţābī ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Gare d'Hermes - Berthecourt ( Hermes - Berthecourt station ) is a railway station located in the communes of Hermes and Berthecourt in the Oise department , France .
The Reuben Foundation is a private foundation in the United Kingdom created to channel the charitable giving of the Reuben Brothers .
The Schmerenbeck Educational Centre for Gifted and Talented Children , an organisation based at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg , South Africa , promoted , encouraged and fostered the education of gifted children within South Africa .
Korea Polytechnics ( Korean : 한국폴리텍대학 ) mean two or three - years public vocational school in South Korea .
The American Bridge Association ( ABA ) is a bridge organization in the United States of America .
Hornberg is a town in the Ortenaukreis , in western Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Mengkibol River ( Malay : Sungai Mengkibol ) is a small river that flows through the town of Kluang in the state of Johor , Malaysia .
Brennhausen ( German : Burg Brennhausen ) is a castle in the municipality of Sulzdorf a.d . Lederhecke in the district of Rhön - Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany .
Lila Art High School ( previously known as Lila Computer High School ) is a high school in South Korea .
Gurjiq ( Persian : گورجيق‎ , also Romanized as Gūrjīq ; also known as Gurja , Gūrjaq , Gūzḩaq , Gyurdzha , and Kūrjaq ) is a village in Kaghazkonan - e Shomali Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Surovikino ( Russian : Сурови́кино ) is a town and the administrative center of Surovikinsky District in Volgograd Oblast , Russia , located at the confluence of the Chir and Don Rivers ( Tsimlyansk Reservoir ) , 154 kilometers ( 96 mi ) west of Volgograd , the administrative center of the oblast .
Koksijde ( French : Coxyde ) is a town and a municipality in Belgium .
AMP Square ( 527 - -535 Bourke Street ) is a skyscraper situated in Melbourne , Australia , on the corner of Bourke and Williams Streets in the central business district .
The Vouliagmeni Olympic Centre was the site of the men 's and women 's triathlon at the 2004 Summer Olympics at Athens , Greece .
Khatunasti ( Persian : خاتون استي‎ , also Romanized as Khātūnastī ; also known as Khātūnasdī ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services ( Spanish : Autoridad Federal de Servicios de Comunicación Audiovisual , AFSCA ) is an agency of the government of Argentina with the power to regulate television and radio services .
Advance TAFE ( formerly East Gippsland Institute of TAFE ) is a TAFE institute located in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Romfo Church ( Norwegian : Romfo kyrkje ) is a parish church in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Mocuba is a city and seat of Mocuba District of Zambezia Province in Mozambique .
The Manawatu Estuary is an estuary at the mouth of the Manawatu River , near Foxton in the lower North Island of New Zealand .
Tsandi ( Oshiwambo : that which is at the center ) is a village in the Omusati Region of northern Namibia and the district capital of the Tsandi electoral constituency .
Damelj ( pronounced ( ˈdaːməl ) ; German : Damel ) is a settlement above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Shirin Salar ( Persian : شيرين سالار‎ , also Romanized as Shīrīn Sālār ; also known as Shīrīn Sālār - e Jadīd ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Matalascañas is the name of a beach and resort within the Municipality of Almonte , Huelva Province , in southern Spain .
Confolens ( French : ( kɔ̃.fɔ.lɑ̃ ) ; Occitan : Cofolents ) is a commune in southwestern France .
The Izvorul Surpat River is a tributary of the Moaşa river in Romania .
Atelje 212 ( Serbian Cyrillic : Атеље 212 ) is a theatre in Belgrade , Serbia .
Vélingara is a town located in the Kolda Region of Senegal , in the North of the Vélingara crater .
Punta Tersiva ( 3,512 m ) is a mountain of the Graian Alps in Aosta Valley , north - western Italy .
Hačava ( 1409 Hach , Bognerhey ) ( German : Wagnerhau ; Hungarian : Ájfalucska ) is a village and municipality in Košice - okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
The West Autobahn ( A1 ) was the first motorway ( Autobahn ) to be built in Austria , originating from plans drawn up for the so - called Reichsautobahn system .
Kyauktaw ( Burmese : ေက်ာက္ေတာ္ၿမိဳ႕ ( tɕaʊʔtɔ̀ mjo̰ ) ) is a town in the north Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
The Marina Torch , also known as Dubai Torch , Dubai Torch Tower or just The Torch , is a supertall residential skyscraper at the Dubai Marina , in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Kuantan Bypass , Federal Route is a main highway bypass in Kuantan , Pahang , Malaysia .
Sasso di Bosconero ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsasso di boskoˈneːro ) ) ( 2,468 m ) is the highest mountain of the Bosconero Range , a subgroup of the southern Dolomites in Veneto , Italy .
General Leobardo C. Ruiz International Airport ( IATA : ZCL , ICAO : MMZC ) , also known as Zacatecas International Airport , is an international airport located in Calera de Victor Rosales , Zacatecas , Mexico .
Witonia ( viˈtɔɲa ) is a village in Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Opéra de Nice is the principal opera venue in Nice , France .
Mirror stone cave is a cave or tunnel located in a rock hill in West Manggarai , Flores , East Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia .
The Château de Bressuire is a ruined castle in the town of Bressuire in the Deux - Sèvres département of France .
Garav ( Persian : گرو ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Toongabbie Anglican Church ( TAC ) is a medium - sized evangelical Anglican church in the Sydney Diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia .
Gerečja Vas ( pronounced ( ˈɡeːɾɛtʃja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Gerečja vas ) is a village in the Municipality of Hajdina in northeastern Slovenia .
Chandi Mandir ( Hindu , Mandir : `` Temple '' ) is a Hindu temple near Chandigarh , India , dedicated to Chandi , the goddess of power .
Chrabków ( ˈxrapkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
La Dune Rose is an attraction in the city of Gao , Mali .
Saaremaa ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈsɑːremɑː ) ; Danish : Øsel ; English ( esp . traditionally ) : Osel ; Finnish : Saarenmaa ; Swedish & German : Ösel ) is the largest island in Estonia , measuring 2,673 km2 ( 1,032 sq mi ) .
San Gregorio de Polanco is a small city in the Tacuarembó Department of northern - central Uruguay .
Andal Aerotropolis is India 's first Aerotropolis located at Andal in Durgapur sub - division between the industrial cities of Durgapur and Asansol in West Bengal , India .
Kopperå Chapel ( Norwegian : Kopperå kapell ) is a parish church in the municipality of Meråker in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Al - Hebnaa is a neighborhood of the Al - Kadhimyah District in northern Baghdad , Iraq .
Layen - e Kohneh ( Persian : لائين كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Lāyen - e Kohneh ) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District , in the Central District of Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Skøyen Line ( Norwegian : Skøyenlinjen / Skøyenlinja ) is a tramway line running from Slottsparken to Skøyen in Oslo , Norway .
Depeh ( Persian : دپه‎ , also Romanized as Debeh ) is a village in Mahru Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mount Kyllini or Mount Cyllene ( /sɪˈliːniː/ ; Greek : Κυλλήνη ( kyˈlːɛːnɛː ) , Modern Greek : ( ciˈlini ) ; sometimes Ζήρια , Modern Greek : ( ˈzirja ) ) , is a mountain on the Peloponnesus peninsula in Greece , famous for its association with the god Hermes .
Buckingham Palace ( UK /ˈbʌkɪŋəm/ /ˈpælɪs/ ) is the London residence and principal workplace of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom .
Bevis Marks Synagogue , officially Qahal Kadosh Sha'ar ha - Shamayim ( Hebrew : קהל קדוש שער השמים , `` Holy Congregation Gate of Heaven '' ) is the oldest synagogue in the United Kingdom .
The Algarve ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aɫˈɡaɾv(ɨ ) ) , from Arabic : الغرب‎ , trans . Al - Gharb , meaning `` The West '' ) is the southernmost region of mainland Portugal .
Spreenhagen ( Lower Sorbian : Sprjewiny Ług ) is a municipality in the Oder - Spree district , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Columbia Lake Ecological Reserve is a nature reserve on Columbia Lake in the East Kootenay region of British Columbia , Canada , located on the east side of Columbia Lake just north of the village of Canal Flats .
Leptini ( Greek : Λεπτίνι ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit Falaisia , southwestern Arcadia , Greece .
Mount Veve is an extinct volcano on the island of Kolombangara , in the Solomon Islands .
The Ananta Shayana murti of Lord Vishnu is situated in Bhimkund , Orissa , India at a distance of about 8 kilometres from Talcher .
Concord Oval ( also Waratah Stadium ) is a rugby stadium in Concord , Australia .
The Phaya Klang ( Thai : ลำพญากลาง , rtgs : Lam Phaya Klang , IPA : ( lam pʰajaː klaːŋ ) ) is a river of Thailand .
San Juan de Cinco Pinos , colloquially known as Cinco Pinos , is a town and a municipality in the north of the Chinandega Department in Nicaragua , situated between San Pedro del Norte and Santo Tomás del Norte .
Otumoetai Intermediate is a co - ed Intermediate school situated in Tauranga , New Zealand .
Montory ( Basque : Montori ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
CAM Timișoara was a football club based in Timişoara , western Romania .
San Carlos Centro is a city in the center of the province of Santa Fe , Argentina , located 46 kilometres ( 29 mi ) from the provincial capital Santa Fe .
Bergün / Bravuogn ( German : Bergün , Romansh : Bravuogn , in the local Romansh dialect Brauégn ) is a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
The Interoceanic Highway or Trans - oceanic highway is an international , transcontinental highway in Peru and Brazil to connect the two countries ( map ) .
Hulín ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦuliːn ) ; German : Hullein ) is a town in the Zlín Region , Czech Republic .
Torsh Ab - e Bala ( Persian : ترش اب بالا‎ , also Romanized as Torsh Āb - e Bālā and Torsh Ab Bala ; also known as Torsh Āb and Turushāb ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The football team of Oud - Heverlee ( Oud - Heverlee Leuven ) plays in the first division in Belgium since the 2011 - 2012 season .
Laguna del Sauce ( Lagoon of the Willow ) is the largest water body in the Maldonado Department of Uruguay .
Gol - e Khatr ( Persian : گلخاطر‎ , also Romanized as Gol - e Khāţr and Gol Khāţer ; also known as Gol - e Khāţū ' ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sarpol Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The SGH War Memorial is located within the grounds of the Singapore General Hospital ( SGH ) in Outram .
Bangalore Institute of Technology is an engineering college offering undergraduate and graduate engineering courses , affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University , Belgaum located in the heart of Bangalore , the `` Electronic City '' and Silicon Valley of India .
Dwesa Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province , South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks , the park has an area of 5,450 hectares ( 13,500 acres ) .
Logje ( pronounced ( lɔɡˈjeː ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Euronext Paris is France 's securities market , formerly known as the Paris Bourse , which merged with the Amsterdam , Lisbon and Brussels exchanges in September 2000 to form Euronext NV , which is the second largest exchange in Europe behind the UK 's London Stock Exchange .
Eftekharabad ( Persian : افتخاراباد‎ , also Romanized as Eftekhārābād ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Gorūbānā ) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Moulins Cathedral Basilica ( Basilique Cathédrale Notre - Dame de Moulins ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and national monument of France , located in the town of Moulins , Allier .
Sope Lake ( Albanian : Liqeni i Sopes ) is the largest natural mountain lake in Albania .
Mangateparu is a farming service community located close to the west bank of the Piako River , eight kilometres north of Morrinsville in the Waikato region of New Zealand .
Mato Grande ( Cape Verdean Creole : Matu Grandi ) is a settlement in the island of Brava , Cape Verde .
Caguach or Cahuach is one of the most well - known smaller islands of the Chiloé Archipelago , in the south of Chile , forming part of the commune of Quinchao .
Palczowice ( palt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator , within Oświęcim County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Palazzo Sangiorgi is a palace in Forlì , Emilia - Romagna , northern Italy .
Xoruzlu ( also , Khoruzlu ) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Golubovci ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Голубовци , pronounced ( ɡǒluboʋtsi ) ) is a small town in the Podgorica Municipality of Montenegro .
Nová Dubnica ( German : Neudubnitz ; Hungarian : Újtölgyes ) is a town in Trenčín Region , Slovakia .
Minaki / Pistol Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CKP3 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) west of Minaki , Ontario , Canada .
Bodyke ( Irish : Lúbán Díge ) is a village and Catholic parish in County Clare , Ireland .
The Turin City Museum of Ancient Art ( Italian : Museo civico d'arte antica ) is a museum located in the Palazzo Madama palace , in Turin , northern Italy .
Antsampanana ( vatʷˈmanɖʐʲ ) is a village in Atsinanana Region , Madagascar .
Olifantsnek Dam , is an arch type dam located on the Hex River , near Rustenburg , North West , South Africa .
Kuseh Raz ( Persian : كوسه رز‎ , also Romanized as Kūseh Raz ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kyzylarai ( Kazakh : Кызыларай ) is a massif , a part of the Kazakh Melkosopochnik ( Kazakh Uplands ) , situated in Karaganda Region in Central Kazakhstan .
Barabinsk ( Russian : Бара́бинск ) is a town in Novosibirsk Oblast , Russia , located in the Baraba steppe on the Trans - Siberian Railway between Omsk and Novosibirsk .
Dublanc is a village in Saint Peter parish on the west coast of Dominica between the town of Portsmouth and the village of Bioche .
The Erasmushogeschool Brussel ( English name : Erasmus University College Brussels ) is an institute of higher education based in Brussels , Belgium .
Maja e Këndrevicës is a mountain in Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
Przybranowo ( pʂɨbraˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Voyager Academy ( formerly The Voyager School ) is a secondary school with academy status in Peterborough in the United Kingdom .
Kpeve New Town is a small town located in Kpeve , which is also the capital of South Dayi district , a district in the Volta Region of Ghana .
Lake Hornborga ( Swedish : Hornborgasjön ) is a lake in Västergötland in Sweden , famous for its many birds , in particular the many cranes that stay here temporarily during their annual migrations .
Arapaj is a village in the former municipality of Rrashbull , Durrës County , Albania .
Suba District was an administrative district in the former Nyanza Province of Kenya .
The Ling Yen Mountain Temple ( Chinese : 靈巖山寺 ; pinyin : líng yán shān sì ) in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada is a Buddhist monastery , designed by Pacific Rim Architecture in the Chinese palatial style and completed in 1996 .
The Cipancí Wildlife Refuge is a Wildlife refuge of Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , and protects tropical forest and wetlands on the banks of the Tempisque River near Abangares in the Guanacaste Province .
Horta Nord ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈɔɾta ˈnɔɾt ) , Spanish : Huerta Norte ) is a comarca in the province of Valencia , Valencian Community , Spain .
Newmarket Transit was a transit system in York Region , Ontario , Canada .
Opel Eisenach GmbH ( formerly Opel AWE Planungs GmbH ) is a German manufacturing company based at Eisenach in Thuringia , Germany and a subsidiary of Opel .
Vansda National Park , a protected area representing the thick woodlands of the Dangs and southern Gujarat is situated in the Navsari District of Gujarat state , India .
Pererîta is a commune in Briceni district , Moldova , located on the border with Romania .
Vegoritida ( Greek : Βεγορίτιδα ) is a former municipality in the Pella regional unit , Greece .
Qinyang ( simplified Chinese : 沁阳 ; traditional Chinese : 沁陽 ; pinyin : Qìnyáng ) is a county - level city in Henan province , People 's Republic of China .
Eira is a neighborhood in Helsinki , the capital of Finland .
Rožni Dol ( pronounced ( ˈɾoːʒni ˈdoːu̯ ) ; German : Rosenthal ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Patrick Henry Village , also called PHV , was a United States Army installation at Heidelberg , Germany .
Great Dayak ( Indonesian : Dayak Besar , old spelling Dajak Besar ; Dutch : Groot Dajak ) was a component entity of the United States of Indonesia in Dayak regions on the island of Borneo .
Jeppu(ಜೆಪ್ಪು)is a locality in Mangalore city , Karnataka , India .
Tichanguiyeh ( Persian : تيچنگوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Tīchangū’īyeh ; also known as Tūchangū’īyeh ) is a village in Pariz Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Frøya Church ( Norwegian : Frøya kyrkje ) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Qadiob ( Persian : قد آب ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Pasir Pelangi is the royal village of Johor , Malaysia .
Rašljani ( Serbian : Рашљани ) is a village in the municipality of Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Saint - Martin - d'Arcé is a former commune in the Maine - et - Loire département in western France .
Sentech Tower , also known as and originally called the Brixton Tower or Albert Hertzog Tower , respectively , is a 237-metre - high ( 778 ft ) concrete television tower in the Brixton suburb of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Gwalior Fort ( Hindi : ग्वालियर क़िला Gwalior Qila ) is an 8th - century hill fort near Gwalior , Madhya Pradesh , central India .
Gold River Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAU6 ) , is located 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8.1 mi ) south of Gold River , British Columbia , Canada .
The Bon Soo Winter Carnival is an annual winter carnival in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Canada .
The Dominion Observatory was an astronomical observatory in Ottawa , Canada that operated from 1902 to 1970 .
Château de Chamirey is a wine producer in the town of Mercurey , in Burgundy , France that produces white and red wine .
Jalan Sungai Tua ( Selangor state route ) is a major road in Klang Valley region , Selangor , Malaysia
Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh street , South Yarra , Melbourne , Australia consisting of five flats .
Algeciras ( /ˌældʒᵻˈsɪrəs/ ; Spanish pronunciation : ( alxeˈθiɾas ) ; Arabic : Al Jazeera Al - Khudra الجزيرة الخضراء‎ ) is a port city in the south of Spain , and is the largest city on the Bay of Gibraltar ( in Spanish , the Bahía de Algeciras ) .
Daramdin is a village - town located in the western part of Sikkim , India .
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council ( JCPC ) is one of the highest courts in the United Kingdom .
Vaksala Church ( Swedish : Vaksala kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala , Sweden .
Debelo Brdo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дебело брдо ) is a mountain in western Serbia , near the city of Valjevo .
Several other villages in northern and southern Egypt are named Abusir or Busiri .
Cheonan Yonam College is a private agricultural college in South Korea .
Hiiumaa ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈhiːumɑː ) ; German & Swedish : Dagö ; Danish : Dagø ; Finnish : Hiidenmaa ) is the second largest island ( 989 km² ) in Estonia .
Šmarjeta pri Celju ( pronounced ( ʃmaˈrjeːta pri ˈtsɛːlju ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Ngebuked is a village on the west coast of Ngaraard State , Palau , where the Chief of Ngaraard , Maderangebuked is from .
Tortorella Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy .
The Järsberg Runestone is a runestone in the elder futhark near Kristinehamn in Värmland , Sweden .
Keskiniemi Light is a sector light tower located in the northwestern promontory of Hailuoto island in the Gulf of Bothnia in Finland .
Jamian ( Persian : جميان‎ , also Romanized as Jamīān ) is a village in Torjan Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Seh Chah Kuh Sorkh ( Persian : مزرعه سه چاه كوه سرخ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Seh Chāh Kūh Sorkh ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 45 , in 9 families .
Babrala ( Hindi : बबराला ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Sambhal district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Sundet is the administrative centre of Eidsvoll , a municipality in Akershus , Norway .
The ruins of Castelmur Castle is a large ruined castle located above the village of Bondo in the municipality of Bregaglia in Graubünden , Switzerland .
Rezaabad Juchin ( Persian : رضاابادجوچين‎ , also Romanized as Reẕāābād Jūchīn ; also known as Reẕāābād ) is a village in Naqsh - e Rostam Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tocra , Taucheira , Tukrah or El Agouriya , is a town on the coast of the Marj District in the Cyrenaica region of northeastern Libya , founded by Cyrene .
Tchamba Prefecture is one of the prefectures of Togo located in the Centrale Region .
Tagulandang ( Pulau Tagulandang ) is an island lying off the northern tip of Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Spodnji Ivanjci ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnji iˈʋaːntsi ) ) is a village in the Ščavnica Valley in the Municipality of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
Dophoogchen Gewog ( Dzongkha : རྡོ་ཕུག་ཅན་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Samtse District , Bhutan .
Qapaq ( Persian : قاپاق‎ , also Romanized as Qāpāq ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Młodynie Dolne ( mwɔˈdɨɲɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Estádio Heriberto Hülse , is a football stadium located in Criciúma , Santa Catarina , Brazil .
Shah Mansur , also named Shah Mansoor or Shahmansoor , is a town and Union Council of Swabi District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Murshidabad ( Pron : ˈmʊəʃɪdəˌbɑ : d / bæd or ˈmɜ : ʃɪdəˌ ) is a city in Murshidabad district of West Bengal state in India .
Aliko ( in Albanian , in Greek : Alykòn , Αλυκον ) is a village and a former municipality in the Vlorë County , southern Albania .
The Maltese International Trade Fair Grounds , also known as the Trade Fairs and Exhibitions Centre , was a complex that hosted many exhibitions and fairs in Naxxar , Malta .
Kangolu ( Persian : كنگلو‎ , also Romanized as Kangolū ; also known as Konjelū ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The 1998 Riga bombings were a series of bombings that took place in Riga , Latvia and which received considerable coverage at the time , most notably for their connection with fascist groups and the perception of an increase of fascism in Latvia .
Krzyżowa Dolina ( kʂɨˈʐɔva dɔˈlina ) ( German Kreuzthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dashan Station ( Chinese : 大山車站 ; pinyin : Dàshān Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line ( Coast Line ) located in Houlong Township , Miaoli County , Taiwan .
Galway ( /ˈɡɔːlweɪ/ ; Irish : Gaillimh , pronounced ( ˈɡalʲɪvʲ ) ) is a city in the West of Ireland in the province of Connacht .
Niewiarowo - Przybki ( ɲevjaˈrɔvɔ ˈpʂɨpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kannur East is suburb of Kannur city in Kerala , India .
Petrozavodsk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Петрозаводск , Karelian : Petroskoin lendoazema ; ( IATA : PES , ICAO : ULPB ) ; ex : Besovets , Petrozavodsk-2 ) is a joint civil - military airport in Russia located 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) northwest of Petrozavodsk in Besovets , Shuya Rural Settlement ( municipality ) .
Zidani Most ( pronounced ( ˈziːdani ˈmoːst ) ; German : Steinbrück ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
The Metropolitan Golf Club is one of the renowned sandbelt courses of Melbourne and is widely recognised as one of the finest championship courses in Australia .
Wyczechowo ( vɨt͡ʂɛˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Changane River ( Rio Changane ) is a river in Mozambique , a tributary to the Limpopo River which it joins near the coast , just past the town of Chibuto .
Due to the very dry air , clear skies , lack of wind , and geography , Chilanko Forks has one of the highest diurnal temperature variations in Canada , and the highest variation in British Columbia .
Sanahin Monastery is an Armenian monastery founded in the 10th century in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Before the Independence of India , Paisakari , mostly forest land then , was under the reign of the land lord Nayanar family and had a very small population indigenous to it .
Veliko Brdo ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlikɔ ˈbəɾdɔ ) ; Italian : Berdo d'Elsane ) is a village southwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Băgaciu ( in Hungarian Szászbogács , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈsaːsboɡaːtʃ ) ) is a commune in Mureş County , Transylvania , Romania .
Haldum is a village within the Haldum parish of the Favrskov municipality of mid - Jutland , Denmark , 20 km northwest of Aarhus .
Andersons Bay Cemetery is a major cemetery in the New Zealand city of Dunedin .
Huaquillas is a town in western El Oro , a province of SW Ecuador .
Tossal Gros de Miramar , or simply Tossal Gros , is a mountain of the Catalan Pre - Coastal Range , Catalonia , Spain .
Dehsard Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دهسرد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mount Lycabettus ( /ˌlaɪkəˈbɛtəs/ ) , also known as Lycabettos , Lykabettos or Lykavittos ( Greek : Λυκαβηττός , pronounced ( likaviˈtos ) ) , is a Cretaceous limestone hill in Athens , Greece at 300 meters ( 908 feet ) above sea level .
Nteje is the headquarters of Oyi Local Government Area of Anambra state , Nigeria .
Sikenica ( Hungarian : Peszektergenye ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
The Belgian railway line 96 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Brussels to Quévy at the border with France .
The Centre for Automotive Safety Research ( CASR ) is based in the University of Adelaide , in Adelaide , Australia .
The Stasi Records Agency , or BStU , ( see § Name below ) is an upper - level federal agency of Germany that preserves and protects the archives and investigates the past actions of the former Stasi , which served as the secret police and foreign intelligence organization of the communist German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) .
Pa Tum ( Thai : ป่าตุ้ม ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phrao District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Strathmerton is a small country town in Victoria , Australia .
Zlaté Moravce ( 1776 Morawce , Hungarian : Aranyosmarót , German : Goldmorawitz ) is a town in south - western Slovakia .
Mizerów ( miˈzɛruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suszec , within Pszczyna County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
El Tajín National Airport ( IATA : PAZ , ICAO : MMPA ) is an international airport located in Tihuatlán , Veracruz , Mexico , near Poza Rica .
Firebase Birmingham ( also known as FSB Birmingham , LZ Birmingham and Huế Southwest Airfield ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base southwest of Huế in Thừa Thiên--
Ma - ubin University opened in July 2003 and was implemented by the Higher Education Department of Lower Myanmar .
Bafwabaka is a place in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Aynabulaq ( Kazakh : Айнабұлақ ) is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Parzewnia ( paˈʐɛvɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Aldeno ( German : Aldein i m Lagertal or Alden ) is a comune in Trentino in north Italy .
The Deutsche Fotothek ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdɔʏtʃə fotoˈteːk ) ) is a picture library in Dresden , Germany , located in the Saxon State Library .
The Order of the Condor of the Andes ( Spanish : La Orden del Cóndor de los Andes ) is a state decoration of the Plurinational State of Bolivia instituted on 12 April 1925 .
Jockey Club Córdoba is an Argentine sports club based in Córdoba , Argentina .
Thampattai Muthalikkattu is a small town in Sri Lanka , within Northern Province .
Surat Thani ( Thai : สุราษฎร์ธานี , IPA : ( surâːt tʰaːniː ) , Pronunciation ) is a city in Amphoe Mueang Surat Thani , Surat Thani Province , southern Thailand .
Chitlan ( Persian : چيتلان‎ , also Romanized as Chītlān ) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District , in the Shabab District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Krasnoye Ekho ( Russian : Кра́сное Э́хо ) is a settlement in Vladimir Oblast , Russia , located on the Poboyki River , 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) south - east of Vladimir .
Quzluy - e Khaniyeh ( Persian : قوزلوي خانيه‎ , also Romanized as Qūzlūy - e Khānīyeh ; also known as Qūzlū - ye Khāneqāh and Qūzlū - ye Khānīyeh ) is a village in Churs Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Långängen is a residential area in Stocksund in Danderyd Municipality in Sweden .
Givskud Zoo is a zoo and safari park in Givskud , 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north west of Vejle in Denmark .
Vienna International Airport ( German : Flughafen Wien - Schwechat ; IATA : VIE , ICAO : LOWW ) is the international airport of Vienna , the capital of Austria , located in Schwechat , 18 km ( 11 mi ) southeast of central Vienna and 57 km west of Bratislava .
Netrampura is a village in the Surajgarh municipality in Rajasthan , India .
Nazyvayevsk ( Russian : Называ́евск ) is a town in Omsk Oblast , Russia , located 120 kilometers ( 75 mi ) west of Omsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
The Jardin d'Oiseaux Tropicaux ( 6 hectares ) is an aviary and botanical garden located on the Route de Valcros , La Londe - les - Maures , Var , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Wola Rychwalska ( ˈvɔla rɨxˈfalska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ostrów - Kania ( ˈɔstruf ˈkaɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Patutahi is a small settlement 15 kilometres from Gisborne , in the northeast of New Zealand 's North Island .
Kashgar Prefecture or Kashi Prefecture officially Kaxgar Prefecture ( simplified Chinese : 喀什地区 ; traditional Chinese : 喀什地區 ; pinyin : Kāshí Dìqū ; Uyghur : قەشقەر ۋىلايىتى‎ , ULY : Qeshqer Wilayiti , UYY : K̡əxk̡ər Vilayiti ? ; also spelled Kashgar ) is located in southwestern Xinjiang , People 's Republic of China .
Seoul Station is a major railway station in Seoul , the capital of South Korea .
General Dezydery Chłapowski Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy i m . gen . Dezyderego Chłapowskiego ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in west - central Poland , established in 1992 , covering an area of 172 square kilometres ( 66 sq mi ) .
The Médoc ( French pronunciation : ​(medɔk ) ; Gascon : Medòc ( meˈðok ) ) is a region of France , well known as a wine growing region , located in the département of Gironde , on the left bank of the Gironde estuary , north of Bordeaux .
Issyk - Kul International Airport ( Kyrgyz : Ысык-Көл эл аралык аэропорту , Russian : Международный аэропорт `` Иссык-Куль '' ) ( IATA : none ( ИКУ ) , ICAO : UCFL ) is an international airport serving Tamchy , a village in Issyk Kul District of Issyk Kul Region ( oblast ) of Kyrgyzstan .
San Pietro Island ( Italian : Isola di San Pietro , Ligurian Tabarchino : Uiza de San Pé , Sardinian : Isula ' e Sàntu Pèdru ) is an island approximately 7 kilometres ( 4 miles ) off the South western Coast of Sardinia , Italy , facing the Sulcis peninsula .
Banesh ( Persian : بانش‎ , also Romanized as Bānesh ; also known as Bānish ) is a village in Banesh Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tuscia is a historical region of Italy that comprised the territories under Etruscan influence and the name adopted for Etruria after the Roman conquest .
Yoboki is a town located in the western Dikhil Region of Djibouti .
Üçüncü Beynəlmiləl ( also , Internatsional and Tretiy Internatsional ) is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Balut Bangan ( Persian : بلوطبنگان‎ , also Romanized as Balūt Bangān , Balūţ Bangān , and Balūţ Bengān ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Żywiec Basin ( Polish : Kotlina Żywiecka ) is a lowland , located in southern Poland , between the Little Beskids to the north , Silesian Beskids to the west , Żywiec Beskids to the south and east , and Maków Beskids to the east .
Djougou is the largest city in northwestern Benin .
Bystranda ( The City Beach ) is a Blue Flag beach in the southeastern part of the downtown of Kristiansand , Norway .
In 1892 , the Hawaiian National Liberal Party ( Aoao Lahui Hawaii Liberala in the Hawaiian ) also known as the National Liberal Party of the Hawaiian Kingdom ( generally known as just the `` Liberal Party '' ) was a political party of the Kingdom of Hawaii near its end .
The Giraffe Centre is located at Karen , approximately 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) from the centre of Nairobi , Kenya .
The Danube Bend ( Hungarian Dunakanyar ) is a curve of the Danube in Hungary , close to the city of Visegrád .
Dzodze is a small town and is the capital of Ketu North district , a district in the south eastern corner of the Volta Region of Ghana .
Perm International Airport ( Russian : Международный аэропорт Пермь ) ( IATA : PEE , ICAO : USPP ) is an international airport located in Perm Krai , Russia located 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) southwest of Perm , in the village of Bolshoye Savino .
Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid is a stage road bicycle race held annually in July around Madrid , Spain .
Blouberg Local Municipality is a municipality in the Limpopo Province , northern South Africa , bordering Zimbabwe and Botswana .
Santos Place is a 6 Star Green Star office building in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Örükzar ( Kyrgyz : Өрүкзар ) is a village in Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Koma tou Gialou ( Greek : Κώμα του Γιαλού , Turkish : Kumyalı ) is a village in Northern Cyprus , located on the Karpas Peninsula .
The Pao River ( Thai : ลำปาว , rtgs : Lam Pao , Thai pronunciation : ( lam paːw ) ) is a tributary of the Chi River in northeast Thailand .
Uzynagash ( Kazakh : Узынағаш ) is a selo in Zhambyl District in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Maktar ( Arabic : مكتر‎ , Latin : Mactaris ) , or Makthar , is a town and Roman site in Siliana Governorate , Tunisia , located at 35 ° 51′38``N 9 ° 12′21''E. It is 140 km ( 90 mi ) southwest of Tunis and 60 km ( 40 mi ) southeast of El Kef .
The Authi car company of Pamplona , Spain , was founded in 1965 as a result of a collaboration between BMC ( the British Motor Corporation ) and NMQ ( Nueva Montaña Quijano ) .
Las Rozas de Madrid ( or simply , Las Rozas ) is one of the larger townships and municipalities in the autonomous community of Madrid , Spain , with an area of between 58.8 and 59.14 km² .
Saltdal Church ( Norwegian : Saltdal kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Saltdal in Nordland county , Norway .
Córcoles is a river of provinces of Albacete and Ciudad Real , Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
The Palazzina di caccia of Stupinigi ( Italian : `` The hunting residence of Stupinigi '' ) is one of the Residences of the Royal House of Savoy in northern Italy , part of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list .
Hilversum Airfield ( Dutch : Vliegveld Hilversum ) ( ICAO : EHHV ) is a general aviation aerodrome 2.2 NM ( 4.1 km ; 2.5 mi ) south - southwest of Hilversum , a municipality and town in the Het Gooi region and the province of North Holland in the Netherlands .
Jalan Sungai Tengi or Jalan Timur Tambahan ( Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor , Malaysia .
Gol Moghan ( Persian : گل مغان‎ , also Romanized as Gol Moghān ) is a village in Balghelu Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Tel Aviv University Railway Station is an Israel Railways station in northern Tel Aviv , Israel .
Sungai Gerong is an oil town in South Sumatra , south east of the Palembang city , Indonesia .
St. Mary 's Church , Ystad ( Swedish : S : ta Maria kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in Ystad , Sweden .
Ahmadabad - e Mostowfi District ( Persian : بخش احمدآباد مستوفی‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Eslamshahr County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Nea Ionia station ( Greek : Σταθμός Νέας Ιωνίας Stathmos Neas Ionias ) is an ISAP train station in Nea Ionia , Greece several kilometres north of Athens .
Bedel Pass is a mountain pass in the Tian - Shan mountain range between Kyrgyzstan and China 's Xinjiang province .
Birofeld ( Russian : Бирофельд ) is a village ( selo ) in Birobidzhansky District of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast , Russia .
Biratnagar ( Nepali : विराटनगर ) is a sub - metropolitan municipality and the fourth largest city of Nepal after Kathmandu , Pokhara and Patan .
Łoniowa ( wɔˈɲɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
A Laracha is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña , in the autonomous community of Galicia .
The Public Security Forces ( PSF ) , formerly known as the Bahrain State Police , are the principal Bahraini law enforcement arm of the Ministry of Interior .
Wola Kiełpińska ( ˈvɔla kʲɛu̯ˈpiɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock , within Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
In India , Pupunki is a village close to the Damodar River separating the Dhanbad and the Bokaro districts near the NH-32 highway .
Cidade Velha ( Portuguese for `` old city '' , in Cape Verdean Creole : Sidadi ) is a town in the southern part of the island of Santiago , Cape Verde .
Kakapora is one of the tehsils of the Pulwama district , Jammu and Kashmir state in India .
The Tienen Formation ( Dutch : Formatie van Tienen ; French : Formation de Tienen ; abbreviation : Ti ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of northern Belgium .
Wannehain is a commune in the Nord department in northern France , on the border with Belgium .
Téboulba ( Arabic : طبلبة‎ ) is a town in the Sahel region of Tunisia .
Ordrup station is a commuter rail station serving the suburb of Ordrup north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The China National Economic and Technological Development Zones ( Chinese : 国家级经济技术开发区 ) are the special areas of the People 's Republic of China where foreign direct investment is encouraged .
Novy Oskol ( Russian : Но́вый Оско́л ) is a town and the administrative center of Novooskolsky District in Belgorod Oblast , Russia , located on the Oskol River , 90 kilometers ( 56 mi ) northeast of Belgorod , the administrative center of the oblast .
Saint - Marc ( Haitian Creole : Sen Mak ) is a commune in western Haiti in the Artibonite Department .
Inupamula is a village of Kethepally mandal in the Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Wageningen - Hoog is a township in the town Wageningen in the central Netherlands , in the province of Gelderland .
Belasitsa Nature Park ( Bulgarian : Беласица Природен Парк ) covers the northern slopes of Belasitsa Mountain in the Southwest Region of Bulgaria .
Allendorf Airport ( German : Flugplatz Allendorf ) ( ICAO : EDFQ ) is a public airport located 1 km ( 0.62 miles ) north of Allendorf ( Eder ) in Hesse , Germany , run by the energy company Viessmann .
The All Party Parliamentary Group for Legal and Constitutional Affairs is an all - party parliamentary group of MPs and Peers within the Parliament of the United Kingdom that meets regularly to discuss current issues relating to law reform and the legal profession .
Vythos ( Greek : Βυθὀς , old name Dolos ) is a village in Kozani regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
Çobankərəhməz ( also , Choban - Karikl’yev and Chobankerakhmez ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
As of 2001 India census , Porsa had the population of more than 50,000 .
The Ybbstal Alps ( German : Ybbstaler Alpen ) are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps and part of the Eastern Alps , located in Austria .
Zardin Kahir ( Persian : زردين كهير‎ , also Romanized as Zardīn Kahīr ; also known as Zardeh Kahīr ) is a village in Zarabad - e Sharqi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Aşıqbayramlı ( also , Ashygbayramly and Ashykhbayramly ) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wallacedene is an informal housing settlement in the eastern suburbs of Cape Town , South Africa .
Ēdole parish ( Latvian : Ēdoles pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Kuldīga Municipality , Latvia .
Zliten ( Arabic : زليتن‎ Zlītan ) is a town in the Murqub District of Libya .
The Manitoba Reform Party was a right - wing political party in Manitoba , Canada in the early 1990s .
Tanjung Selor is a district in Bulungan Regency , North Kalimantan Province of Indonesia , and the administrative capital of the province , as well as the capital of Bulungan Regency .
Darigma is a village in the Kongoussi Department of Bam Province in northern Burkina Faso .
Goldlochspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2,110 metres ( 6,920 ft ) .
Had Boumoussa is a town and rural commune in Béni Mellal Province of the Tadla - Azilal region of Morocco .
The Chogray Reservoir ( Russian : Чограйское водохранилище , Chograyskoye vodokhranilishche ) is an artificial reservoir on the East Manych River on the border of Stavropol Krai and Kalmykia in southern Russia .
Ferguson Falls is a 15 metre high ribbon cascade waterfall found in Flamborough , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Tell Leilan is an archaeological site situated near the Wadi Jarrah in the Khabur River basin in Al - Hasakah Governorate , northeastern Syria , a region formerly a part of ancient Assyria .
Federation Park is a residential neighbourhood in northwestern Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago .
There were two houses called Woollahra House built on the same site in Point Piper , Sydney , Australia .
Allaga ( Russian : Аллага ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Allaginsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
The Norwegian Military College ( Norwegian : Den militære høyskole ) was a military educational institution in Norway .
The English Party ( Greek : Αγγλικό Κóμμα ) was one of the three informal early Greek parties that dominated the political history of the First Hellenic Republic and the first years of the Kingdom Of Greece during the early 19th century , the other two being the Russian Party and the French Party .
The Kontagora Emirate is a traditional state with the capital city of Kontagora , Niger State , Nigeria .
Parisutham Institute of Technology and Science ( PITS ) is an engineering institution in Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu , India .
Qastal Ma'af ( Arabic : قسطل معاف‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located north of Latakia .
Lake Tekapo Airport ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : NZTL ) is a Non - Certificated Airport 1.5 NM ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) west of Lake Tekapo township in the Mackenzie District of the South Island in New Zealand .
Spielberk Towers are two high - rises in Brno , Czech Republic .
The Blackwater River or Kerry Blackwater is a river in County Kerry , southwestern Ireland .
The Janet Smith case concerns the murder of 22-year - old nursemaid Janet Kennedy Smith in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada on 26 July 1924 , and the ensuing suspicions of a coverup .
The Lütfullah Aksungur Sports Hall ( Turkish : Lütfullah Aksungur Spor Salonu ) is an indoor arena for handball competitions located in Adana , Turkey .
The American School of Yaounde ( ASOY ) in Quartier du Lac , Yaoundé , Cameroon , is an independent coeducational school founded in 1964 , which offers an educational program from nursery through grade 12 for students of all nationalities .
The Institute for Financial Management and Research ( IFMR ) , is a business school located at Sri City , in Andhra Pradesh , India , about 70 km from Chennai .
Magoula ( Greek : Μαγούλα ) is a district of modern Sparta city in Laconia , Greece .
Nesar Abbas ( Persian : نسارعباس‎ , also Romanized as Nesār ʿAbbās ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Château de la Garoupe is a château located near Garoupe Beach in Antibes , France .
Augusto Severo International Airport ( Portuguese : Aeroporto Internacional Augusto Severo ) ( IATA : NAT , ICAO : SBNT ) , formerly called Parnamirim Airport , was the airport that served Natal , Brazil , located in the adjoining municipality of Parnamirim .
Monument of Lihula is the colloquial name of a monument commemorating the Estonians who fought for Estonia against the Soviet Union in World War II , located in Lagedi near Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
The Ruffinihaus ( `` Ruffini House '' ) is a group of three houses ( also known as Ruffinihäuser ) on the Rindermarkt ( `` cattle market '' ) 10 in the Old Town of Munich , Germany .
The Alcázar of Toledo ( Spanish : Alcázar de Toledo , IPA : ( alˈkaθar ðe toˈleðo ) ) is a stone fortification located in the highest part of Toledo , Spain .
Bałtrucie ( bau̯ˈtrut͡ɕe ) ( German Tonnenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Belgium 's most important rock climbing area , Rocher de Freyr , is situated south of Anseremme towards Falmigoul .
The Prism Prize is a national juried award recognizing the artistry of the modern music video in Canada .
Suhi Potok ( pronounced ( ˈsuːxi ˈpɔːtɔk ) ; formerly also Suha vas ; German : Dürnbach or Durnbach ; Gottscheerish : Dürnpoch ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Kyung Hee University is a private , research university encompassing an educational system from kindergarten to graduate school with campuses in Seoul , Suwon , and Gwangneung ( on the outskirts of Namyangju city ) , South Korea .
The Museum of Municipal Engineering in Kraków or the Muzeum Inżynierii Miejskiej w Krakowie is a municipal museum in Kraków , Poland ; located at ul . św .
Dalgeh ( Persian : دلگه‎ , also Romanized as Delgeh ) is a village in Bahmanshir - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Radial Road 6 is the 6th Radial road in Metro Manila , in the Philippines .
Procida ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈprɔːtʃida ) ) is one of the Flegrean Islands off the coast of Naples in southern Italy .
The Karachi Cantonment ( Urdu : کراچی چھاؤنی ‎ ) is a cantonment town of the city of Karachi , in Sindh , Pakistan .
Klosterneuburg Monastery ( German : Stift Klosterneuburg ) is a twelfth - century Augustinian monastery of the Roman Catholic Church located in the town of Klosterneuburg in Lower Austria .
Mukuba University is located in university in Garneton ( Itimpi ) , Kitwe , Zambia .
Gogrial , or Qaqriyal , is a town in South Sudan .
Huxian Airport is an airport , located about 15 miles south - southwest of Xianyang ( Shaanxi Province ) in the People 's Republic of China .
Lobček ( pronounced ( ˈloːptʃək ) ) is a settlement southeast of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Mantzavinata ( Greek : Μαντζαβινάτα ) is a village in the southwest of Kefalonia island , Greece , where the famous Mantzavino Wine is sold .
Silver Stream Railway is a heritage railway at Silverstream in the Hutt Valley near Wellington , New Zealand .
Rish Pass ( Bulgarian : Ришки проход , Rishki Prohod ) is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains ( Stara Planina ) in Bulgaria .
Piaski Górne ( ˈpjaski ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wołosate ( vɔwɔˈsatɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Волосате , Volosate ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Gibsons is a coastal community of 4,200 located in southwestern British Columbia , Canada on the Strait of Georgia .
Güneyçartar ( also , Gioune - Tchartar , Gyune - Chertaz , and Gyuneychartar Armenian : Ղոլզէ Ճարտար ) is a village de jure in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan , de facto in the Martuni Rayon of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic .
Yumbel Trilahue Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Yumbel Trilahue , ICAO : SCYB ) is a public use airport located 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) east - southeast of Yumbel , Bío Bío , Chile .
The Fogg Dam Conservation Reserve is a wetland area approximately 70 km ( 43 mi ) east of Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia .
CHRQ - FM ( 106.9 FM ) is a radio station that broadcasts a community radio format to the Listuguj , Quebec , Canada area .
Budki Borovskiye ( Polish : Borowskie Budki ; or , Budki Borowskie ) is a village in Rivne Oblast , Ukraine .
Radio Sole , formerly known as Radio Daisy International , is an Independent Local Radio station based in Galatina ( Lecce ) , Southern Italy .
Shinyanga , also known as Shinyanga mji in the local Swahili language , is a city in northern Tanzania .
Pagwi is a village and township on the Sepik River in East Sepik Province of Papua New Guinea , northeast of Ambunti .
Lagganstown ( Irish : Baile an Logáin , meaning `` Logan 's town '' ) is a townland of the Roman Catholic parish of New Inn and Knockgraffon , in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Monte Faito is a mountain in the Monti Lattari , a small chain in the Campanian Pre - Apennines , in the Sorrentine Peninsula , southern Italy .
Harivand ( Persian : هريوند‎ , also Romanized as Harīvand and Harīwand ; also known as Harīvaneh ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Deux Balés National Park is a national park located in central eastern Burkina Faso .
We Sammarinese ( Italian : Noi Sammarinesi , NS ) is a centrist political party in San Marino , actually in federation with the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party .
Fairvale High School is a comprehensive coeducational high school located in Fairfield West , Sydney , Australia .
Fastnet Rock , or simply Fastnet ( possibly from Old Norse Hvasstann - ey , meaning `` sharp - tooth isle '' ; called Carraig Aonair , meaning `` lonely rock '' , in Irish ) is a small islet in the Atlantic Ocean and the most southerly point of Ireland .
Sbata ( Arabic : سباتة‎ ) is an arrondissement of Casablanca , in the Ben M'Sick district of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco .
Huércal - Overa is a village and a municipality of Almería province , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain , located near the border with the province of Murcia .
Mhlangeni ( also known as Hertzog ) is a settlement in Amathole District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Dobarsko ( Bulgarian : Добърско ( ˈdɔbərsku ) ) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria , part of Razlog Municipality , Blagoevgrad Province .
New Valamo or New Valaam ( Finnish : Valamon luostari , or more informally , esp . in the postal address : Uusi - Valamo ) is an Orthodox monastery in Heinävesi , Finland .
The Sultan Ali of Johor Mausoleum ( Malay : Makam Sultan Ali ) is the mausoleum of Sultan Ali of Johor in Malacca , Malaysia .
Seobu Library is a public library in Seo - gu , Daegu , South Korea .
Global Christian Foreign School ( commonly GCFS , or Korean 지구촌기독외국인학교 and formerly Global Christian School ) is a private , international K-12 school in Seoul , South Korea that was founded in 1996 .
Cagliari Elmas Airport ( IATA : CAG , ICAO : LIEE ) is an international airport located in the territory of Elmas , near Cagliari , on the island of Sardinia , Italy .
Darreh Chenar ( Persian : دره چنار‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Chenār and Darreh - ye Chenār ; also known as Dar - i - Chinār and Darreh Chinār ) is a village in Kamazan - e Sofla Rural District , Zand District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Isuobiangwu , is a village in southeastern Nigeria .
The Winter Fuel Payment is a state benefit paid once per year in the United Kingdom to qualifying individuals .
It was rebuilt in the 15th century after Stirling suffered a catastrophic fire in 1405 , and is reputed to be the only surviving church in the United Kingdom apart from Westminster Abbey to have held a coronation .
Mazraeh - ye Rajab Zari ( Persian : مزرعه رجب زارعي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Rajab Zār``ī ) is a village in Gel Berenji Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The San Esteban National Park ( in Spanish Parque Nacional San Esteban ) is located in Carabobo , Venezuela .
Sirsa district ( Hindi : सिरसा ज़िला ; Punjabi : ਸਿਰਸਾ ਜ਼ਿਲਾ ) is one of the districts of Haryana state , India .
Schengen Castle ( French : Château de Schengen ) is located in the village of Schengen in the south - east of Luxembourg close to the borders with France and Germany .
Deh Rais ( Persian : ده رييس‎ , also Romanized as Deh Ra’īs ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sinaboi is a fishing village in Rokan Regency , Riau , Indonesia .
Szylina Wielka ( ʂɨˈlʲina ˈvʲɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Dar Zanguiyeh ( Persian : درزنگوييه‎ , also Romanized as Dar Zangū’īyeh ; also known as Dar Zangū and Zangū’īyeh ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Aylmer Spitfires are a Canadian junior hockey team based in Aylmer , Ontario , Canada .
Kfar Ruppin ( Hebrew : כְּפַר רוּפִּין , lit . Ruppin Village ) is a kibbutz in the Beit She'an Valley about 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) southeast of Beit She'an in northern Israel .
Narkhed - Amravati Railway line is a new project whose stone laying function had presided by the then Prime Minister of India Late Shri P. V. Narasimha Rao .
Waldsiedlung ( English : Forest settlement ) was the secure housing zone built for the leaders of former East Germany .
San Miguel de Allende ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san mi'ɣel de a'ʎende ) ) is a city and municipality located in the far eastern part of the state of Guanajuato in central Mexico .
Landsjö Church ( Swedish : Landsjökyrkan ) is a church building in Kaxholmen in Sweden .
Dobsonville is a township in greater Soweto , Johannesburg , South Africa .
Manzoulé is a village in the Bagassi Department of Balé Province in southern Burkina Faso .
Kubschütz ( Sorbian : Kubšicy ) is a municipality in the district of Bautzen , in Saxony , Germany .
Semily ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈsɛmɪlɪ ) ; German : Semil ) is a town in the Semily District , Liberec Region , of northern Bohemia in the Czech Republic .
The Sambadrome Marquês de Sapucaí ( Passarela Professor Darcy Ribeiro or Sambódromo in Portuguese ) or simply Sambadrome is a purpose - built parade area in downtown Rio de Janeiro , Brazil where samba schools parade competitively each year during the Rio Carnival .
Dzierzążnia ( d͡ʑeˈʐɔ̃ʐɲa ) is a village in Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The 22nd Air Base ( Polish : 22 . Baza Lotnicza ) is a Polish Air Force Air Force Base east of Malbork , Poland , near the village of Królewo Malborskie .
Deh - e Nasran ( Persian : ده نصران‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Naṣrān ; also known as Deh - e Nazri ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tsetsebjwe is a village in the Bobirwa sub - district of the Central District of Botswana .
Trondheim Heliport , Rosten ( ICAO : ENRT ; Norwegian : Trondheim helikopterplass , Rosten ) is a heliport situated in Vestre Rosten in the Tiller neighborhood of Trondheim Norway .
Torfajökull ( Icelandic for `` Torfi 's glacier '' ) is a rhyolitic stratovolcano and complex of subglacial volcanoes , located north of Mýrdalsjökull and south of Þórisvatn Lake , Iceland .
Sørkjosen ( Northern Sami : Reaššegeahči , Kven : Rässikäinen ) is a village in the municipality of Nordreisa in Troms county , Norway .
His new approach would , he claimed , make the Illuminati more attractive to prospective members in the Protestant kingdoms of Germany .
Mazraeh - ye Hoseyn Shabani ( Persian : مزرعه حسين شعباني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩoseyn Sha``bānī ) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Basilica of Our Lady of Lanka is a Roman Catholic church with basilica status located in Tewatte , Sri Lanka .
Anteczków ( anˈtɛt͡ʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Viladecans ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌbiɫəðəˈkans ) ) is a large town very close to Barcelona , Spain .
Xosrov ( also , Khosrov ) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tseri ( also known as Seri or Xeri ; Greek : Tσέρι ; Turkish : Çeri ) is a south suburb of Nicosia , Cyprus .
Cape Negrais , also known as Pagoda Point or Mawtin Point ( Mawtin Zoon ) , is a cape in Burma ( Myanmar ) , west of the Irrawaddy Delta .
The Grand Hotel Rimini is a five star - hotel located in Rimini , Italy .
Tsaghkalanj ( Armenian : Ծաղկալանջ , also Romanized as Tsakhkaladzh ; until 1978 , Agdzhakala and Aghjaghala ) is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
In the 1960s , Labrador City was founded to accommodate employees of the Iron Ore Company of Canada , and iron ore mining continues to be the primary industry in the town .
Kahn - e Mahalleh - ye Pain ( Persian : كهن محله پايين‎ , also Romanized as Kahn - e Maḩalleh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Sharqi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mynämäki ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈmynæˌmæki ) ) ( swe . Virmo ) is a municipality of Finland located in the Southwest Finland region .
Goyang city ( Goyang - si ; Korean pronunciation : ( kojaŋ ) ) is located north of Seoul ( the capital of South Korea ) , and the city can be easily accessed through Seoul Ring- Express and Jayuro Expressway within 20 minutes .
Sjøgata ( Norwegian : ' Sea Street ' ) is a historic and picturesque area running along the mouth of the river Vefsna in Mosjøen , a town in the traditional district of Helgeland in the county of Nordland , Norway .
Weekly Economic Times is a weekly newspaper of Bangladesh , is led by Shaukat Mahmood .
Ruidar Emamabad ( Persian : روئيدر امام اباد‎ , also Romanized as Rū’īdar Emāmābād ; also known as Rū’īdar and Rūydar ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Duékoué Department is a department of Guémon Region in Montagnes District , Ivory Coast .
The Padanian Union ( Unione Padana , UP ) is a Padanist and separatist political party active in Lombardy , Italy .
Poundstock ( Cornish : Tregorlann ) is a civil parish and a hamlet on the north coast of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Larne Harbour railway station , Larne , County Antrim , Northern Ireland , serves the ferry port for ferries to Cairnryan and Troon .
Mugello Circuit ( Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello ) is a race track in Mugello , Tuscany , Italy .
Ezra 's Tomb or the Tomb of Ezra ( Arabic : العزير‎ Al-ʻUzair , Al-ʻUzayr , Al - Azair ) is a location in Iraq on the western shore of the Tigris that was popularly believed to be the burial place of the biblical figure Ezra .
Selo pri Kostelu ( pronounced ( ˈsɛːlɔ pɾi kɔˈsteːlu ) ) is a small settlement west of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Frankfield is a town in the parish of Clarendon in central Jamaica .
Livarden is a mountain in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Torre del Café has 36 floors , with a roof height of 520 feet , making it the second tallest skyscraper in Medellin after the 175 metre ( 574 feet ) high skyscraper , the Torre Coltejer , and the tenth tallest in Colombia .
XHNT - FM is the callsign of a radio station in La Paz , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
Boslymon is a hamlet in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom three miles ( 5 km ) south of Bodmin .
Tell Jemaah ( Arabic : تل جمعة‎ ) , also known as Halmoun ( هلمون ) , is a village near Tell Tamer in western al - Hasakah Governorate , northeastern Syria .
Le Saint ( Breton : Ar Sent ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Jemielno ( jɛˈmjɛlnɔ ) ( German : Gimmel ) is a village in Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Maasbüll ( Danish : Masbøl ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Taherabad - e Barbaryeha ( Persian : طاهرابادبربريها‎ , also Romanized as Ţāherābād - e Barbaryehā ; also known as Ţāherābād - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 42 , in 11 families .
Tartu railway station ( Estonian : Tartu raudteejaam ) is the main railway station in Tartu , Estonia .
Jameh ( Persian : جمعه‎ , also Romanized as Jamʿeh ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dunleer ( Irish : Dún Léire ) is a town and townland in County Louth , Ireland .
Hohwacht Bay ( German : Hohwachter Bucht ) is a wide bay in the state of Schleswig - Holstein on Germany 's Baltic Sea coastline .
MS Nordkapp is a Hurtigruten ( Norwegian Coastal Express ) ship built in 1996 by Kleven Verft AS , Norway , for Ofotens og Vesteraalens Dampskibsselskab for use in Hurtigruten ferry service along the coast of Norway .
Neumann was invited by the British government to oversee the refinement of sugar in Bury St Edmunds and , with his family , emigrated to the United Kingdom .
Latur district ( ) is a district in Maharashtra state of India .
Santiago Millas is a municipality located in La Maragatería , province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Paseo La Plaza is a cultural and commercial complex in the San Nicolás section of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
St. Xavier 's High School , Nerul is the first convent school of Nerul , Navi Mumbai , India .
Nova Varoš ( Cyrillic script : Нова Варош , pronounced ( nɔ̂v̞aː v̞ǎːrɔʃ ) ) is a town and municipality in Zlatibor District of Serbia .
Mir Bankesh ( Persian : ميربنكش‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Bankesh and Mīr Bangesh ; also known as Mīr Nabgesh ) is a village in Meyami Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Al - Sharafiyah Madrasa ( Arabic : المدرسة الشرفية‎ ) is a madrasah complex in Aleppo , Syria .
Brzeźno - Kolonia ( ˈbʐɛʑnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Drothem Church ( Swedish : Drothems kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in Söderköping , Sweden .
Pohoří na Šumavě ( German : Buchers , Bucherwald , Buchers bei Kaplitz , Buchers i m Böhmerwald , Czech : Puchéř , Buchoř ( 1869 - -1910 ) or Půchoří ) is a former village and municipality ( obec ) in Český Krumlov District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
International Orthodox Christian Charities , Inc. ( or IOCC ) , based in Baltimore , Maryland , is the official international humanitarian agency of the Assembly of Canonical Orthodox Bishops of the United States of America .
The Tbilisi Metro ( Georgian : თბილისის მეტროპოლიტენი ) is a rapid transit metro system in Tbilisi , Georgia .
Lokutu ( sometimes spelled Lukutu ) is a town in Orientale Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Bode Museum is one of the groups of museums on the Museum Island in Berlin , Germany ; it is a historically preserved building .
As of 2011 Census of India , Narakodur had a population of 6,564 with 1800 households .
The Kandersteg International Scout Centre ( KISC ) is an international Scout centre in Kandersteg , Switzerland .
Faizobod ( Tajik : Файзобод ; Persian : فیض‌آباد‎ ) is a city in Tajikistan .
St Erth railway station is situated at Rose - an - Grouse in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Hvítárvatn ( also known as Hvítárlón ) is a lake in the Highlands of Iceland and the source of the glacial river Hvítá .
Ligota Oleska ( liˈɡɔta ɔˈlɛska ) ( German : Ellguth ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The City Church of Bremgarten ( German : Stadtkirche Bremgarten ) is a listed heritage building in the city of Bremgarten , Canton of Aargau , Switzerland .
The Benevolent Society , founded by Edward Smith Hall in 1813 , is Australia 's first charity .
For example , the 1990 formation of the first Recycling Education Centre in Australia by the Gould League of Victoria and the Waste Wise Schools program significantly reduced the waste to landfill produced by schools .
Scandinavium ( Swedish pronunciation : ( skandɪˈnɑːvjɵm ) ) is an indoor arena located in Gothenburg , Sweden .
The Höftsee is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland in North Germany .
Haderslev ( German : Hadersleben ) is a Danish town of Region of Southern Denmark with a population of 21,574 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Manase is a village on the central north coast of Savai'i island in Samoa in the political district of Gagaifomauga . Situated by the sea with a white sandy beach , Manase has become a popular tourist destination since the 1990s with low budget and locally owned beach fale accommodation .
Renziani , previously known as Now ! ( Adesso ! ) and Big Bang , is a liberal and modernizing movement within the Democratic Party ( PD ) , a political party in Italy .
The Franciscan Friary , Baja , is a Franciscan friary in the city of Baja in the Southern Great Plain Region of Hungary .
Namtok Phlio National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติน้ำตกพลิ้ว ) is a national park in Chanthaburi Province , Thailand .
The Honde Valley extends from the eastern border of Zimbabwe into Mozambique .
Lourdata is a village on the island of Cephalonia , Greece .
Tabestan Neshin ( Persian : تابستان نشين‎ , also Romanized as Tābestān Neshīn ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Suszeń ( ˈsuʂɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Langs de Vecht en d'oude Rijnstroom is the provincial anthem of Utrecht , Netherlands .
Lake Lestijärvi is a medium - sized lake of Central Ostrobothnia , Finland .
The King Abdullah I Mosque in Amman , Jordan was built between 1982 and 1989 .
The Port of Montreal ( French : Port de Montréal ) is a port and transshipment point on the St. Lawrence River in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Davi Sara ( Persian : دعوي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Da``vī Sarā ; also known as Da``vá Sarā ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 204 , in 63 families .
Ánir ( ˈɔanɪɹ ) , also Ánirnar ( ˈɔanɪɹnaɹ ) ( Danish : Åerne ) is a village in the Faroe Islands on the northern island of Borðoy .
The Oneia Mountains ( Greek : Όνεια Όρη or Oneia Ori ) are a low mountain range in Corinthia , northeastern Peloponnese , Greece .
Moqitiyeh ( Persian : مقيطيه‎ , also Romanized as Moqītīyeh and Moqeyţīyeh ; also known as Mogheyţīyeh and Moghitiyeh ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bolenge is a village located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Aksara Records is one of the largest independent music label in Indonesia .
Cortober ( Irish : Corr an Tobair , meaning `` round hill of the spring well '' ) is a townland in County Roscommon , Ireland .
Salalah is the second largest city in the Sultanate of Oman , and the largest city in the Dhofar Province .
Tampere Cathedral ( Finnish : Tampereen tuomiokirkko , Swedish : Tammerfors domkyrka ) is a Lutheran church in Tampere , Finland , and the seat of the Diocese of Tampere .
Ramgopal Mancha ( রামগোপাল মঞ্চ ) is a theater auditorium located in Howrah , West Bengal , India .
San Rafael del Río ( Spanish ) or Sant Rafael Del Riu ( Valencian ) is a municipality in the province of Castellón , Valencian Community , Spain .
Gilleleje station is the main railway station serving the fishing port and seaside resort town of Gilleleje on the north coast of Zealand , Denmark .
Al Fejeij , or Al Fjeij is an oasis in southwestern Libya .
Rasool Nagar is a small city in Gujranwala District , situated on the bank of the Chenab River in Punjab , Pakistan .
Mövdüt ( also , Modut ) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mengyin County ( simplified Chinese : 蒙阴县 ; traditional Chinese : 蒙陰縣 ; pinyin : Méngyīn Xiàn ) is a county of southwestern Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Satansnek Pass , or just Satansnek , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , on the road between Mthatha and Cala , Eastern Cape .
Bedburg is a town in the Rhein - Erft - Kreis , North Rhine - Westphalia of Germany with 25,000 residents .
Orelec ( ɔˈrɛlɛt͡s ) ( Ukrainian : Орелець , Orelets '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Surrey North was a federal electoral district in British Columbia , Canada , that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1988 .
Mecklenburg ( , Low German : Mękelborg ) is a historical region in northern Germany comprising the western and larger part of the federal - state Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
The Rijnlands Lyceum Foundation is an educational organisation in the Netherlands encompassing seven different schools offering both primary and secondary education .
Satag ( Persian : ستگ‎ ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Foz do Douro ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈfɔʃ du ˈdowɾu ) , meaning `` Mouth of the Douro '' ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Porto , Portugal .
The Great Brăila Island ( Romanian : Insula Mare a Brăilei ) is an island on the Danube river in the Brăila County , Romania .
The Lebanese German University , LGU is a higher educational institution in Jounieh , Lebanon .
Kadisha Valley ( Arabic : وادي قاديشا‎ ) , also romanized as the Qadisha Valley and also known as the Kadisha Gorge or Wadi Kadisha ( French : Ouadi Qadisha ) , is a gorge that lies within the Becharre and Zgharta Districts of the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Kilamba Kiaxi is one of the six urban districts that make up the municipality of Luanda , in the province of Luanda , Angola 's capital .
L'Aquila ( Italian : ( ˈlaːkwila ) , meaning `` The Eagle '' ) is a city and comune in Central Italy , both the capital city of the Abruzzo region and of the Province of L'Aquila .
Darreh Kerdi ( Persian : دره كردي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Kerdī ; also known as Barz , Borz , Bowrz , and Burz ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gursar ( Persian : گورسر‎ , also Romanized as Gūrsar ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Carlton Trail Regional College is a publicly funded regional college with four campuses in the province of Saskatchewan , Canada .
Attock Bridge ( Urdu : اٹک پل ‎‎ ) is situated between Attock Khurd and Khairabad Kund on Indus river in Pakistan .
Dul Kalan ( Persian : دول كلان‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Kalān ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District , in the Zagros District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Atoll Council , Atoll house , Atoll Hospital , Atoll Education Centre , Police Station , Mahibadhoo Social Centre , Bank of Maldives Mahibadhoo Branch , Traditional Mosque , Masgid al - ihsan mosque , and football ground .
Pasir Panjang Pillbox is a concrete defensive structure in southwestern Singapore
Lega Lombardo Veneta ( Lombard Venetian League , LLV ) is a right - wing social - democratic political party active in Northern Italy .
The City Bank was an early bank in Ontario in the 19th century and merged with Royal Canadian Bank to form Consolidated Bank of Canada in 1876 .
Cicurug is a sub - district of Sukabumi regency in West Java , Indonesia .
Vegaskarð ( English : Road Pass ) is a mountain pass in Norður - Múlasýsla county , Iceland , between Víðidalur valley , and Möðrudalur and Möðrudalsöræfi wilderness .
The Peter MacKinnon Building is a National Historic Site of Canada which is part of the University of Saskatchewan ( U of S ) .
Veys ( Persian : ويس‎‎ , also Romanized as Vais and Wais ) is a city in and the capital of Veys District , in Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Montecristo National Park is located in the North - western tip of the country of El Salvador , a country in Central America known for its wild life diversity .
La Spezia ( Italian : ( la ˈspɛttsja ) ; Spèza in the local dialect of Ligurian ) , at the head of the Gulf of La Spezia in the Liguria region of northern Italy , is the capital city of the province of La Spezia .
Qaleh - ye Deh Khanjan ( Persian : قلعه دهخانجان‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Deh Khānjān ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 85 , in 22 families .
Vĩnh Gia is a rural commune ( xã ) and village of the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province , Vietnam .
Waterford Kamhlaba United World College of Southern Africa ( UWCSA ) is one of fifteen international UWC schools and colleges and is located in Mbabane , Swaziland .
Barkeh - ye Sheykh ( Persian : بركه شيخ‎ ) is a village in Fin Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Fairhills High School is a government high school located in Knoxfield , Victoria , a suburb of Melbourne , Australia .
Mowtowr - e Baluch Mohammad Jadgal ( Persian : موتوربلوچ محمدجدگال‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Balūch Moḩammad Jadgāl ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Valnesfjord Church ( Norwegian : Valnesfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county , Norway .
Xanərəb ( also , Khanarab ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Grönåsens Älgpark ( English : Grönåsens Moosepark ) is a Swedish zoo in Kosta , Lessebo kommun i Kronobergs län , in Sweden .
Pico de Malpaso ( English : `` difficult step peak '' ) is the highest point on the island of El Hierro in the Canary Islands , Spain .
Lega Nord Marche ( English : North League Marche ) is a regionalist political party in Italy which is the `` national '' ( hence , regional ) section of Lega Nord in the Marche region .
Greater Santo Domingo ( Spanish : Gran Santo Domingo ) is a term commonly used referring to the metropolitan area of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic .
Tarariras , is a small city in the south of the Colonia Department of southern Uruguay .
Hingol mud volcano ( Urdu : ہنگول‎ ) are located in Makran District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Hablerud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان حبلرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
La Cumbre Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto La Cumbre , IATA : LCM , ICAO : SACC ) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) southwest of La Cumbre , Córdoba , Argentina .
Bela Peč ( pronounced ( ˈbeːla ˈpeːtʃ ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Degem is one of the woredas in Semien Shewa Zone of Oromiya Region in Ethiopia .
Vagia ( Greek : Βάγια ) is a small town and a former municipality in Boeotia , Greece .
Nørre Stenbro is a small neighborhood in the city of Aarhus , Denmark home to some 3,000 residents .
Nowe Skalmierzyce ( ˈnɔvɛ skalmʲɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Neu Skalmierschütz ) is a town and its surrounding municipality in Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tupi Paulista ( before 1953 : Gracianópolis ) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
RCS Sport is a sport and a media company that operates mainly in Italy in the sports sector , as part of RCS MediaGroup .
The Grand Codroy Estuary is a 925 hectare wetland on the southwestern coast of the island of Newfoundland in Canada , approximately 30 km north of Port aux Basques .
Węglewice - Kolonia ( vɛŋɡlɛˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sonthofen is the most southerly town of Germany , located in the Oberallgäu region of the Bavarian Alps .
Breisgau - Hochschwarzwald ( French : Brisgau - Haute - Forêt - Noire ) is a district ( Kreis ) in the south of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Landhuishotel Bloemenbeek is a hotel in De Lutte , Netherlands , set in 2.5 hectare grounds .
Trøndelag Teater is a large theater in the city of Trondheim , in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Freinsheim ( German : ( ˈfʁaɪnshaɪm ) ; Palatine German : Fränsem ) is a town in the Bad Dürkheim district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Worli creek is a creek located in the Worli suburb of Mumbai , India .
Nybrogatan ( Swedish for `` New Bridge Street '' ) is a street in the borough of Östermalm in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Guédiawaye is a town and département of the Dakar Region of Senegal .
Bohal ( Bohal in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Perim ( Arabic : بريم‎ ( Barīm ) ) , also called Mayyun in Arabic , is a volcanic island in the Strait of Mandeb at the south entrance into the Red Sea , off the southwest coast of Yemen and belonging to Yemen .
Radoblje ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːdɔbljɛ ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Eptakomi ( Greek : Επτακώμη , Turkish : Yedikonuk ) is a village in Cyprus , located on the Karpas Peninsula .
Kh'Leang Temple is a notable Theravada Buddhist temple in Sóc Trăng , a town in the Mekong Delta region of southern Vietnam .
Brusdalsvatnet is a large lake on the island of Oksenøya in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Schreiner Airways was a charter , passenger and cargo airline based in the Netherlands .
The Confederation of African Football ( CAF ) section of the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification saw 52 teams competing for 5 spots of the 32 spots in the final tournament in Brazil .
The Teatro Comunale Alighieri is an opera house located at 2 Via Mariani in Ravenna , Italy and designed by the Venetian architects , Tommaso Meduna and his brother , Giambattista who had designed the second La Fenice theatre after the fire of 1836 .
Lay assessors are used by the government of the United Kingdom to evaluate the quality of service provided by government agencies to the public and citizens of the United Kingdom .
Touila is a settlement in the Sahara Desert of south - west Algeria on the border of Mauritania .
Vengurla is a town in Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra , India just north of Goa .
Boon Keng MRT Station ( NE9 ) is located on the North East Line on the Mass Rapid Transit system in Singapore , serving the area of Kallang .
Sulluku Llawa ( sulluku local name for Sapindus saponaria , a tree , Quechua llawa broken glass with sharp edges , hispanicized spelling Sullucullahua ) is a mountain in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 m ( 17,060 ft ) high .
The Fauna Foundation is the only chimpanzee sanctuary in Canada .
Rogatec nad Želimljami ( pronounced ( ɾɔˈɡaːtəts nat ʒɛˈliːmljami ) ) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Golo in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia .
The Vondelpark is a public urban park of 47 hectares ( 120 acres ) in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The Scheer Memorial Hospital is a Seventh - day Adventist hospital in Banepa , Nepal .
Town Bridge Halt railway station served Town Bridge near Stranorlar in County Donegal , Ireland .
Smedsby ( Finnish : Sepänkylä ) is a village in Korsholm in Finland
The Northern Limestone Alps ( German : Nördliche Kalkalpen ) , also called the Northern Calcareous Alps , are the ranges of the Eastern Alps north of the Central Eastern Alps located in Austria and the adjacent Bavarian lands of southeastern Germany .
The Montserrat Rack Railway ( Catalan : Cremallera de Montserrat , IPA : ( kɾəməˈʎeɾə ðə munsəˈrat ) ) is a mountain railway line north of Barcelona in Catalonia , Spain .
Cataract Dam , one of four dams and weirs in the catchment of the Upper Nepean Scheme , in New South Wales , Australia , provides water to the Macarthur and Illawarra regions , the Wollondilly Shire , and metropolitan Sydney .
Ranem Church ( Norwegian : Ranem kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Vələver ( Armenian : Վաղավեր , Vaghaver ; also , Vələvər , Valavar , and Valaver ) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Inntrøndelag or Inn - Trøndelag is a traditional district that encompasses the southern half of Nord - Trøndelag county in Norway .
Pojhi Kapoor ( Hindi : पोझी कपूर Urdu : پوجھ بجرگ / کپور ‎ ) is a village and part of Bhualpur Panchayat of Saran district , Bihar , India .
Clas på Hörnet is a hotel and restaurant on Surbrunnsgatan in Vasastan , Stockholm , Sweden , located to the northeast of the Stockholm School of Economics .
Kolonia Złotki ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈzwɔtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Khanavar Sara ( Persian : خاناورسرا‎ , also Romanized as Khānāvar Sarā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tolombeh - ye Dabbaghha ( Persian : تلمبه دباغها‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Dabbāghhā ) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District , Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pireh Yusefan ( Persian : پيره يوسفيان‎ , also Romanized as Pīreh Yūsefān ; also known as Bareh Yūsofān , Baresfān , Barreh Yūsofān , Pereh Yūsofān , and Pirasuvar ) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Merdeka Palace ( Indonesian : Istana Merdeka ; also known in Indonesian as Istana Gambir and during colonial times as Paleis te Koningsplein ) , is one of six presidential palaces in Indonesia .
Skaistkalne ( formerly Šēnberga , German : Schönberg ) is a village in Vecumnieki Municipality , Latvia , and the centre of Skaistkalne parish .
Fošt ( pronounced ( ˈfoːʃt ) ) is a settlement in the foothills of the Pohorje range west of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Accurate Institute of Management and Technology is an engineering college and graduate business school in Greater Noida , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Zeytinburnu ( literally , Olive Cape ) is a working - class neighbourhood , municipality ( belediye ) and district on the European side of İstanbul , Turkey , on the shore of the Marmara Sea just outside the walls of the ancient city , beyond the fortress of Yedikule .
Acoz Castle , also known as the Château Pirmez , is a château in Acoz in the municipality of Gerpinnes , Hainaut , Belgium .
Na Logu ( pronounced ( na ˈloːɡu ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Max Planck Institute for Terrestrial Microbiology ( German : Max - Planck - Institut für terrestrische Mikrobiologie ) is a research institute for terrestrial microbiology in Marburg , Germany .
The Scuola di San Giorgio degli Schiavoni in Venice , northern Italy , was one of the city 's historical scuole ( confraternity houses ) .
Lanka Hospitals , ( CSE : LHCL.N0000 ) formerly known as Apollo Hospitals Colombo is a multi - specialty tertiary care hospital in Sri Lanka and is one of the largest private hospitals in the country .
The 2015 Ron Massey Cup is the 15th season of the semi - professional development level rugby league competition in New South Wales , Australia , run jointly by the New South Wales Rugby League and the Country Rugby League of New South Wales .
Sohagpur is also known for capital of Gondvana Princely state ruled under Nawab Kavi Us Jafar Alvi in British India .
Integrated Security Unit ( ISU ) ( French : Groupe intégré de la sécurité - GIS ) is a joint - services infrastructure security unit created to secure major events in Canada .
Bukit Batok Road ( Chinese : 武吉巴督路 ) is a road in Bukit Batok , Singapore .
Nikis Avenue or Nikes Avenue ( Greek : Λεωφόρος Νίκης , transl . Leofóros Níkis , `` Victory Avenue '' ) is the central waterfront avenue in Thessaloniki , Greece .
Kingargali is a village located in Buner District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , Pakistan .
Otoyol 50 ( English : Motorway 50 ) , abbreviated as O-50 , aka Adana Çevreyolu ( English : Adana Beltway ) , is a motorway in Adana , Turkey that forms a half ring road around the city .
The Valley of Geysers ( Russian : Долина гейзеров ) is a geyser field on Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia , and has the second largest concentration of geysers in the world .
TV - Byen is the former headquarters of national Danish broadcaster DR , located in Gladsaxe , approximately 14 kilometres northwest of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Vlčnov is a village and municipality located in Zlín Region of the Czech Republic , in the cultural region of Moravian Slovakia ( Slovácko ) .
The Rund um Düren is a cycling road race held in mid - April in Germany .
Dolenje Kamenje pri Dobrniču ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈkaːmɛnjɛ pɾi ˈdoːbəɾnitʃu ) ) is a small settlement west of Dobrnič in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Puok District is one of twelve districts in Siem Reap Province , in northwestern Cambodia .
Boz Hal ( Persian : بزهل‎ , also Romanized as Bozhol ) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Qaleh - ye Afghan ( Persian : قلعه افغان‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Afghān ) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 545 , in 111 families .
Pukerua Bay is a small seaside community at the southern end of the Kapiti Coast , New Zealand .
The Wissberg is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located east of Engelberg in Central Switzerland .
Regina / Aerogate Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAG2 ) , is located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) north of Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Jufurush ( Persian : جوفروش‎ , also Romanized as Jūfurūsh ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Eslam Sadaqet ( Persian : مزرعه اسلام صداقت‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Eslām Şadāqet ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 143 , in 34 families .
Vračevce ( Macedonian : Врачевце ) is a settlement in northeastern Republic of Macedonia , in the municipality of Staro Nagoričane .
Tryvann stadion was a speed skating rink located at Tryvannshøyden in Oslo , Norway .
Queenstown Events Centre or John Davies Oval or Davies Park is a multi - purpose sports stadium located in Queenstown , Otago in the South Island of New Zealand .
Loreta is a large pilgrimage destination in Hradčany , a district of Prague , Czech Republic .
The San Ildefonso College currently is a museum and cultural center in Mexico City , considered to be the birthplace of the Mexican muralism movement .
Gudiños is a small town in the state of Querétaro , Mexico , located between the towns of Colón and Tolimán .
Kalai Surkh ( Persian : قلعه سرخ ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
The Gaia Foundation of Western Australia is an organization associated with the Gaia Movement .
Thakurgaon Airport ( IATA : TKR , ICAO : VGSG ) is a public use airport located near Thakurgaon , Bangladesh .
Samotlor Field is the largest oil field of Russia and the sixth largest in the world , owned and operated by TNK - BP .
Cervélo TestTeam ( UCI team code : CTT ) is a former professional cycling team , whose license was held in Switzerland by the cycling management company Cycling United Racing .
The Brisbane River cod was a unique form of Maccullochella cod that occurred naturally in the Brisbane River system , an east coast river system in south east Queensland , Australia .
HNK Branitelj is a football club based in Rodoč , Mostar in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bouvines is a commune in the Nord department in northern France , and a village , on the French - Belgian frontier between Lille and Tournay .
Skorpa Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Skorpa fuglereservat ) is a bird reserve at Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
Yataity del Norte is a town and district in the San Pedro department of Paraguay , you can access this district by Route 8 `` Dr. Blás Garay '' , like most people who were born and grew up on the side of the road , is a laborious community , which focuses on trade and agricultural production .
Swedish national road 99 ( Swedish : Riksväg 99 ) , is a Swedish national road in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden between Haparanda and Karesuando .
Mount Adam Joachim is a mountain four kilometres ENE of Gong Lake in Canada 's Jasper National Park .
Lefortovo Prison ( Russian : Лефортовская тюрьма ) is a prison in Moscow , Russia , which , since 2005 , has been under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Justice of the Russian Federation .
The Château of Vauvenargues ( French : Château de Vauvenargues ) is a fortified bastide in the village of Vauvenargues , situated to the north of Montagne Sainte - Victoire , just outside the town of Aix - en - Provence in the south of France .
Vila Nova de Foz Côa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ ˈfɔʃ ˈkoɐ ) ) is a city and a municipality in the district of Guarda , Portugal .
Yalachigere is a picturesque village in Tumkur District , Karnataka , India .
Cistierna ( Spanish pronunciation : ( θisˈtjerna ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
The Ridnauntal is a side valley of the Eisacktal in South Tyrol , Italy .
The Erythropotamos ( Greek : Ερυθροπόταμος , meaning `` red river '' ) or Luda reka ( Bulgarian : Луда река , meaning `` mad river '' ) is a river in southern Bulgaria ( Haskovo Province ) and northeastern Greece ( Evros regional unit ) .
Canadian Forces Base Lahr ( IATA : LHA , ICAO : EDTL , former code EDAN ) was a military operated commercial airport located in Lahr , Germany .
Hofsós is one of the oldest trading ports in northern Iceland dating back to the 16th century .
Okanagan Mountain Provincial Park is a provincial park within the Okanagan - Similkameen Regional District of British Columbia , Canada , focused on the mountain of the same name and located on the east side of Okanagan Lake , opposite Peachland and immediately south of the City of Kelowna .
Velký Lopeník ( -in Czech , Veľký Lopeník in Slovak ; Hungarian : Nagy Lopenik ) is the second highest mountain in White Carpathians , in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic , on border with Slovakia .
Gammel Strand ( English : Old Beach ) is a street and public square in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Rykantai is a village in Trakai district municipality , Lithuania , 7 kilometres north - west of Lentvaris .
Golišče ( German : Golischberg ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Jevnica in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
The Concurso Literario de La Felguera ( La Felguera Literary Competition ) or Premio Internacional de Relatos Cortos de La Felguera ( La Felguera Short Stories International Award ) is the most important tales competition of Spain and one of the most popular in Spanish language .
The Rovigo Photovoltaic Power Plant is a 70 MW solar photovoltaic ( PV ) plant in Northeast Italy .
Dobrica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Добрица ) is a village in Serbia .
CHNV - FM is an adult hits radio station broadcasting at 103.5 FM in Nelson , British Columbia , Canada and is also heard at 91.9 FM in Crawford Bay with the call sign CHNV - FM-1 .
The Big Pineapple is a heritage - listed tourist attraction on the Sunshine Coast in South East Queensland , Australia .
Monte delle Rose is a mountain in the Monti Sicani , in Sicily , southern Italy .
Vraneštica ( Macedonian : Вранештица ) is a village in Kičevo Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia .
Kapsowar is a small - town Elgeyo - Marakwet County in the former Rift Valley Province , Kenya .
Port of Oulu ( Oulun satama in Finnish ) is a complex of three separate harbours located at the mouth of Oulujoki river in Oulu , Finland .
École Secondaire Assomption is a Francophone high school in Rogersville , New Brunswick , Canada .
Forestry Tasmania is a forest management corporation established by an Act of Parliament and wholly owned by the Government of Tasmania , Australia .
Buddo Island ( Urdu : جزیرہ بدو‎ ) ( also known as Dingi ) is a small island located in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
N'Gattakro ( also spelled Ngatakro ) is a town in east - central Ivory Coast .
In Colindres , the Asón River flows into the Cantabrian Sea forming , the Santoña estuary which is the most important SPA in the north of Spain , which is also known as the Santoña , Victoria and Joyel Marshes Natural Park , which Colindres is a part of .
Jounieh ( Arabic جونيه , or Juniya , جونية ) is a coastal city about north of Beirut , Lebanon and is part of Greater Beirut .
Lake Erçek ( Turkish : Erçek Gölü ; Armenian : Արճակ լիճ ) is an endorheic salt lake in Van Province in eastern Turkey , about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of Lake Van .
Bayankhongor ( Mongolian : Баянхонгор ) is the capital of the Bayankhongor Province ( aimag ) in Mongolia .
Rotoroa Island is an island to the east of Waiheke Island in the Hauraki Gulf of New Zealand .
The Nakhoda Masjid is the principal mosque of Kolkata , India , in the Chitpur area of the Burrabazar business district in Central Kolkata , at the intersection of Zakariya Street and Rabindra Sarani .
The Phyle Cave is a small cave on Mount Parnes near Fyli ( Phyle ) , a suburb of Athens in Attica , Greece .
Otkritie FC Bank ( Russian : Банк `` ФК Открытие '' ) is one of Russia 's largest private listed banks .
Lake Christabel is a small lake in the north of New Zealand 's South Island .
The Chinese Academy of Engineering ( CAE , Chinese : 中国工程院 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Gōngchéng Yuàn ) is the national academy of the People 's Republic of China for engineering .
Tew'o is a town in the southwestern Dikhil region of Djibouti .
Kyrtoni ( Greek : Κυρτώνη , before 1987 : Κολάκα - Kolaka ) is a village in the southeastern part of Phthiotis , Greece .
The National Theater of Korea is a national theatre located in the neighborhood of Jangchung - dong , Jung - gu , South Korea .
Chindio is a village on the north bank of the Zambezi River in Mozambique , downstream of its junction with the Shire River .
The Campo do Almirante Reis , also known as Campo Dom Carlos I , is a former football ground , which was located in the city of Funchal , on the island of Madeira , Portugal .
The Basilica di Sant'Elia is a basilica in Castel Sant'Elia , northern Latium , central Italy .
Moundou is the second largest city in Chad , and is the capital of the region of Logone Occidental .
Chimboy also spelled as Chimbay ( Uzbek : Chimboy / Чимбой ; Karakalpak : Shımbay / Шымбай ; Russian : Чимбай ) is a town and seat of Chimboy District in Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan .
Straumporten ( English : Stream Gate ) is a 1340 m wide sound between the southernmost part , Migmatittodden of Phippsøya and northeast side , Gullberget of Parryøya , in Sjuøyane north of Nordaustlandet in Svalbard , Norway .
The Jardin botanique du col de Saverne ( 2.5 hectares ) , also known as the Jardin botanique de Saverne , is a botanical garden and arboretum located along the Col de Saverne near Saverne , Bas - Rhin , Alsace , France .
Dambdaf - e Moradi ( Persian : دمبدف مرادي‎ , also Romanized as Dambdaf - e Morādī ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Akzholtay Sports Palace ( Kazakh : Ақжолтай спорт сарайы ) is an ice hockey indoor arena in Karagandy , Kazakhstan .
De Villiers Graaff High School is an academic state secondary school in Villiersdorp , a small town approximately 150 km from Cape Town , South Africa .
Mazraeh - ye Tulayi ( Persian : مزرعه تولايي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Tūlāyī ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Lenangsøyra Chapel ( Norwegian : Lenangsøyra kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Lyngen in Troms county , Norway .
Las Edades del Hombre is a religious foundation that was created to promote the sacred art of Castilla y León ( Spain ) .
Kasama District is a central district of Northern Province , Zambia .
Naâma Province ( Arabic : ولاية النعامة‎ ) is a province ( wilaya ) of Algeria named after its provincial seat , the town of Naâma .
As there are no direct flights from Saint - Pierre and Miquelon to Metropolitan France , Air Saint - Pierre offers transit services in conjunction with Air France flights from Montreal to Paris , and has summer connections via Halifax and Dublin with Europe Airpost .
Mitan - myeon ( Hangul : 미탄면 ; hanja : 美灘面 ) is a myeon ( township ) in Pyeongchang county of Gangwon - do South Korea .
Saint - Rémy - de - Provence ( Provençal Occitan : Sant Romieg de Provença in classical and Sant Roumié de Prouvènço in Mistralian norms ) is a commune in the Bouches - du - Rhône department in southern France .
The IIUI Schools , also known as , International Islamic University Schools , are the first school system established by a university in Pakistan , aimed to assist in creating high achievers with an advanced level of independent thinking , impeccable character and remarkable confidence in line with the teachings and norms taught by Islam .
Kulaghan - e Dartujan ( Persian : كولغان درتوجان‎ , also Romanized as Kūlaghān - e Dartūjān ; also known as Dartūjān , Koolghan , Kūlaqān , and Kūlaqān - e Dartūjān ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Medenine ( Tunisian Arabic : مدنين‎ Mednin ) is the major town in south - eastern Tunisia , 77 kilometres ( 48 mi ) south of the port of Gabès and the Island of Djerba , on the main route to Libya .
Gradually , Kongens Enghave gained a reputation for being the area in Denmark with most people on social welfare , the lowest education rate and life expectancy and high incidence of all major social problems .
Krivoglavci is a village in Vogošća municipality , near Sarajevo , Sarajevo Canton , Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lake Caliraya is a man - made lake situated in the municipalities of Lumban , Cavinti , and Kalayaan in Laguna province , Philippines .
Karmsaddeh ( also Karm Saddeh , Arabic : كرمسدة‎ ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Shirazan ( Persian : شيرازان‎ , also Romanized as Shīrāzān ; also known as Shīrzān ) is a village in Hombarat Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Amtsgericht Nordhausen is the District Court of Nordhausen and one of 23 district courts in Thuringia , Germany .
Villanueva de Sigena or Villanueva de Sijena is a small village in the rather arid and deserted area of Los Monegros , in the province of Huesca , autonomous community of Aragon ( Spain ) , near the Alcanadre river .
Kafireas ( Greek : Καφηρέας ) is a former community in Euboea , Greece , named after the nearby Cape Kafireas .
Abdulino ( Russian : Абду́лино ) is a town in Orenburg Oblast , Russia .
Maillas is a hamlet and commune in the Landes department in Aquitaine in south - western France .
Colonia Doctores is an official neighborhood just southwest of the historic center of Mexico City .
The Deutsches Filminstitut - DIF ( `` German Film Institute '' ) is an institute for the study of film , based in Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Neysanak ( Persian : نيسانك‎ , also Romanized as Neysānak ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Nahuelbuta Range or Cordillera de Nahuelbuta ( Spanish pronunciation : ( nawelˈβuta ) ) is a mountain range in Bio - Bio and Araucania Region , southern Chile .
Arboretum Wirty - an arboretum in northern Poland , near Wirty , by the Borzechowskie Lake .
Mučín ( Hungarian : Mucsény ) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Loreto College Halt was a former halt on the Cavan to Clones Great Northern Railway ( Ireland ) line two miles from the town of Cavan .
Luzit ( Hebrew : לוּזִית , lit . Almond Tree ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Seuilly is a commune bob the Indre - et - Loire department in central France .
Dakhrabad ( Persian : دخراباد‎ , also Romanized as Dakhrābād , Dakharābād , and Dakherābād ) is a village in Jabal Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hundred Quarters ( Urdu : سو کوارٹرز ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Korangi Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Sant Andreu de Llavaneres ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈsant ənˈdɾew ðə ʎəβəˈneɾəs ) ) is a municipality located 36 km north of Barcelona ( Catalonia ) ( Spain ) , along the Mediterranean coast , between Mataró and Sant Vicenç de Montalt .
Račni Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːtʃni ˈʋəɾx ) ; formerly Lačni vrh , German : Latschenberg ) is a small dispersed settlement east of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Arzos ( Greek : Άρζος , Turkish : Kulakli ) is a village in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece .
Valashabad ( also spelled as Valakhshkert , Valakhshgerd and Valakhshkard ) , known in Greek sources as Vologesocerta , and in Arabic sources as Sabat ( ساباط ) , was an ancient city in present - day Iraq , and formed a suburb of Ctesiphon , the capital of the Parthian Empire and their successors , the Sasanian Empire .
Santo Domingo Este is a municipality and the provincial capital of the Santo Domingo province in the Dominican Republic .
Edamalayar or Idamalayar is one of the major tributaries of the Periyar River , the longest river in Kerala state south India .
Krue Se Mosque ( Malay : Masjid Kerisek ; Thai : มัสยิดกรือเซะ ; rtgs : Matsayit Krue - se ) or Pitu Krue - ban Mosque ( Thai : มัสยิดปิตูกรือบัน ) , is located in Pattani Province , Thailand .
Thousand Ships Bay is a bay located on the south coast of Santa Isabel Island in the Solomon Islands , between San Jorge Island and Santa Isabel Island .
Priboj City Stadium(Serbian : Градски стадион Пpибoj , Gradski stadion Priboj ) is a football and track - and - field stadium in Priboj , Serbia .
Rombaken or Rombaksfjord ( Northern Sami : Ruoppat ) is a fjord branch of the Ofotfjorden in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Madd Koondhar(Urdu : مڈ کوندھر‎ ) , is a village in the Naushahro Feroze District , of Sindh , Pakistan .
Raung ( Indonesian : Gunung Raung ) is one of the most active volcanoes on the island of Java in Indonesia .
Karashamb ( Armenian : Քարաշամբ , also Romanized as K’arashamb and Qarashamb ) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Symonds Street Cemetery is a historic cemetery and park in central Auckland , New Zealand .
Chotowa ( xɔˈtɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Drobnići ( Serbian : Дробнићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Orauea River is a river in New Zealand , a tributary of the Waiau River in Southland .
The Democracy Monument ( Thai : อนุสาวรีย์ประชาธิปไตย Anusawari Prachathipatai ) is a public monument in the centre of Bangkok , capital of Thailand .
Plavna ( Serbian Cyrillic : Плавна ) is a village in Serbia .
Anmyeondo ( Korean : Hangul 안면도 , Hanja 安眠島 ) is an island in Taean county , South Chungcheong Province , South Korea .
Akwidaa is a small town and fishing village in Ahanta West district , a district in the Western Region of south - west Ghana , and is one of the southernmost places in Ghana .
The Abovyan mine is a large mine in the center of Armenia in Kotayk Province .
Liestal ( formerly Liesthal , IPA : ( ˈliə̯ʃd̥l̩ ) ) is the capital of Liestal District and the canton of Basel - Country in Switzerland , 17 km ( 11 mi ) south of Basel .
Vidzeme University of Applied Sciences ( Latvian : Vidzemes Augstskola ) is the higher education establishment in Valmiera , Latvia .
The Binder Twine Festival , or usually Binder Twine , is an annual festival held the first Saturday after Labour Day in Kleinburg , Ontario , Canada .
Corcovado Volcano ( Spanish pronunciation : ( korkoˈβaðo ) ) is a stratovolcano located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) south of the mouth of Yelcho River , in the Palena Province , Los Lagos Region , Chile .
Polesiska ( pɔlɛˈɕiska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The North Aegean ( Greek : Περιφέρεια Βορείου Αιγαίου ) is one of the thirteen regions of Greece .
The Loch Promenade Construction Railway was a temporary railway on the Isle of Man which ran along the southerly end of the majestic promenade at Douglas as part of the extensive widening scheme that took place at the start of the twentieth century .
Roquevaire ( Occitan : Ròcavaira ) is a commune in the Huveaune valley between Aubagne and Auriol in the Bouches - du - Rhône department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
Darwin International Airport ( IATA : DRW , ICAO : YPDN ) is the busiest airport serving the Northern Territory and the tenth busiest airport in Australia .
Toucabangou is a village and seat of the commune of Issa Bery in the Cercle of Goundam in the Tombouctou Region of Mali .
Vasa Koilaniou ( Greek : Βάσα Κοιλανίου ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 4 km south of Omodos .
The Indigirka River ( Russian : Индиги́рка ; Sakha : Индигиир ) is a river in the Sakha Republic in Russia between the Yana River and the Kolyma River .
Banjevići ( Cyrillic : Бањевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Fowey Lifeboat Station is the base for Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) search and rescue operations at Fowey on the south coast of Cornwall in the United Kingdom .
Jose Lopez Manzano Tuy National High School ( JLMTNHS ) is a school in the municipality of Tuy , Batangas , Philippines averaging a 400 enrollments annually .
Bitburg Airport ( German : Flugplatz Bitburg ) ( IATA : BBJ , ICAO : EDRB ) is a commercial airport serving Bitburg , a city in the Rhineland - Palatinate state of Germany .
Basse Santa Su , usually known as Basse , is a town in the Gambia , lying on the south bank of the River Gambia .
Nahorevo is village in Centar municipality , in town of Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Iberá Wetlands ( Spanish : Esteros del Iberá , from Guaraní ý berá : `` bright water '' ) are a mix of swamps , bogs , stagnant lakes , lagoons , natural slough and courses of water in the center and center - north of the province of Corrientes , Argentina .
XEMP - AM is a radio station in Mexico City .
The Croce Rossa ( Croix Rousse in French ) is a mountain of the Graian Alps , on the border between Piedmont , Italy and Savoie , France .
Böda is a village ( småort ) in Böda socken , Borgholm Municipality , on the island of Öland , Sweden .
Bollinger Sandstein or Bollingen Sandstone is a sandstone found on Obersee lake shore , namely between Bollingen and Uznach and Buechberg area , in the cantons of St. Gallen and Schwyz in Switzerland .
Vejle ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈʋɑɪ̯lə ) ) is a town in Denmark , in the southeast of the Jutland Peninsula at the head of Vejle Fjord , where the Vejle and Grejs Rivers and their valleys converge .
V1 Gallery is a contemporary art gallery located on Vesterbro in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Tasbih Kola ( Persian : تسبيح كلا‎ , also Romanized as Tasbīḩ Kolā ) is a village in Mianrud Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sili is a village on the south side of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Afsaneh Sara ( Persian : افسانه سرا‎ , also Romanized as Āfsāneh Sarā ) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Senillé is a former commune in the Vienne department in the Aquitaine - Limousin - Poitou - Charentes region in western France .
Kosovelje ( pronounced ( kɔsɔˈʋeːljɛ ) ) is a small village north of Pliskovica in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Casa Condominio Residenza , or The CASA , is a high - rise condominium building at 33 Charles Street East near the intersection of Bloor Street and Yonge Street in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Lyubino ( Bulgarian : Любино ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Somam Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سمام‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Santa Maria dell'Orazione e Morte ( Saint Mary of the Prayer and Death ) is a church in central Rome , Italy .
The Kuban Oblast ( Russian : Куба́нская о́бласть Kubanskaja oblast′ ; Ukrainian : Кубанська область Kubans′ka oblast′ ) was an oblast ( province ) of the Russian Empire .
Tikitiki is a small town in Waiapu Valley on the north bank of the Waiapu River in the Gisborne Region of the North Island of New Zealand .
Nebolchi ( Russian : Неболчи ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) in Lyubytinsky District of Novgorod Oblast , Russia .
Kolkhozobod ( Tajik : Колхозoбoд ; Persian : کالخازآباد‎ ) , also Kolkhozabad ( Russian transliteration ) , is a location in Tajikistan .
Sungurlu is the largest and wealthiest district of Çorum Province in the Black Sea Region of Turkey , located 72 km south - west of the city of Çorum .
San Ildefonso Peninsula is a peninsula in Central Luzon , central part of Luzon island , Philippines , at 16.1583333 ° N 122.0969444 ° E. It is entirely under the jurisdiction of the municipality of Casiguran , Aurora .
Sülysáp is a town in Pest County , Hungary about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southeast of Budapest .
It takes only 2 hours to reach Mahendragarh and is 115.0 KM away from Gurgaon and comes under National Capital Region ( India ) .
Karşıyaka ( pronounced ( kaɾʃɯˈjaka ) ) is a district of İzmir Province in Turkey .
Stade des Flandres or ( Salle Dewerdt ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Dunkerque , France .
Saint - Étienne - la - Thillaye is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Gibbet of Montfaucon ( French : Gibet de Montfaucon ) was the main gallows and gibbet of the Kings of France until the time of Louis XIII of France .
İmamlı ( also , Imamly ) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Järvdalen Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Järvdalens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden .
Svinia ( Hungarian : Szinye ) is a village of some 1,500 people ( as of 2005 ) in eastern Slovakia about 8 km west from Prešov .
Ghent University Hospital ( Dutch : Universitair Ziekenhuis Gent ; UZ Gent ) is one of the largest hospitals in Belgium .
Christoph Röhl studied film directing at the Berlin Film Academy in Germany where he made a number of short films that received numerous international awards including the National German Film Prize .
Martijn Kajuiter ( Groningen , Netherlands , 1974 ) is a Dutch Michelin star winning head chef with The House in the Cliff House Hotel in Ardmore , County Waterford .
Nicolas Aithadi ( born April 23 , 1972 in Saint - Denis , France ) is a French visual effects supervisor .
Olli Mustonen ( born 7 June 1967 in Vantaa , Finland ) is a Finnish pianist , conductor and composer .
Raúl Méndez Martínez ( born in Laguna , Torreón , Mexico , April 11 , 1975 ) is a Mexican actor of film , theater and television .
Paul Demaret ( Ostend , 24 September 1941 ) is a university professor and former rector of the College of Europe , located in Bruges ( Belgium ) and Natolin ( Poland ) .
Omid Khaledi ( born 29 October 1988 ) is an Iranian footballer playing for Foolad in the Iran Pro League .
Enid Marguerite Hamilton Tapsell ( 1903 - -1975 ) was a notable New Zealand nurse , community leader , writer and local politician .
Harold Herbert Carr ( 25 January 1880 - -8 March 1973 ) was a New Zealand land court judge and administrator .
As documented in the Soviet archives , Nuon Chea played a major role in negotiating the North Vietnamese invasion of Cambodia in 1970 , with the intent of forcing the collapse of Lon Nol 's government : `` In April--
Aftab Seth is a retired Indian diplomat who served as ambassador of India to Greece , Vietnam and Japan .
P. G. N. Unnithan was the last Diwan ( Prime Minister ) of independent Travancore ( Thiruvithamkoor ) .
Sione ʻUluvalu Ngū Takeivūlai Tukuʻaho ( 7 October 1950 -- 5 July 2006 ( 6 July in Tonga ) ) became the Tuʻi Pelehake , an hereditary title in the kingdom of Tonga , after the death of his father in 1999 .
Andreas Frey ( born 5 June 1967 in Geislingen an der Steige , Germany ) is a German economical scientist and Rector of the Nürtingen - Geislingen University of Applied Science ( HfWU ) for the period 2013 -- 2019 .
Thomas Köner ( born 1965 in Bochum , Germany ) is a multimedia artist whose main interest lies in combining visual and auditory experiences .
Mia Mäkilä a.k.a . Mia Makila ( b. March 21 , 1979 in Norrköping , Sweden ) is a Swedish artist particularly known for her Boschian ( Hieronymus Bosch ) style in her mixed media works .
Gerard Batliner ( 9 December 1928 -- 25 June 2008 ) was a political figure from Liechtenstein .
Marcin Załuski ( 1700 - 1765 ) was an 18th - century Roman Catholic Bishop of Plock and statesman , in Poland .
Clotil Walcott ( 7 September 1925 , Wellington Street , St. Joseph , Trinidad and Tobago -- 20 November 2007 ) was a trade unionist in Trinidad and Tobago .
José de Rico ( full name José Manuel León Hierro born in Barcelona , Spain in 1982 ) is a Spanish DJ , producer and songwriter .
Máximo Gómez y Báez ( November 18 , 1836 -- June 17 , 1905 ) was a Major General in Cuba 's Ten Year War ( 1868 - -1878 ) against Spain .
Wiesław Z. Wiśniewski ( 1931 in Poland -- 1994 in Tucson , Arizona , USA ) was a Polish astronomer .
Aristos Papandroulakis ( born 1965 in Bunbury , Western Australia ) is an Australian chef best known for hosting the Seven Network cooking show Surprise Chef .
Roger Cruickshank ( born 18 October 1982 ) is a Scottish trainee pilot in the Royal Air Force , a Flying Officer , and one of United Kingdom 's top downhill skiers .
During the first years of the Soviet power Vasily Kravkov took part in the organization of the army medical bodies of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .
Johanna Billing ( born 1973 in Jönköping , Sweden ) is a conceptual artist from Sweden , working mainly with video .
Jan Beyer Schmidt - Sørensen is married to Edith Østergaard who is a priest in Ravnsbjerg Church which is a part of the Church of Denmark .
Lisa Marie White ( born 24 February 1993 ) is a Singaporean model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the title of Miss Universe Singapore 2015 and represented Singapore at the Miss Universe 2015 pageant .
Kevin Warwick , FIET , FCGI ( /ˈwɔrɪk , ˈwɒr-/ ; born 9 February 1954 ) is a British engineer and Deputy Vice - Chancellor ( Research ) at Coventry University in the United Kingdom .
Sophia Crawford ( born 19 May 1966 at Hammersmith , London , United Kingdom ) is an actress , stuntwoman and martial artist .
Alejandro Noriega ( born August 9 , 1984 in Cañuelas ( Buenos Aires ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine Association Football Forward currently playing for Los Andes of the Primera B Metropolitana .
Harischandra Devram Chavan ( born 25 December 1951 Pratapgad District Nashik ) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India .
Lakshmibai , the Rani of Jhansi ( 19 November 1828 -- 18 June 1858 ) , born as Manikarnika ; pronunciation , was the queen of the Maratha - ruled Jhansi State , situated in the north - central part of India .
Smain Lamari was buried in the Quartier des Martyrs in the El Alia Cemetery , in presence of most of Algeria 's policy makers .
Tieng Tiny ( born 9 June 1986 in Cambodia ) is a footballer for Cambodian Tiger in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia national team .
Sven Anders Bagge ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˌandæʂ svɛn ˈbaɡɡɛ ) ) ( born in Enskede , Stockholm , Sweden on 12 January 1968 ) is a Swedish composer , lyricist , musician and record producer and partner with Peer Åström .
Chen Wei - ling ( simplified Chinese : 陈苇绫 ; traditional Chinese : 陳葦綾 ; pinyin : Chén Wěilíng ; born January 4 , 1982 ) is from Tainan , Taiwan , ROC .
Bertram Haynes ( born 4 July 1968 ) is a retired Saint Kitts and Nevis athlete .
William Archibald Rae ( May 3 , 1875 -- May 5 , 1943 ) was a businessman and provincial level politician from Alberta , Canada .
Ignacio Varchausky ( Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a double bass player , music producer and founder of Orquesta El Arranque ( 1996 ) .
Inger - Mari Aikio - Arianaick ( born January 14 , 1961 in Utsjoki , Finland ) is a Sámi poet who writes in Northern Sámi .
Alfred Henry O'Keeffe ( 21 July 1858 - 27 July 1941 ) , was a notable New Zealand artist and art teacher , who spent the majority of his life in Dunedin .
August Melasz ( Born in Surabaya , East Java , November 30 , 1951 ; age 62 years ) is an Indonesian film actor active in the Cinema of Indonesia since the mid-1970s .
Franck Iacono ( born June 14 , 1966 in Antibes , Alpes - Maritimes ) is a retired freestyle swimmer from France .
António Luís de Meneses , 1st Marquis of Marialva and 3rd Count of Cantanhede ( December 13 , 1603 -- August 1675 ) was a member of the Forty Conspirators and a Portuguese general who fought in the Portuguese Restoration War , that ended the Iberian Union between Portugal and Spain .
Stuart Page ( born 1957 ) is a New Zealand photographer , designer , documentarist and drummer .
Anton Apriantono ( born Serang , Banten ; October 5 , 1959 ) has been Indonesia 's Minister of Agriculture since October 2004 .
Rodrigo Soria ( born 14 February 1987 in Villa Domínico , Argentina ) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger and second striker .
Zhu Zhiyu ( 朱之瑜 ; 1600 - -1682 ) , whose courtesy name was Luyu ( 魯璵 ) in China and Shunshui ( 舜水 ; romaji : Shunsui ) in Japan , was one of the greatest scholars of Confucianism in the Ming Dynasty and the Edo Japan .
Reverend Ann Batten is an Anglican priest and a former New Zealand politician .
Kaveh Rezaei ( Persian : کاوه رضایی‎‎ ; born April 5 , 1992 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League as a striker .
Hellmut Hattler ( born 12 April 1952 in Ulm , Germany ) is a German jazz and rock bassist and composer .
Pandit Godabarish Mishra was a poet and notable socialist from Orissa , India .
Andreas Tiffner ( born 10 February 1991 in Feldkirchen in Kärnten ) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays in Austria for SK Austria Klagenfurt ( 2007 ) .
Chisato Amate ( 天手 千聖 , Amate Chisato born 16 December 1980 in Fukuoka Prefecture , Japan ) is an actress .
David Nahmad ( born 1947 , in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a retired fine art dealer and billionaire .
Per Bak Jensen ( born 22 April 1949 ) , one of Denmark 's leading artistic photographers , is a pioneer of modern landscape photography .
Clifford Manua ( born 12 September 1980 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand rugby league player for the Melbourne Storm in the National Rugby League competition .
Idrissa Coulibaly ( born December 19 , 1987 in Bamako , Mali ) is a Malian football player who plays for Arouca in the Primeira Liga .
Sofía Álvarez Vignoli was a Uruguayan jurist and briefly First Lady of Uruguay , who was active in the struggle to achieve Women 's Suffrage .
Óengus Tuirmech Temrach , son of Eochaid Ailtlethan , was , according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition , a High King of Ireland .
Jovan Vladimir or John Vladimir ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јован Владимир ; c. 990 -- 22 May 1016 ) was the ruler of Duklja , the most powerful Serbian principality of the time , from around 1000 to 1016 .
Noah Brosch was born in Bucharest ( Romania ) in 1948 and immigrated with his family to Israel in 1963 .
Onyeka Nwelue was born in Ehime Mbano in Imo State , Nigeria to Honourable Sam Nwelue , a politician and Knight of St. Christopher and Lady Catherine Nwelue , a teacher and Lay Reader .
Mike Umaga is a former Samoan rugby union international and brother of former New Zealand rugby union Captain Tana Umaga .
In his honor , the Ruud van Feggelen - Award was established to distinguish the water polo player of the year in the Netherlands .
Monica Pinette ( born February 5 , 1977 ) is a two - time Olympic modern pentathlete from Canada .
Maya Jane Coles is a music producer , audio engineer and DJ based in the United Kingdom , born in London of British and Japanese descent .
Saïd El Khadraoui ( born on 9 April 1975 ) is a Belgian politician and Member of the European Parliament for Belgium with the Socialist Party --
Ernst Heinrich Weber was born on 24 June 1795 in Wittenberg , Saxony , Holy Roman Empire and son to Michael Weber , a professor of theology at the University of Wittenberg .
Jeannot Bemba Saolona ( born September 1941 Libanga , Équateur , Democratic Republic of the Congo , died 1 July 2009 Brussels , Belgium ) was a Congolese businessman , Minister of the Economy and Industry , and Senator for Équateur .
Sue Gregory ( also known as Sue Taylor ) ( born 27 July 1971 ) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Monce Joseph is an Indian politician , MLA and advocate , was the youngest minister in Kerala 's Left Democratic Front ( LDF ) ministry in India .
Christophe Riblon ( born 17 January 1981 in Tremblay - en - France , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French professional road and track racing cyclist for UCI World Tour team AG2R La Mondiale .
Andrews Otutu Obaseki , CON ( born June 11 , 1926 ) is a Nigerian Jurist and former Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria .
Anton Ullrich was born on the 30 August 1826 in the small village of Maikammer , Germany .
Ranbir Singh Mahendra ( Hindi : रणबीर सिंह ‍महेन्‍द्रा ) is a politician of Indian National Congress from Haryana , India and was president of the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) from 2004 to 2005 .
Chaitanya Lakshman ( born in 1968 ) is a Fiji Indian lawyer , social worker and politician who served in the multi - party cabinet of the Qarase Government as Minister for Local Government .
Antonia Merighi 's initial career was in Italy , where for several years she was a virtuosa singer at the court of Violante Beatrice , Grand Princess of Tuscany and sang in theatres in Tuscany as well as in Venice , Parma , Turin , Mantua , Naples and her native Bologna , often in travesti roles .
James Hayter Jackson ( 24 November 1800 - -2 August 1877 ) , commonly referred to as Jimmy Jackson was a New Zealand mariner , whaler and trader .
István Avar ( German : Stefan Auer , Romanian : Ștefan Auer ) ( 28 May 1905 -- 13 October 1977 ) was footballer of German descent who at various times competed for both Hungary and Romanian .
Paulo Graça ( born September 13 , 1978 ) is a Portuguese beach soccer player who represents Portugal in international competitions .
Tiruchy L. Saravanan , also known as Flute Saravanan , is a prime disciple of Dr. N. Ramani , one of India 's pioneer Carnatic flautists .
Trần Thị Dung 's complicated biography was a fine example for the complex period of the Late Lý and Early Trần Dynasty in History of Vietnam .
Rodolfo Saglimbeni ( born Barquisimeto , Venezuela 8 December 1962 ) is a conductor .
Juan Camilo Restrepo Salazar ( born 19 October 1946 ) was the 10th Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development of Colombia , serving in the administration of President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón .
Per Martinsen is an artist and electronic musician born in Tromsø , Northern Norway .
Born in 1902 into a Lutheran Protestant family , Leni Riefenstahl grew up in Germany with her brother Heinz ( 1905 - -1944 ) who was killed on the Eastern Front in World War II . A talented swimmer and artist , she also became interested in dancing during her childhood , taking dancing lessons and performing across Europe .
Ambassador Emilia Castro de Barish ( 27 April 1916 -- 17 August 2014 ) was , after more than fifty years as an active Costa Rican diplomat , an Ambassador Emeritus of Costa Rica .
Damon Andrews ( born 28 October 1971 ) is a director and actor from New Zealand .
Antonio Cabrini ( born 8 October 1957 ) is an Italian professional football manager , who is currently in charge of Italy women 's national , and a former player .
Uzi Arad ( Hebrew : עוזי ארד‎ ) is an Israeli strategist and a well - known figure in foreign policy , security and strategic circles in Israel and abroad .
Harold Valentine Ross Robertson QSO ( known as Ross Robertson ) ( born 22 May 1949 ) is a New Zealand politician for the Labour Party .
Louis Laybourne Smith CMG ( 1 April 1880 -- 13 September 1965 ) was an architect and educator in South Australia .
Manoj Punjabi ( born December 7 , 1972 in Jakarta ) is an Indian Indonesian film and television producer and owner of the biggest production house in Indonesia .
Raul Santoserpa ( born March 1939 in Las Villas , Cuba ) is a Cuban artist specializing in painting and engraving .
Gosse Ludigman ( elected 989 died in 1000 ) was the sixth potestaat ( or elected governor ) of Friesland , now a province of the Netherlands .
Pavel Tichý ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpavɛl ˈcɪxiː ) ; 18 February 1936 Brno , Czechoslovakia -- 26 October 1994 Dunedin , New Zealand ) was a Czech logician , philosopher and mathematician .
İbrahim Peçevi or Peçuyli İbrahim Efendi ( 1572 - -1650 ) ( Ottoman Turkish : پچوى إبراهىم افندى ) ( In Bosnia known as `` Ibrahim Alajbegović Pečevija '' ) was an Ottoman Bosnian historian ( chronicler ) of the Ottoman Empire .
Major General Ashraf Rashid ( Punjabi , Urdu : أشرف رشيد‎ ) ( May 23 , 1948 -- October 2 , 2004 ) was a two - star general in the Pakistan Army and the colonel commandant of the Special Service Group division within the Pakistan Army from October 1995 to September 1999 .
Eréndira Ibarra ( born September 25 , 1985 , Mexico City , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actress .
Tommaso Allan hails from a rugby family ; his Scottish father William Allan and his Italian mother Paola Berlato both played in Italy , while his uncle John Allan earned 9 caps for Scotland .
Rodolfo Sacco ( born 21 November 1923 ) , is a professor emeritus at the University of Turin , Faculty of Law and is arguably one of Italy 's best known legal scholars and one of Europe 's most famous comparative lawyers .
Dr. Datta Walvekar ( 30 March 1928 in Belgaon , India -- 16 March 2010 in Pune ) was an Indian Marathi singer and Music Director
Finn Helgesen ( 25 April 1919 -- 3 September 2011 ) was a speed skater from Norway .
Essie Summers ( born Ethel Snelson Summers on 24 July 1912 in Christchurch , New Zealand -- d. 27 August 1998 ) was a New Zealand author who wrote so vividly of the people and landscape of her native country that she was offered The Order of the British Empire for her contributions to New Zealand tourism .
Abdón Saavedra Mallea ( 1872 , La Paz -- 1942 ) served as Vice President of Bolivia from 1926 to 1930 , during the presidency of Hernando Siles Reyes .
Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue ( born c. 25 June 1969 , nicknamed Teodorín ) is the Second Vice President of Equatorial Guinea , in office since 2012 .
Moshe Smoira ( Hebrew : משה זמורה‎ , born 25 October 1888 , died 8 October 1961 ) was an Israeli jurist and the first President of the Supreme Court of Israel .
Pär Bäcker ( born 4 January 1982 Grums , Sweden ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player .
Laurids Lindenov ( 1640s -- 10 October 1690 ) was a Danish nobleman and civil servant in Norway .
Gordon Balser ( born February 24 , 1954 ) is a former educator and politician in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Norbert Glanzberg ( 12 October 1910 in Rohatyn , Poland - 25 February 2001 in Paris , France ) was a Polish - born French composer .
Leon Tomșa was the ruler of Wallachia , now in Romania , from October 1629 to July 1632 .
Hoani Meihana Te Rangiotu ( ? --1898 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and peacemaker .
Ana Petra Pérez Florido was born on 6 December 1845 in Spain as the last of five children to José Perez and Maria Florido .
Patrayani Seetharama Sastry ( also known as Saluru China Guruvu ) ( b. 1900 - d. 1957 ) was a singer , teacher and music composer from Andhra Pradesh , India .
Tomi Pettinen ( born June 17 , 1977 in Ylöjärvi , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman .
Andrés Velencoso was born in Tossa de Mar , Catalonia Spain .
Diego Muhammad bin Robbie Michiels or Diego Michiels ( born August 8 , 1990 in Deventer , Netherlands ) is an Dutch - born naturalized Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Mitra Kukar in the Indonesia Super League .
Dominika Paleta ( born Dominika Paleta Paciorek October 23 , 1972 , in Kraków , Poland ) is a Polish - born Mexican actress .
Duncan Pryde ( June 8 , 1937 -- November 15 , 1997 ) was a hunter , trapper , lexicographer and politician from Northwest Territories , Canada .
Niko Ikävalko ( born 24 April 1988 in Helsinki ) is a Finland footballer forward .
Antonio Sampietro Casarramona ( born 1953 ) was the third Mayor - President of Ceuta , one of Spain 's Plazas de soberanía on the coast of North Africa .
Ferchar Fota ( Ferchar the Tall ) ( died c. 697 ) was probably king of the Cenél Loairn of Dál Riata , and perhaps of all Dál Riata .
Fernando Arretxe Caminondo , also known as Arretxe I ( born in Valcarlos , Navarre , Spain on August 19 , 1961 ) is an ex - player of Basque pelota .
Joseph Solomon ( died 17 October 1995 ) was a convicted murderer and was the most recent person to have been executed by Saint Lucia .
José Rolando Torres Mendoza ( born 21 December 1982 in Jocoro , El Salvador ) is a Salvadoran professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Águila in the Salvadoran Premier Division .
Nuno Mindelis ( born August 7 , 1957 , in Cabinda , Angola ) , nicknamed `` The Beast from Brazil '' , is an Angolan - born Brazilian blues guitarist and singer - songwriter .
Kateřina Průšová ( born 1 December 1983 in Liberec ) is a beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Czech Republic 2002 as an 18-year - old .
Firuza Alifova ( Tajik : Фирӯза Алифова , Persian : فیروزه علیفوا‎ ) is a singer from Tajikistan and Uzbekistan .
Rupert Stadler ( born 17 March 1963 in Titting , Germany ) is a German business executive and chairman of the Vorstand ( CEO ) of Audi AG . Rupert Stadler was the son of a farmer in Wachenzell in the Eichstätt ( district ) in Bavaria , Germany .
Charles Baillairgé and Thomas Fuller ( architect ) completed work in 1866 as the principal architects on the Parliament of Canada in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , Ruth Atkinson as an infant moved with her family to upstate New York .
László Pusztai ( born 1 March 1946 in Szentes - died 6 July 1987 ) was a Hungarian football player who participated in the 1978 World Cup where Hungary was eliminated in the first round .
Franziska Tiburtius ( 24 January 1843 -- 5 May 1927 ) was a German doctor , one of the first two women to qualify as a doctor in imperial Germany .
Musa Ghazi ( 1928 - -2003 ) Urdu : موسیٰ غازی was a veteran Pakistani footballer who represented and captained the Pakistan national football team during the 1960s .
Elise Dalby Grønnesby ( born December 17 , 1995 , in Hamar , Norway ) is a Norwegian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Norway 2014 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant .
Ángela Gurría Davó ( born Mexico City , March 24 , 1929 ) is a Mexican sculptor .
Hakkı Atun is a former prime minister of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus .
Tahiri Elikana ( born 14 September 1988 ) in the Cook Islands is a footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper .
Cato Menkerud ( born August 23 , 1973 in Lillehammer , Norway ) is a rally co - driver .
Andrew Dods Handyside ( 1835 -- 23 May 1904 ) was a politician in colonial South Australia ( a state of Australia from 1901 ) , a member of the South Australian House of Assembly .
Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Chánh ( born 12 February 1942 ) , who claims to be a member of Vietnam 's Nguyễn Dynasty , was born in Huế , Vietnam .
William Postlethwaite ( died 1908 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament from the Canterbury Region of New Zealand .
The family of Qazi Ghulam Mustafa came to India from Medina .
Krzysztof Czyżewski ( born July 6 , 1958 in Warsaw ) is a Polish author , one of the initiators of the `` Borderland '' Foundation in Sejny , Poland .
Pitirim Sorokin was born to a Russian father and Komi mother in the small village of Turja ( then in the Yarensk uyezd in the Vologda Governorate , Russian Empire , now Knyazhpogostsky District , Komi , Russia ) .
Samir Javadzadeh ( Azerbaijani : Samir Cavadzadə pron . ( sɑˈmiɾ dʒɑvɑdzɑˈdæ ) ; born 16 April 1980 , Baku , Azerbaijan ) is an Azerbaijani pop singer .
Lucrețiu Pătrășcanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( luˈkret͡sju pətrəʃˈkanu ) ; November 4 , 1900 -- April 17 , 1954 ) was a Romanian communist politician and leading member of the Communist Party of Romania ( PCR ) , also noted for his activities as a lawyer , sociologist and economist .
José Mari represented Spain on four occasions in a two - year span .
Radu Gînsari ( born 10 December 1991 , Chişinău , Moldova ) is a Moldavian football Attacking midfielder who plays for Sheriff Tiraspol .
Atari Bigby was born in Jamaica and moved to the U.S. at age 4 .
Reijo Taipale ( born in Miehikkälä , Finland on 9 March 1940 ) is a Finnish pop singer since the 1950s specializing in Schlager music and tango .
Born in Geoje , South Korea , Moon Jae - in was the first son of father Moon Yong - hyung and mother Kang Han - ok among five children .
Rabbi Nechemia Berman was the Chief Rabbi of Uruguay .
Sascha Bert ( born 5 March 1975 in Darmstadt , Germany ) is a German racing driver .
William Watson Bird ( 8 February 1870 -- 11 November 1954 ) was a New Zealand headmaster , school inspector , educational administrator and Maori linguist .
Pascal - Emmanuel Sinamoyi Tabu ( 13 November 1937 or 1940 -- 30 November 2013 ) , better known as Tabu Ley Rochereau , was a leading African rumba singer - songwriter from the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Émile Turlant ( April 1 , 1904 -- September 15 , 2013 ) was , at the time of his death , France 's oldest living man .
Thomas Zwiefelhofer ( born December 10 , 1969 ) is a politician from Liechtenstein who serves as the current Deputy Prime Minister of Liechtenstein and Minister of Home Affairs , Justice and Economic Affairs .
Oleksiy Vatchenko was born in a village of Yelizaveto - Kamyanets that today is located in Dnipropetrovsk , eastern Ukraine .
Glenn Standring is a New Zealand scriptwriter and film director , working in the horror and fantasy genres .
Éric Chaulvet ( born August 5 , 1974 in Amiens , France ) is a French basketball player who played 13 games for French Pro A league club Vichy during the 2002 - 2003 season .
Syed Agha Sadiq Hussien Naqvi ( 1909 - 1977 ) was a prolific writer and poet , based in Quetta , Pakistan , from 1943 till his death in July 1977 .
Aksu Hanttu ( b. 19 March 1979 ) is a musician , record producer and sound engineer from Lahti , Finland .
Rachele Mussolini was born Rachele Guidi in Predappio , Romagna , Kingdom of Italy ( Regno d'Italia ) .
Micaela Wilson ( born 3 November 1992 in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the NSW Swifts . She previously played for the Melbourne Vixens .
William Harold Clark ( July 1 , 1869 -- December 27 , 1913 ) was a politician in Alberta , Canada , and a municipal councillor in Edmonton .
Tanakorn Dangthong ( Thai : ธนากร แดงทอง , born September 30 , 1990 ) simply known as Bee ( Thai : บี ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Norman Criddle , born in 1875 in Addlestone , Surrey , England , died in 1933 in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , was an entomologist active in the early development of control strategies for agriculturally important grasshoppers ( Insecta : Orthoptera ) in the prairie croplands of western North America , as well as a naturalist - artist .
Martín Dalmau ( born c. 1974 ) is a provincial deputy in Mendoza Province in Argentina , elected in October 2013 .
Klaus Vogel ( 1930 - -2007 ) , born in Hamburg , Germany , was widely recognized as an academic expert on the aspects of international taxation , particularly on tax treaties .
Franz Adam ( May 4 , 1815 -- September 30 , 1886 ) was a German painter , chiefly of military subjects , born and active for much of his life in Italy .
Maharaj Krishan Kaushik ( born May 2 , 1955 ) is a former member of the India national field hockey team and is former coach of the Indian women 's national field hockey team .
Isabella May ( 22 June 1850 - -1 May 1926 ) was a New Zealand temperance worker , suffragist and dress reformer .
Ousas or Ousana(s ) ( c. 500 ) was a King of the Kingdom of Aksum .
Alba Parietti ( born 2 July 1961 in Turin , Piedmont , Italy ) is an Italian film actress , television presenter , and entertainer .
Nitza Villapol Andiarena ( November 20 , 1923 -- September 20 , 1998 ) was a chef , teacher , cookbook writer , and television host in Cuba .
Cassandra Fedele was the most renowned woman scholar in Italy during the last decades of the Quattrocento .
Théophile Lemay ( October 12 , 1784 -- April 17 , 1848 ) was a farmer , notary and political figure in Lower Canada .
Miguel Ribeiro ( born in Sintra , Portugal , 1974 ) is a Portuguese screenwriter and filmmaker .
Jil Caplan ( born Valentine Guilen ; 23 October 1965 , Paris , France ) is a French singer and songwriter .
Abdul Salam Azimi ( Pashto : عبدالسلام عظیمی , born : 1936 ) in Farah Province ) was the Chief Justice of Afghanistan and , as such , the head of the Afghan Supreme Court from May 2006 to October 2014 , when he resigned his position .
Billy Chow ( born Chow Bei - lei August 24 , 1958 in Calgary , Alberta , Canada ) , ( also credited as Billy Chau and Billy Chow Bei - lei ) is a Canadian - Hong Kong film actor , kickboxer , martial artist , and entrepreneur and is also keen Boxing and Muay thai practitioner .
Tipi Tainui Ropiha , CBE , ISO ( 1895 - -1978 ) was a notable New Zealand surveyor , senior public servant .
Count Kuno von Klebelsberg ( 13 November 1875 , Pécska -- 12 October 1932 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of the Interior and Minister of Culture of the Kingdom of Hungary between the two world wars .
Helene Bøksle ( born April 1 , 1981 , Mandal , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer and actress .
Kseniya Simonova ( Ukrainian : Ксенія Симонова ; married name : Kseniya Paskar , Ксенія Паскар ) is a sand animation artist , the 2009 winner of the TV contest Ukraine 's Got Talent , which is part of the Got Talent series .
Mikko Raita is a Helsinki , Finland based music mixing and recording engineer as well as a producer , guitar player and co - owner of Studio Kekkonen .
Kerttu Nuorteva was and parachuted into Finland by the Soviet Airborne Troops in 1942 .
Raúl Alejandro Escajadillo Peña ( born September 29 , 1969 in Mérida , Yucatán , Mexico ) , better known as Aleks Syntek , is a singer , songwriter and Mexican producer .
Karl Muggeridge born 20 April 1974 in Tweed Heads , New South Wales , Australia is a former professional motorcycle racer .
Olga Scheps ( born January 1 , 1986 ) is a German - Russian pianist , who currently resides in Cologne , Germany .
Born in Titograd , SR Montenegro , Luka Tiodorović played in the youth teams of Red Star Belgrade and FK Budućnost Podgorica .
Mirosław Hermaszewski was born into a Polish family in Lipniki , formerly in the Wołyń Voivodeship of Poland , but at the time part of Reichskommissariat Ukraine , and since the end of the Second World War in Ukraine .
Mem de Sá ( c. 1500 -- 2 March 1572 ) was a Governor - General of the Portuguese colony of Brazil from 1557 - 1572 .
Jose Gabriel Melconian Alvez ( born July 7 , 1987 ) is an Olympic freestyler swimmer from Uruguay , with Armenian background .
Ann Newmarch ( b. 1945 , Adelaide , Australia ) is an Australian painter , printmaker , sculptor , professor , and co - founder of the Progressive Art Movement and WACK !
Mehmet Görmez ( born 1959 ) is the President of the Presidency of Religious Affairs ( Turkish : Diyanet İşleri Başkanlığı , commonly known as Diyanet ) and as such legally the highest level Islamic cleric in Turkey and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus .
Hayat Saif ( Hāẏāt̲ Sāipha : Bengali : হায়াৎ সাইফ ) is a twentieth century modern Bengali poet and literary critic from Bangladesh .
Arve Walde ( born 19 May 1985 in Bergen , Norway ) is a footballer playing for Fyllingsdalen .
Ghulam Akbar Khan Niazi is a Pakistani physician who holds dual nationality of Pakistan and Saudi Arabia .
Muhammad Anis Ahmed ( born 10 December 1973 in Gojra ) is a field hockey player and former member of the Pakistan National Hockey Team .
Loredana Dinu ( born Iordăchioiu ; born 2 April 1984 ) is a Romanian épée fencer , twice World champion and twice European champion with Romania .
Juuso Ngaikukwete ( b. Ondonga , Ovamboland , Namibia ) was one of the first seven Ovambo pastors , whom the director of the Finnish Missionary Society , Matti Tarkkanen ordained into priesthood in Oniipa , Ovamboland , on 27 September 1925 , with a permission granted by the Bishop of Tampere , Jaakko Gummerus .
Georg C. F. Greve ( born 10 March 1973 in Helgoland , Germany ) is a self - taught software developer , academically trained physicist and author .
Ralf Bartels ( born 21 February 1978 in Stavenhagen , Germany , then German Democratic Republic ) is a German shot putter .
Émilie Charmy ( pronounced `` shar - mee '' ) ( April 2 , 1878 -- 1974 ) was an artist in France 's early avant - garde .
Piergiorgio Colautti ( born 16 October 1934 , Rome , Italy ) is modern Italian painter and sculptor , who lives and works in Rome .
Anhel Cape ( born 14 May 1978 ) is an athlete who competed for Guinea - Bissau at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games and the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in the 800 m races .
O. Chinnappa Reddy was a judge at the Supreme Court of India .
Harold Nicholls ( 19 November 1897 -- 10 August 1977 ) was a New Zealand rugby football player who represented New Zealand in rugby union .
Caspar Friedrich Hachenberg ( 14 December 1709 ( baptised ) -- 1 April 1793 ) , was rector of the Latin School of Wageningen , The Netherlands ( 1740 - -1789 ) and writer of Greek and Latin grammars .
Alan Birkinshaw , FRGS ( born 15 June 1944 , Auckland , New Zealand ) is a British film director , writer , and television and film producer .
Markus Neteler received his degree in Physical Geography and Landscape Ecology from the University of Hannover , Germany , in 1999 where he worked as a researcher and teaching assistant for two years .
Saw Lu ( Burmese : စောလူး ( sɔ́ lú ) ; also spelled Sawlu ; also known as Min Lulin ( မင်းလုလင် ( mɪ́ɴ lṵlɪ̀ɴ ) ) , lit . Boy King ; 19 April 1049 -- c. 21 April 1084 ) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) from 1077 to 1084 .
Roland Glassl ( born 1972 in Ingolstadt , Germany ) is a professional German viola player .
Iiris has competed to represent Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest on two occasions .
Hans Molisch ( December 6 , 1856 , Brünn , Habsburg Moravia - December 8 , 1937 , Wien , Austria ) was a Czech - Austrian botanist .
( George Hamish ) Ormond Wilson CMG ( 18 November 1907 -- 17 April 1988 ) was a New Zealand Member of Parliament representing the Labour Party , farmer , author and Chairman of the Historic Places Trust .
Nanda Lin Kyaw Chit is a footballer from Burma , and a midfielder for the Myanmar national football team .
Rafiq Ahmed Jamali participated in Pakistan 's 2002 , 2008 , 2013 general elections and was elected as Member of National Assembly ( Pakistan ) in each .
Dot Allison ( born Dorothy Elliot Allison , 17 August 1969 , Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a Scottish singer and songwriter , who has made significant inroads in electronic music circles , most notably as a result of her tenure fronting the band One Dove in the early 1990s .
Gustavo Salgueiro de Almeida Correia also known as Gustavo ( born July 7 , 1985 in Maceió , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Daniella Smith ( born July 30 , 1972 , Kaikohe , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand former professional boxer , the first International Boxing Federation Women 's World Champion and is the second New Zealand born person to win a boxing world title .
Szczepan Kończal ( Polish pronunciation : ʂtʂɛpan kɔɲtʂal ) ( born on 27 May 1985 , in Katowice , Poland ) is a Polish classical pianist who has already won high prizes in many international music competitions held in more than a dozen different countries around the world .
Gaikhangam Gangmei ( born 12 November 1950 ) is the current Deputy - Chief Minister of Manipur , India .
Rahul Pandita 's recent job was the Opinion and Special Stories editor of The Hindu , one of India 's leading newspapers .
Elvia Fragoso Alonso ( born January 13 , 1964 ) is a retired Mexican professional wrestler , known by her ringname Zuleyma , who competed in the Universal Wrestling Association and the World Wrestling Association as one of the most dominant luchadoras in Mexico during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Jan Mesdag ( Rotterdam , Netherlands , December 9 , 1953 -- December 4 , 1988 ) was a Dutch singer and cabaret artist .
Paul Sultan is a labour economist , born in 1924 in Vancouver , Canada , and currently residing in Edwardsville , Illinois .
Braj Kumar Nehru MBE , ICS ( Hindi : ब्रज कुमार नेहरू ; 4 September 1909 -- 31 October 2001 ) was an Indian diplomat and Ambassador of India to the United States ( 1961 - -1968 ) .
Raja Badhe ( Devnagari : राजा बढे ) ( 1912 - -1977 ) was a Marathi poet from Maharashtra , India .
Twosret ( Tawosret , Tausret , d. 1189 BC conventional chronology ) was the last known ruler and the final Pharaoh of the Nineteenth Dynasty of Egypt .
Johann Gottlieb Heileman ( January 6 , 1824 in Kirchheim unter Teck , Württemberg , Germany- February 19 , 1878 in La Crosse , Wisconsin ) was the founder of the G. Heileman Brewing Company in La Crosse , Wisconsin .
Nepia Fox - Matamua ( born 5 September 1991 ) is a rugby union player from Auckland in New Zealand .
Iván Trevejo ( born 1 September 1971 ) is a Cuban - born French fencer , silver Olympic medallist in 1996 and team world champion in 1997 for Cuba .
Juan Ledesma Manahan ( born 11 February 1947 ) , also known as Johnny Manahan or simply Mr. M , is a film and television director , as well as an actor and writer in the Philippines .
Dr. Amon Nikoi ( 19 January 1930 -- 5 September 2002 ) was an economist and a Governor of the Bank of Ghana .
Sven Kalisch ( also Muhammad Sven Kalisch ) is a German who converted to Islam at age 15 , became the first in Germany to hold a chair in Islamic theology ( at Munster University ) , then in 2008 announced that he had come to the conclusion that the prophet Muhammad never existed .
Georgina Rizk ( Arabic : جورجينا رزق‎ , born 3 January 1953 ) is a Lebanese model , socialite and beauty queen who is best known as being Lebanon 's first and so far only Miss Universe .
The company was established in Västerås , Sweden , in 1947 by Erling Persson , though at the time it only sold women 's clothing and was called Hennes , Swedish for `` hers . ''
Graduating from Azerbaijan State Conservatory named after Uzeyir Hajibeyov in 1959 , Rafig Babayev entirely devoted himself to jazz music , became musical manager of jazz - instrumental group , with which he went on a long tour throughout the Soviet Union .
Argula von Grumbach ( née von Stauff ) ( 1492-c . 1554 ) was a Bavarian noblewoman who , starting in the early 1520s , became involved in the Protestant Reformation debates going on in Germany .
Antonio Sartorio ( 1630 -- 30 December 1680 ) was an Italian composer active mainly in Italy and in Hanover , Germany .
For the rest of the 1970s , he led his own Eje Thelin Group in Sweden .
Golf & Mike , more often credited in Thailand as Golf - Mike ( Thai : กอล์ฟ-ไมค์ ) , is a Thai pop duo artist consisting of brothers Pichaya `` Golf '' Nitipaisalkul and Pirat `` Mike '' Nitipaisalkul , formed under Thailand 's biggest entertainment company , GMM Grammy .
Henry Pryor ( July 3 , 1808 -- October 10 , 1892 ) was a lawyer , magistrate and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
John Costigan ( February 1 , 1835 -- September 29 , 1916 ) was a Canadian judge and politician who served in the Canadian House of Commons and in the Cabinet of several Prime Ministers of Canada .
Con Constantine migrated to Australia with his parents and siblings from the town of Maroni , near Larnaka , Cyprus at the age of 10 .
Joseph Hatch ( 1837 -- 2 September 1928 ) was a New Zealand politician , but is now remembered for harvesting penguins and elephant seals for their oil on the sub - Antarctic Macquarie Island from 1890 to 1919 .
Benoît Jutras , born in 1963 in Montreal , Canada , is a composer best known for his work with the Canadian entertainment company Cirque du Soleil , first as music director and later as composer for several of the company 's contemporary circus shows .
Cristiano Morgado ( born 27 August 1979 in Johannesburg ) is a South African race car driver of Portuguese descent residing in Durban , South Africa .
Stacey Morrison ( née Daniels ) is a New Zealand television and radio host .
Henryk Śniegocki ( January 18 , 1893 in Kościan -- December 1 , 1971 in Poznań ) was a teacher and a participant in the Greater Poland Uprising ( 1918 - -1919 ) .
Deborah Ombres ( born Javier Díaz , Valladolid , Spain , 3 November 1975 ) is a drag queen , conductor and actor .
Born in Rostock , Marianne Hoppe became a leading lady of stage and films in Germany .
Federico Sacchi ( born September 4 , 1936 in Rosario ) is a former Argentine football defender who played 15 times for the Argentina national team between 1960 and 1965 .
Sir William Watson Cheyne , 1st Baronet KCMG CB FRS FRCS ( 14 December 1852 -- 19 April 1932 ) was a British surgeon and bacteriologist , who pioneered the use of antiseptic surgical methods in the United Kingdom .
Peep Jänes ( born 26 December 1936 in Rakvere , Estonia ) is an Estonian architect .
When an uprising against Russia broke out in Poland in 1830 , Samo Chalupka interrupted his long studies and fought on the Polish side .
May Beatty ( 4 June 1880 - -1 April 1945 ) was a New Zealand singer and actress .
Alejandro Márquez ( born 31 October 1991 ) is a Chilean professional footballer that currently plays as midfielder in O'Higgins of Primera División de Chile .
Antônio da Silva Fagundes Filho ( Antônio Fagundes ) ( born April 18 , 1949 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian actor , renowned for his several performances in theater , film and television , where he frequently works in soap operas .
Prof . Dr. Pinyo Suwankiri ( 1937 ) is an architect born in Songkhla , Thailand .
Manuel Álvarez Bravo ( February 4 , 1902 -- October 19 , 2002 , age 100 ) was Mexico 's first principal artistic photographer and is the most important figure in 20th - century Latin American photography .
Jon Larsen ( born 7 January 1959 in Bærum , Norway ) is an autodidact guitarist , composer , surrealistic painter , and record producer with heavy influence on the revival of Gypsy jazz worldwide .
The Antoine Wiertz Museum is now one of the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium .
Felipe Ehrenberg ( Tlacopac , City of Mexico , 1943 ) is a Mexican artist His artistic career of more than 50 years covers drawings and paintings as well as conceptual art of the seventies , mail art and mimeography , a neographical technique , which he is a pioneer of .
Gonzalo Figueroa Garcia Huidobro ( February 4 , 1931 , Santiago , Chile - May 20 , 2008 , Santiago , Chile ) , often referred to simply as Gonzalo Figueroa , was an archaeologist and authority on the conservation of the archaeological heritage of Rapa Nui ( Easter Island ) .
Hamza Rafindadi Zayyad ( 1937 - -2002 ) was the former head of the Technical Committee on Privatization and Commercialization in Nigeria .
Sirry Steffen ( May 29 , 1938 ) is a former Miss Iceland who appeared in American television series and movies in the 1960s .
Şebnem Ferah ( born 12 April 1972 in Yalova , Turkey ) is a Turkish singer , song - writer , composer , and guitarist .
Laura Jane Suisted ( 1840 - -1903 ) was a notable New Zealand writer , journalist and parliamentary reporter .
Holm Singer ( born 23 July 1961 in Reichenbach , East Germany ) is a former East German Stasi informant who betrayed local church officials .
Leónidas Plaza y Gutiérrez de Caviedes ( April 19 , 1865 -- November 17 , 1932 ) was an Ecuadorian politician who was the president of Ecuador for two separate occasions , from September 1 , 1901 to August 31 , 1905 and again from September 1 , 1912 to August 31 , 1916 .
Beto Benites ( born c. 1970 ) is a Peruvian actor , casting director and producer currently domiciled in Venezuela .
Omer Damari ( Hebrew : עומר דמארי‎ , born 24 March 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as striker for Austrian Football Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the Israel national football team .
`` Preguntarnos por la participación femenina en la historia de México , implica la conciencia de múltiples desconocimientos . ( Asking us about participation of females in the history of Mexico , implies the awareness of multiple unknowns . ) '' --- Julia Tuñón Pablos
Emine Sevgi Özdamar is a writer , director , and actress of Turkish origin who resides in Germany and has resided there for many years .
Gustaf John Ramstedt ( October 22 , 1873 -- November 25 , 1950 ) was a Finland Swedish diplomat and linguist .
Ricardo Prado ( born 3 January 1965 in Andradina , São Paulo , Brazil ) is an Olympic and former World Record holding medley swimmer from Brazil .
Rubén W. Cavallotti ( Montevideo , 1924 - Buenos Aires , 1999 ) was a Uruguayan - born film director from Argentina .
Reza Ma'ghouli ( Persian : رضا معقولی‎‎ , pronounced ( ɾezɒː mæʔɢuːliː ) ; born September 23 , 1984 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Naft Tehran in the Iran 's Premier Football League .
Jacob Lillyman ( born 1 March 1984 in Richmond , Queensland ) is an Australian professional rugby league footaller , currently playing for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League .
Winnie Kaburu Kinyua is a Kenyan running for Deputy President in the March 2013 Kenyan Presidential election on a Restore and Build Kenya party ticket .
Osvaldo Mendoza ( born 23 March 1981 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan football striker , who last played for Isidro Metapán of El Salvador .
Amy Serrano ( born November 8 , 1966 , Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban - American film maker , author and humanitarian .
Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan ( Tamil : சிவனேசதுரை சந்திரகாந்தன் ; commonly known as Pillayan ; born August 18 , 1975 ) , served as Chief Minister of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka .
Dito played 17 games for Portugal , his debut arriving on 28 October 1981 -- at the age of only 19 -- as he came on as a 46th minute substitute for Humberto Coelho in a 1 - -4 away loss against Israel for the 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifiers .
Gerd Zewe ( born 13 June 1950 in Stennweiler , West Germany ) is a German former football player and manager .
Chellapilla Venkata Sastry was born on 8 August 1870 to Chandramma and Kamayya at Kadiyam village near Rajahmundry , East Godavari , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Zahra Bahrami , also spelled Sahra Baahrami ( Persian : زهرا بهرامی‎ ; January 25 , 1965 - -January 29 , 2011 ( aged 46 ) ) ( Previous name : Zahra Mehrabi ) , was a dual Dutch and Iranian citizen who was executed in Iran , after being convicted by the Islamic Revolutionary Court of drug trafficking .
Erison Hurtault ( born December 29 , 1984 ) is an American sprinter who has represented Dominica in international events .
Mira Kuisma ( born May 6 , 1987 in Kuopio , Finland ) is a hockey player who competes for Finland .
Janne Schäfer ( born 28 May 1981 in Henstedt - Ulzburg ) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Germany .
Alejandro Ibarra ( born José Alejandro Ibarra de Llano on April 28 , 1973 , in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actor and singer .
Georges Aperghis ( Greek : Γιώργος Απέργης ; born 23 December 1945 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek composer working primarily in the field of experimental music theater but has also composed a large amount of non - programmatic chamber music .
Nanako Takushi ( Takushi Nanako , 澤岻奈々子 , born 25 March 1976 ) is a J - pop singer from Okinawa , Japan , and an original member of the group Super Monkey 's .
Wendy Piltz ( born 24 August 1956 , Adelaide , South Australia ) is a leading Physical Education teacher - educator , elite sportswoman and author .
Megha Mittal ( born 20 November 1976 in Kolkata , India ) is the chairman and managing director of the German fashion luxury brand Escada .
Hem Simay ( born 6 December 1987 ) is a footballer from Cambodia .
Anaid Iplicjian ( b. 24 October 1935 in Berlin , Germany ) is a German actress .
Kickert , Walter Julius Michael , and Frans van Vught , eds . Public policy and administration sciences in the Netherlands .
Agnes Addison ( c. 1842 -- 28 January 1903 ) was a New Zealand draper .
Jacob Johan Anckarström ( 11 May 1762 -- 27 April 1792 ) was a Swedish military officer who assassinated Gustav III , king of Sweden .
Elioda Tumwesigye is a Ugandan politician , physician , and epidemiologist who has served as Minister of Health in the Cabinet of Uganda since 2015 .
Jonathan Hardy ( 20 September 1940 -- 30 July 2012 ) was a New Zealand - born Australian actor , writer and director .
Elisso Bolkvadze ( Georgian : ელისო ბოლქვაძე ) is a Georgian classical pianist , born in Tbilisi , Georgia .
Mauricio Antonio Pastrana Tapi , more commonly known as Mauricio Pastrana , ( born 20 January 1973 in Montería , Colombia ) is a Colombian professional boxer who fights in the super bantamweight division .
Prannoy Roy is a TV / digital journalist in India , an author and a professional British Chartered Accountant and Economist .
Eva Bacon ( 1909 - 23 July 1994 ) , born Eva Goldner , was a socialist and feminist based in Brisbane , Australia , who was most active between the 1950s and the 1980s .
Kumbakonam Rajamanickam Pillai ( Tamil : கும்பகோணம் ராஜமாணிக்கம் பிள்ளை ) , 5 August 1898 - 1970 was a Carnatic music violinist of Tamil Nadu , Southern India .
Henry Driver ( 1831 - -23 Jan 1893 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament from Otago , New Zealand .
Murad Machaev was born on December 3 , 1986 , in the former Soviet Union , Dagestan ASSR , Makhachkala in modern - day Dagestan , Russia .
He moved to South Korea the next year to start his musical career and soon signed to an entertainment agency ( supposed to be Danal Entertainment which released Jung Joon - young 's solo EP titled `` Rock Trip '' in 2010 as well as Digital Single `` 환상Fantasy `` in 2012 ) .
Phyllis Grant is a Mi’gmaq artist from Pabineau First Nation , New Brunswick , Canada .
Thierry Boon is a Belgian scientist , former Director of the Ludwig Cancer Research branch in ( Belgium ) and professor at the Université Catholique de Louvain .
Dave Lepard ( born David Roberto Hellman , 28 May 1980 - 13 January 2006 , Uppsala , Sweden ) was the lead singer and guitarist in the Swedish Glam metal band Crashdïet .
Tukumana Te Taniwha ( 1862 - -1941 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and historian of Māori descent .
Gordon Forlong ( 14 February 1819 -- 30 August 1908 ) was a Scottish - born New Zealand evangelist .
Ali Matthews is a Canadian Contemporary Christian musician and songwriter from Stratford , Ontario , Canada .
Manuel Mindán Manero ( 1902 in Calanda , Spain -- 2006 in Madrid ) was an Aragonese philosopher and priest .
Born 28 February 1992 in Istanbul , Turkey , Yener Arıca moved to The Hague , in the Netherlands with his family , where he grew up .
Danial Mahini ( Persian : دانیال ماهینی‎‎ ) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Khuzestan in the Iran Pro League .
Fern Sutherland is a New Zealand actress , best known for her role as Dawn in The Almighty Johnsons .
Lucien Rudaux was the son of the painter Edmond Rudaux , and grandfather by marriage of the French physicist Francis Rocard In 1892 , he joined the Société astronomique de France .
Heinz Falk ( born April 29 , 1939 in Sankt Pölten , Lower Austria ) is professor emeritus for organic chemistry at Johannes Kepler University of Linz and editor of `` Progress in the Chemistry of Organic Natural Compounds '' .
Jean - Baptiste - Louis Franquelin was born at Saint - Michel de Villebernin , France in 1650 .
Sir Woolf Fisher ( 20 May 1912 -- 12 January 1975 ) was a New Zealand businessman and philanthropist who co - founded Fisher & Paykel , a major appliance manufacturing company , and the Ra Ora Stud , an important Thoroughbred racehorse breeding operation .
Herbert Prohaska ( born 8 August 1955 in Vienna , Austria ) is a retired Austrian football player .
Lakshman Pinto Jayatilaka Senewiratne ( born 9 March 1957 ) ( known as Lakshman Senewiratne ) is a Sri Lankan politician , current Cabinet Minister of Sugar Industries and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka representing the Badulla District .
From the time of the change of regime in Hungary until he became MP in the Hungarian Parliament Gyula Hegyi had been the spokesman and the member of the presidency of several Hungarian organisation , such as Demokratikus Charta , Nyilvánosság Klub and Amnesty International .
Adi ibn Zayd was a 6th - century Arab Christian poet from a family in al - Hirah .
Ogbidi Okojie , Onojie ( king ) of Uromi ( 1857 -- February 3 , 1944 ) was a ruler of the Esan people in what is now Edo State in Nigeria , still remembered for his opposition to British rule .
Carl Mikael Lustig ( born 13 December 1986 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a right and centre back for Scottish Premiership team Celtic and the Sweden national team .
Michel Vanderbauwhede also played 15 times for Belgium .
Enkeleid Dobi ( born 23 May 1975 in Durrës ) is a former Albanian footballer who played for clubs in Albania , Croatia , Slovenia , Poland and France as well as the Albania national team .
Albert Ludwig ( born November 14 , 1919 ) was a long serving politician and World War II combat veteran , lawyer , judge and current author from Alberta , Canada .
Emilio Azcárraga Vidaurreta ( 2 March 1895 , Tampico , Tamaulipas -- 23 September 1972 , Mexico City ) was a Mexican businessman , the son of Basque immigrants Mariano Azcárraga and Emilia Vidaurreta .
Janusz Gortat ( born November 5 , 1948 in Brzozów ) is a retired boxer from Poland , who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1972 .
Erlend Bratland ( born 27 October 1991 in Husnes , Kvinnherad , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer with a Egyptian mother .
Vicente Gómez , born in Honduras , was President of El Salvador from 1 to 15 February 1854 .
Louis Childs Sanford ( July 27 , 1867 - August 10 , 1948 ) was missionary bishop of San Joaquin , California , in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Mohammad Farouk Tayfour is the deputy leader of the Muslim Brotherhood of Syria .
To be able to keep the traveling distances short , Kristers now lives in the Netherlands but returns to Latvia in the off - season to work at his motorcycle dealership , `` Kristers Serģis Moto '' .
Mothetjoa Metsing is a Lesotho politician who has been Deputy Prime Minister of Lesotho since June 2012 .
Won Kwang - hwa was born in what is now South Korea .
Alice Ethel Minchin ( 5 November 1889 -- 26 July 1966 ) was a New Zealand teacher and librarian .
Sornnarai Chamrurai ( Thai : ศรนารายณ์ จำรุราย , born 7 March 1991 ) , simply known as Max ( Thai : แม็ก ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
José Antonio Latorre Beaskoetxea , better known as `` Txato Latorre '' , was a Spanish football player who was born in Zorrotza , Biscay , Spain on 1 December 1941 .
Attila Menyhárd Ph.D. is a Hungarian lawyer , a professor of civil law and the head of the Department at Eötvös Loránd University ( hereafter ELTE ) , Faculty of Law , Civil Law Department in Budapest , Hungary .
Amy May Hutchinson ( 2 July 1888 -- 11 June 1985 ) was a New Zealand maternity reformer .
Françoise - Marie Jacquelin was born in 1621 - Nogent - Le - Rotrou in France Baptisée le 18 juillet 1621 à Nogent - le - Rotrou ( Source Jean - Marie Germe ( 2001 ) Les Amitiés Généalogiques Canadiennes - Françaises / DGFA Moncton 2003 ) .
In 1814 , Antonio José de Sucre joined the fight for South American independence from Spain .
Marianela Rodriguez ( born 1991 in Santa Clara , Cuba ) is a beauty queen , model and actress from Cuba who came to the spotlight after working for Univision Venevision Studios El Talisman , soap opera , recorded in Florida .
Galina Kravchenko was born on February 11 , 1905 , in Kazan , Russian Empire ( now Kazan , Tatarstan , Russia ) .
Susanne Wasum - Rainer ( born 31 July 1956 ) is a German diplomat , since August 2012 Germany 's Ambassador to France .
Danielius Dolskis ( 1891 - -1931 ) was a popular Lithuanian singer noted in pre - revolutionary Russia and in inter - war Lithuania .
In 2011 he jumped over 2 m and only three years later Paulo Conceição already represented Portugal at the Mediterranean U23 Championships , in Aubagne , where he became a silver medallist with 2.15 m .
Nacho López ( Ignacio López Bocanegra 1923 - -1986 ) was an important figure in the photojournalism of Mexico in the 20th century .
Anandrao Vithoba Adsul ( Marathi : आनंदराव विठोबा अडसूळ ) ( born 1 June 1947 ) is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India .
Aaron Barclay ( born 21 October 1992 ) is a triathlete who represents New Zealand internationally .
Maxwell James Grant Smart ( 1896 - -1972 ) was a notable New Zealand farmer , museum director , historian , archaeologist and writer .
Abraham Asscher ( Amsterdam,19 September 1880 -- 2 May 1950 ) was a Dutch Jewish businessman from Amsterdam , a politician , and a leader of his community who attained notoriety for his role during the German occupation of the Netherlands ( 1940 - -1945 ) .
Anil Das is a Malayalam film director and screenwriter from Kerala , India .
Clara Thalmann was one of ten children of a working - class family in Basel , Switzerland .
Ezzatollah Akbari Zarinkolaei ( Persian : عزت‌الله اکبری زرین‌کلایی‎ , born 20 August 1992 in Juybar , Iran ) is an Iranian wrestler .
Gabriela Toscano ( b. October 25 , 1965 , Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan actress who works in Argentina .
Jaime Barrón Poveda ( born 1959 in Sucre ) is former mayor of the city of Sucre , Bolivia , representing the Pact of Social Integration ( PAÍS ) political party , which is closely aligned with the Inter - Institutional Committee of Chuquisaca .
Ngassam Nana Falemi ( born May 5 , 1974 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian - born Cameroonian football player who last played for Gaz Metan Mediaş in Romania 's Liga I. Although born in Romania , he played for the Cameroon national football team , including appearing at the 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup .
Francesco Profumo ( born 3 May 1953 ) is an Italian engineer and academic who was Italy 's Minister of Education from 16 November 2011 to 28 April 2013 .
Jyoti Kalani , wife of Pappu Kalani , is an Indian politician from Ulhasnagar ( a suburb of Mumbai , India ) .
Jasper Tudor , Duke of Bedford , Earl of Pembroke , KG ( Welsh : Siasbar Tudur ) ( c. 1431 -- 21/26 December 1495 ) was the uncle of King Henry VII of England and the architect of his successful conquest of England and Wales in 1485 .
In November 2012 , Piotr Orzechowski 's debut solo album with arrangements and works inspired by the œuvre of Krzysztof Penderecki was released on the Decca Classics / Universal Music Poland label .
Simon Schwartzman ( born July 1939 in Belo Horizonte , Brazil ) is a Brazilian social scientist .
Anne Goulding ( born 1966 ) is a New Zealand library academic , specialising in the management of public libraries .
Ehlo Huang ( Chinese : 黃玉榮 ; pinyin : Huang Yu Rong ; born April 1 , 1977 in Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese actor and member of Taiwanese group 183 Club .
Galina Danilova was born in Yoshkar - Ola and raised in the village of Yudino ( Kazan ) , Russia .
Sébastien Briat was an anti - nuclear activist from Meuse , France who gained international media attention in 2004 when he was struck and killed by a train carrying nuclear waste near Avricourt , France , after preparing to chain himself to the tracks while participating in a protest against nuclear power .
Fumiaki Kobayashi ( born 10 December 1974 ) is a pole vaulter from Japan .
In 2008 , Bùi Tấn Trường was a member of Vietnam U22 squad which won Merdeka Cup after beating hosts Malaysia in the final .
Robert Bartko ( born 23 December 1975 in Potsdam ) is a road bicycle and track cyclist from Germany , who was born in the former East Germany .
Rosario Marciano , born July 5 , 1944 in Caracas , Venezuela , died there September 4 , 1998 was a classical pianist , musicologist and teacher .
Evans Wadongo ( born 11 March 1986 ) is a Kenyan engineer , the Co - Founder of GreenWize Energy Ltd , the Executive Director and Founder of SDFA - Kenya , and one of CNN 's top ten heroes of 2010 .
Cassie Davis ( born 1987 ) is an Australian singer , songwriter and producer from Perth , Western Australia .
Jameson Timba is the Zimbabwe Deputy Minister of Media , Information and Publicity .
Sindhura Gadde is an Indian actress and former Femina Miss India World who also made to the semi - finals of Miss World Pageant in 2005 .
Enrique Moya ( born 1958 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan poet , fiction writer , literary translator , essayist and critic of music and literature .
Sailendra Nath Manna ( 1 September 1924 -- 27 February 2012 ) , known popularly as Sailen Manna , was an Indian International Footballer and is considered to be one of the best defenders India has ever produced .
Ajit Ninan ( born in 1955 in Hyderabad , India ) is a well - known Indian political cartoonist , best known for drawing the Centrestage series of cartoons in India Today magazine and Ninan 's World in the Times of India .
P. B. Sawant ( born 30 June 1930 ) is a former Supreme Court judge in India .
She was the first recipient of the KS&A Patricia Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award from the United Kingdom charity Knowledge Support & Action .
Elliott Hagen ( born in Mooloolaba , Australia ) is an Australian rugby union player .
Francesc Tur Blanch ( born 31 January 1977 ) is a wheelchair tennis player from Spain .
Documentary about Bibiana Beglau , Germany 2006 ( Script and Director : Johanna Schickentanz )
Since then , the Danish Cycle Union refused to let Bo Hamburger represent Denmark .
Manuel Antonio Caro ( born Manuel Antonio Caro Olavarría ) ( June 3 , 1835 -- July 14 , 1903 ) was a Chilean painter and is classed among Chile 's best - loved artists .
Emine Ayna , ( 1 July 1968 , Dicle , Diyarbakir , Turkey ) is a contemporary politician in Turkey of Zaza descent .
Kawee Tanjararak or Beam was born on May 18 , 1980 in Thailand .
Rudolf August Oetker elevated the company to a household name in Germany today .
Lovely Anand was a member of the 10th Lok Sabha , the lower house of the Parliament of India .
Mark Holyoake is a New Zealand gymnast , born in Wellington .
Tom Trana ( 29 November 1937 , in Kristinehamn , Sweden -- May 17 , 1991 ) , was a famous motor rally driver .
Blessed Ceslaus , O.P. , ( Polish : Czesław ) ( c. 1184 -- c. 1242 ) was born in Kamień Śląski in Silesia , Poland , of the noble family of Odrowąż , and was a relative , possibly the brother , of Saint Hyacinth .
Rava had worked extensively in Argentina , and Haden 's sympathy for Latin American music was well - known ; furthermore Palle Mikkelborg and Dino Saluzzi had worked together productively in George Gruntz 's band : there was a common ground on which an artistic exchange of ideas could take place .
Ioan Neag ( born 18 February 1994 in Pianu , Romania ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a centre back for Liga II club Gaz Metan Mediaș .
Erik Rinde ( 17 March 1919 -- 28 May 1994 ) was a Norwegian jurist who became a pioneer of social sciences in Norway .
Jesús Héctor Gallego Herrera ( died June 1971 ) was a Colombian Roman Catholic priest who was kidnapped and killed in Panama following his opposition to the Panamanian military ruler Omar Torrijos .
Vladimir Damgov was born in Sofia , Bulgaria , the son of a lawyer and of a French language teacher .
George Thew Burke ( 1776 -- February 2 , 1854 ) was a soldier , merchant and political figure in Upper Canada .
Juan Tomás de Boxadors began his career as a diplomat of the Kingdom of Spain to the court of Charles VI , Holy Roman Emperor .
Barbara d'Urso , born Maria Carmela d'Urso ( Naples , Italy 7 May 1957 ) is an Italian television actress and singer .
Vithoon Kijmongkolsak ( Thai : วิฑูรย์ กิจมงคลศักดิ์ ) , ( born June 21 , 1962 in Nakhon Sawan ) is a Thai football player and former Thailand national team captain .
Wim Vrösch ( born March 20 , 1945 in Heerlen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch professional footballer and manager .
Earlier in his career , while Latvia was still part of the Soviet Union , Andris Piebalgs worked as a teacher and was the Headmaster of the 1st Secondary School of Valmiera ( 1980 - -1990 ) .
Trésor Mputu Mabi ( born 10 December 1985 ) is a Congolese football midfielder and striker who plays for Angolan side Kabuscorp and the Democratic Republic of the Congo national football team .
Alfred Martin Duggan - Cronin was an Irish - born South African photographer who undertook several photographic and collecting expeditions in South Africa and adjacent territories between 1919 and 1939 , in the course of which he documented people and rural life throughout the subcontinent .
Piyachart Tamaphan ( Thai : ปิยะชาติ ถามะพันธ์ ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Nathalie Moellhausen ( born 1 December 1985 ) is an Italo - Brazilian épée fencer , team World champion in 2009 and team European champion in 2007 for Italy .
Balwant Pandurang Kirloskar ( Devanagari : बळवंत पांडुरंग किर्लोस्कर ) ( 1843 - 1885 ) , popularly known as Annasaheb Kirloskar , was a Marathi playwright from Maharashtra , India .
Antonio Barreca ( born 25 March 1995 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a full back for Cagliari , on loan from Torino and the Italy national under-21 team .
Edward Aninaru was born and raised in Bucharest , the capital of Romania , where he graduated a school of music and one of accountancy and attended two colleges .
Son of the comic comedian Pierre Desrosiers and brother of singers André Fontaine and Édouard Desrosiers , Jacques Desrosiers begins in 1956 as imitator and cabaret artist on CBC / Radio - Canada television .
Daniël de Jong ( born 9 July 1992 , in Rotterdam ) is a professional racing driver from the Netherlands .
Erol Ozensoy ( born 1953 ) , a self - made Turkish entrepreneur , industrialist and businessmen , who founded Kimetsan , one of the largest chemical companies in Turkey today .
Constance of Castile ( c 1140 - 4 October 1160 ) was Queen of France as the second wife of Louis VII , who married her following the annulment of his marriage to Eleanor of Aquitaine .
Shervin Najafian ( Persian : شروین نجفیان ‎‎ ) is an Iranian actor , singer , composer and poet born in Tehran , Iran .
Salome Zurabishvili was Head of the Division of International and Strategic Issues of National Defence General Secretariat of France in 2001 - 2003 .
Beverly Boys ( born July 4 , 1951 ) is a retired diver from Canada , who represented her native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1968 .
Vladimir Božović was among the founding members of the Montenegro national team , starting the team 's first - ever match against Hungary on 24 March 2007 .
Vahram Sargsyan ( alternate transliterations include Sargissian , Sarkissian or Sargsian , Armenian : Վահրամ Սարգսյան ; born 28 May 1981 , Yerevan , Armenia ) is an Armenian composer and choral conductor currently living in Montreal , Canada .
João Antunes ( 1642 - -1712 ) was a Portuguese architect , considered one of the most important Baroque architects of Portugal .
Ignace Tirkey 's younger brother Prabodh Tirkey also represented India in hockey .
George Edward Harris ( born 1964 ) is a United Kingdom based art photographer / artist / spoken word poet who deals with spaces and journeys in his photography , political and abstract observation poetry and abstract real painting .
Born in 1898 in Palermo , Italy , Fulco di Verdura grew up in aristocratic surroundings largely unchanged since the 1700s .
Finley Rasmussen is a New Zealand rugby league player who was named in Wellington Rugby League 's team of the century in 2012 .
Igor Picușceac ( born 27 March 1983 , in Tiraspol ) is a Moldovan footballer who plays as a striker for Sheriff Tiraspol and for the Moldova national team .
Leonce Kevin Andzouana ( born 15 November 1982 ) is a Republic of the Congo footballer with Golden Arrows of the Premier Soccer League in South Africa .
Born in Madrid , Spain , Vicente Alcazar began his career in the 1960s .
Socorro Avelar ( 1925 in Cuernavaca , Mexico -- 11 February 2003 ) was a Mexican actress .
Enrico Montesano ( born 7 June 1945 , in Rome , Italy ) , is a popular actor for theater and cinema in Italy , as well as a showman .
Payan Rafat ( Persian : پایان رأفت‎‎ , born September 9 , 1970 in Astara , Iran ) is a retired Iranian footballer and current coach .
Sir Henry Moncrieff Smith CIE ( 23 December 1873 -- 21 November 1951 ) was a British administrator in India .
Johann Christian Claudius Devaranne ( March 8 , 1784 -- July 20 , 1813 ) was one of the leaders of the Russian Truncheon Insurgency directed against Napoleon I of France 's military occupation of Solingen in Germany 's North Rhine - Westphalia .
Fausto Salsano ( born in Cava de ' Tirreni , Italy , on 19 December 1962 ) is a football manager and former Italian footballer , most recently he is an assistant coach at Serie A club Internazionale .
Nezool ( fl . 5th century ) was a king of the Kingdom of Aksum .
Abdul Hakeem Khan was a former governor of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan and former Chief Justice of Peshawar High Court He belongs to Baffa , the largest Union Council of Mansehra District .
General Anoop Malhotra ( born 1955 , in Nainital , India ) is a Lt General in the Indian Army .
Dr Lakra ( Jeronimo Lopez Ramirez , born 1972 , Mexico ) is an artist and tattooist based in Oaxaca , Mexico .
Salah Al Budair was born in the region of Al - Ahsa , Saudi Arabia .
Shiv Dayal Batish ( also known as S.D. Batish , Master Ramesh , Nirmal Kumar , Pandit Shiv Dayal Batish ; 14 December 1914 -- 29 July 2006 ) was an Indian musician born in Patiala , India to a Brahmin family .
Sigitas Geda was born in the village of Paterai , in the Lazdijai district of Lithuania ( at the time , the Lithuanian SSR ) , to Zigmas Geda and Aleksandra Gedienė .
Sergio Robles Valenzuela ( born April 16 , 1946 in Magdalena de Kino , Sonora , Mexico ) was a catcher in Major League Baseball .
Ivana Palezevic ( Born 21 October 1989 ) is a New Zealand actor known best for her role as Tabetha in The Killian Curse .
Tedd Josiah ( born 1970 ) is a music producer from Kenya .
Kris Gemmell ( born 28 April 1977 in Palmerston North ) is a New Zealand triathlete , and 2002 World Aquathon Champion in Cancún , Mexico .
Catherine Chichak ( October 7 , 1934 -- April 6 , 2009 ) was a provincial and municipal politician from Alberta , Canada .
Antoine - Augustin Parmentier ( Montdidier August 12 , 1737 -- December 13 , 1813 ) is remembered as a vocal promoter of the potato as a food source for humans in France and throughout Europe .
Joseph Benjamin Prince ( April 29 , 1855 -- October 25 , 1920 ) was a farmer , rancher and political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Mario Aerts ( born 31 December 1974 in Herentals , Belgium ) is a former professional road bicycle racer , who competed between 1996 and 2011 .
José Sacal ( born José Sacal Micha , September 25 , 1944 ) is a sculptor and ceramist born in Mexico ( Cuernavaca , Morelos ) .
Enrique Beltrán Castillo ( 1903 -- 1994 ) was one of Mexico 's first conservationists .
Mulji Jagmal Sawaria , Rai Saheb ( 1889 - -1956 ) was a noted railway contractor , miner and Kutchi businessman , who established himself at Bilaspur , India .
Chae Sang - byung ( Hangul : 채상병 ; hanja : 蔡尙秉 ; born December 18 , 1979 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a South Korean catcher who plays for the Samsung Lions in the Korea Baseball Organization .
Sujeewa Senasinghe ( Sinhala : සුජීව සේනසිංහ ) ( born 13 December 1971 ) is a Sri Lankan politician , a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and he is the current State Minister of `` International Trade '' , He was appointed Deputy Minister of Justice on 12 January 2015 under 100 Days Program .
Ali Tayebnia ( Persian : علی طیب‌نیا‎‎ , born 5 April 1960 ) is an Iranian academic , economist and Iran 's Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance .
Aziz Herawi ( b. Herat , Afghanistan , c. 1952 ) is a noted musician from Afghanistan .
Adrianus Tegularius ( 1605 -- 1654 ) was a theologian from the Northern Netherlands best known today for his portrait by Frans Hals .
Estanislao Zuleta ( 1935 in Medellín , Antioquia -- 1990 in Cali , Valle ) was a Latin American philosopher , writer and professor from Colombia .
Cheikh El Hasnaoui ( 1910 - -2002 ) was a Berber singer born in a small town near Tizi ouzou in Algeria .
Bjorn Englen ( born Björn Erik Englén in Växjö , Sweden ) is the bass player for Soul Sign , Dio Disciples and Tony MacAlpine .
Manjushree Thapa grew up in Nepal , Canada and the USA .
Carlos Manuel Urzúa Macías ( b. June 9 , 1955 Aguascalientes ) is a Mexican professor of economics and the director of the Escuela de Graduados en Administración Pública at the Tec de Monterrey , Mexico City Campus .
Artur Mroczka ( born 2 November 1989 in Poland ) is an international speedway rider who is a member of the Poland U-21 national team .
Barrie Truman is a football ( soccer ) coach who managed the New Zealand national team .
Ramón Bogarín Argaña ( 1911 - -1976 ) was a Paraguayan writer and bishop and keynote speaker of Paraguay .
Yeo Guat Kwang ( simplified Chinese : 杨木光 ; traditional Chinese : 楊木光 ; pinyin : Yáng Mùguāng ; born 27 January 1961 ) is a Member of the 12th Parliament of Singapore for the Ang Mo Kio GRC .
Halkedaliya Lekamlage alias Mahawela Lekamlage Premalal Jayasekara is a Sri Lankan politician , a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a government minister .
Manfred Gnädinger ( Dresden 1940 -- Camelle , 28 December 2002 ) a.k.a . Man or O Alemán was a German hermit and sculptor who lived in the village of Camelle , on the Costa da Morte , in Galicia ( Spain ) .
Pablo Gallo ( born July 3 , 1989 , Spain ) is a Spanish actor .
Stuart Lyon Smith ( born May 7 , 1938 ) is a politician , psychiatrist , academic and public servant in Ontario , Canada .
Trent Lowe ( born 8 October 1984 in Melbourne ) is a professional road bicycle racer from Australia .
Ervin Bossányi ( 3 March 1891 in Rigyica / Riđica , Austria - Hungary -- 11 July 1975 in Eastcote in Greater London , England ) was a Hungarian artist , who worked mainly in northern Germany until his emigration in 1934 .
Sirkka Hämäläinen ( born 8 May 1939 in Riihimäki ) is a Finnish economist , former governor of the Bank of Finland ( 1992 - -1998 ) and member of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank ( 1998 - -2003 ) .
Dallas Tamaira or as he is better known as , Joe Dukie , is the vocalist for the New Zealand group Fat Freddy 's Drop .
Danilo Medina Sánchez ( born 10 November 1951 ) is a Dominican politician and the current President of the Dominican Republic , since 2012 .
Abdul Hameed Chapra ( Urdu : عبدالحمید چھاپرا‎ ) is an acclaimed veteran journalist and activist from Pakistan .
Gijubhai Badheka ( November 15 , 1885 - June 23 , 1939 ) born Chittal , India , was an educationist who helped to introduce Montessori education methods to India .
Joe Naufahu ( born Joseph Stalin Pereira Naufahu 25 January 1978 in New Zealand ) is a former professional rugby union player and now actor .
Luz María Zetina ( born Luz María Zetina Lugo on May 28 , 1973 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress , model , TV hostess , TV personality and former Miss Mexico 1994 .
Madeleine Sandig ( born 12 August 1983 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany ) is a German road and track racing cyclist .
Rene Van Verseveld ( born in Utrecht , Netherlands ) is a Dutch musician , songwriter , recording engineer , composer and record producer .
Hugo Consuegra ( born Hugo Consuegra Consuegra Sosa October 26 , 1929 in Havana , Cuba - January 25th 2003 in New York City , New York ) was a Cuban - American architect and artist specializing in graphic design , painting , and engraving .
Rudolf Rocker was born to the lithographer Georg Philipp Rocker and his wife Anna Margaretha née Naumann as the second of three sons in Mainz , Hesse ( now Rhineland - Palatinate ) , Germany , on March 25 , 1873 .
Parviz Piran , a sociologist and community development specialist presently is a faculty member of Social Research Department , Allameh Tabatabai University Tehran , Iran .
When the information about restoring of Hajduk 's work came to Frane Matošić , he returned to Croatia and smuggled himself on the free territory .
Alexander Kellner was born in Liechtenstein , in his early childhood moving with his parents to Brazil , where he was naturalized .
Michail Stifunin ( Russian : Михаил Юрьевич Стифунин : Mikhail Yuryevich Stifunin ; born 4 August 1978 ) is a former ice dancer who competed internationally for Russia and France .
Jitendra Karki ( Nepali : जितेन्द्र कार्की)is a footballer from Nepal .
Matthew Sturm ( born 13 December 1972 ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in New Zealand and in the English Super League .
Wilfrid Mervyn Lusty ( 25 March 1907 - -31 May 1987 ) was a New Zealand journalist , drama critic , theatre administrator and adult educationalist .
M. Gloria Koussihouede , occasionally listed in results as `` M. Koussihouede '' , ( born April 4 , 1989 , in Porto - Novo , Benin ) is a swimmer from Benin .
Páll Guðmundsson ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈpʰautl̥ ˈkʏðmʏntsɔn ) ; born 1959 in Húsafell in the west of Iceland , where he still lives ) is a sculptor and artist .
Wander dos Santos Machado , commonly known as Formiga , ( born 25 April 1976 ) is a retired footballer who played as a forward for clubs in Brazil , Albania and Greece .
Klaus Röder ( often spelled Roeder ) is a German musician and music teacher , born 7 April 1948 in Stuttgart , Germany .
Eraclio Catalin Rodríguez Cereijo , better known as Horacio Guarany ( b. Las Garzas , Santa Fe Province , Argentina , May 15 , 1925 ) , is one of the main Argentine folkloric singers , and a writer .
Sergey Kinyakin ( Russian : Серге́й Кинякин ; born 6 October 1961 ) is a rower from Belarus who competed for the Soviet Union .
Artur Vaz gained 3 caps for Portugal and made his debut 21 November 1953 in Lisbon against South Africa in a 3 - 1 win .
M. B. Rajesh is an Indian Politician and a Member of Parliament of the 16th Lok Sabha of India .
Germán Frers ( born July 4 , 1941 in Argentina ) is a naval architect renowned for designing successful racing yachts .
Niki Hastings - McFall ( born 1959 ) is a New Zealand jeweller and artist of Samoan and Pākehā descent .
Squadron Leader Derek Harland Ward , DFC & Bar , was a New Zealand flying ace during the Second World War .
Jukka Rislakki ( 1945 in Kuusankoski , Finland ) is an awarded Finnish journalist , non - fiction writer , and political cartoonist who has published a number of books , mostly on recent history of Finland , the Baltic states , and books on intelligence activities .
Jack de Haas was born in London but moved to Rotterdam in the Netherlands with his parents when he was two years old .
Trần Văn Chương ( 2 June 1898 -- 24 July 1986 ) was South Vietnam 's ambassador to the United States in the early 1960s and the father of the country 's de facto first lady , Madame Nhu ( 1924 - 2011 ) .
Jayayakshya Malla ( often named Yaksha Malla for short ) ( Nepali : यक्ष मल्ल ) was a Malla Dynasty king of Nepal from around 1428 to 1482 .
As an activist , Phyu Phyu Thin has been an outspoken critic of the State Peace and Development Council , which she says is understating the number of HIV and AIDS cases in Myanmar .
Susan Wayland ( born June 23 , 1980 in Leipzig , Germany ) is a German fashion model who features in photography , especially in the area of latex fetishism .
Toby Arnold ( b. September 11 , 1987 ) is a New Zealand Rugby union player .
Massimiliano Duran ( born November 3 , 1963 in Ferrara , Italy ) is a former Italian professional boxer who briefly held the Cruiser WBC title and the European championship .
Salvatore Mancuso Gómez , also known as `` el Mono Mancuso'',``Santander Lozada '' or `` Triple Cero '' , among other names ( born August 17 , 1964 in Montería , Córdoba ) is a Colombian paramilitary leader , once second in command of the United Self - Defense Forces of Colombia ( AUC ) paramilitary group .
Francisco Rodrigues da Silva also known as `` Nunca '' is a Brazilian artist who uses a graffiti technique to create images that confront modern urban Brazil with its native past .
Jani Tapani Virtanen ( born 6 May 1988 , Turku , Finland ) is a professional Finnish footballer .
Ryan Van Natten ( born November 11 , 1987 ) is an American ice dancer who currently competes for Mexico with partner Corenne Bruhns .
Sheeva Peo ( 7 November 1976 ) was the first woman to compete at the Olympics for Nauru when she entered the weightlifting at the super heavyweight class in the 2000 Summer Olympic Games , where she finished 10th .
Joan Josep Laguarda i Fenollera was Bishop of Urgel and ex officio Co - Prince of Andorra from 1902 to 1906 .
Reinhard Wendemuth ( born 1 January 1948 ) is a former German rower who competed for West Germany in the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics .
Bounty Killer ( born Rodney Price ; 12 June 1972 ; Kingston , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall deejay .
Hannah Rebecca Frances Caverhill ( 22 November 1834 - -11 August 1897 ) was a New Zealand diarist and homemaker .
Bolaji Idowu ( 1913 - -1993 ) was the third native - born leader of the Methodist Church Nigeria , serving from 1972 to 1984 .
Attapong Nooprom ( Thai : อรรถพงศ์ หนูพรหม , born February 13 , 1990 ) , simply known as Toto ( Thai : โตโต้ ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Maksim Bоrtnik ( born July 3 , 1987 in Kharkiv ) , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ( in present - day Ukraine ) .
Rikki Wemega - Kwawu is a contemporary Ghanaian artist , born on February 3 , 1959 in the city of Sekondi , Ghana .
Her company , Marianne Majerus Garden Images , provides garden images to the media in the United Kingdom and worldwide .
Sila María Calderón Serra ( born September 23 , 1942 ) is a Puerto Rican politician , businesswoman , and philanthropist who served as the eighth Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico from 2001 to 2005 .
Abdullah Sallum al - Samarra'i was an Iraqi Ba'athist politician and leading member of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party in Iraq .
Hélène de Portes ( 1902 - 1940 ) was a countess of France .
Muhammad al - Qiq , ( born in 1982 ) , married and father of two children , lives in the village of Abu Qash in the Ramallah District in Palestine .
Major Johnny Paul Koroma ( born 9 May 1960 ; declared dead 1 June 2003 ) was the head of state of Sierra Leone from May 1997 to February 1998 .
Shaun Rubenstein ( born 5 November 1983 in Johannesburg , Gauteng , South Africa ) is a South African canoer .
Professor Cynthia Pine CBE ( born October , 1953 ) is a British Dentistry educator .
Mikhail Doller was born in Vilno , Russian Empire ( now Vilnius , Lithuania ) .
George Grey Andrews ( 17 May 1880 - -19 January 1952 ) was a New Zealand yacht designer , builder and racer , engineer , naval officer .
Torsten Amft ( born 14 January 1971 in Leipzig , Germany ) is a German fashion designer and artist .
Stefan Jędrychowski ( 9 May 1910 - 1996 ) was a Polish journalist and communist politician , who served as deputy prime minister , foreign minister and finance minister in Poland .
Claudio Lafarga ( Born on July 25 , 1979 , Mexico City , Distrito Federal , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actor .
Philippe Forquet Viscount de Dorne born September 27 , 1940 in Paris , France , is an actor and the son of a wealthy aristocrat , Marcius Forquet Viscount de Dorne .
Carlos Walker Martínez ( born in Vallenar in February 1842 ; died in Santiago , Chile , on 5 October 1905 ) was a Chilean lawyer , politician and poet .
Pirkko - Liisa Lehtosalo - Hilander has worked extensively e.g. with the Luistari Burial Ground in Eura , Southern Finland .
Harri Sakari Vaalio ( born 1956 in Järvelä , Kärkölä , Finland ) , also known by his artist name Wallu , is a Finnish cartoonist .
Amar - Sin 's reign is notable for his attempt at regenerating the ancient sites of Sumer .
Andris Naudužs ( Dobele , 9 September 1975 ) is a professional racing cyclist from Latvia .
Mohid Mohamed was born in Batu Pahat , Johor , Malaysia ( 19 September 1957 ) .
Václav Kacl ( born July 29 , 1910 , date of death unknown ) was a diver who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Bishop Manuel Hilario de Céspedes y García Menocal ( born March 11 , 1944 in Havana , Cuba ) is the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Matanzas ( 2005- ) .
Gaetano Perego ( died 1783 ) is an Italian painter active in Northern Italy .
Reinhard Kienast ( born 2 September 1959 ) is a retired Austrian football player who played 14 seasons for Rapid Wien and 13 times for the Austria national football team .
Cornel Dobre ( born 5 July 1975 , Bucureşti , Romania ) is a former Romanian footballer .
Mohamad Ibnu Sayuti , known as Sayuti Melik , ( born on November 22 , 1908 in Sleman , Yogyakarta , Dutch East Indies - died on February 27 , 1989 in Jakarta , Indonesia ) was the Indonesian typist of copy of the proclamation of independence , which was proclaimed by Sukarno on August 17 , 1945 .
Sebastian Francisco de Miranda was born in Caracas , Venezuela Province , in the Spanish colonial Viceroyalty of New Granada , and baptized on April 5 , 1750 .
Kee Marcello ( Kjell Hilding Löfbom ) born 20 February 1960 in Ludvika , Sweden is a Swedish musician , best known as the former guitarist in the rock band Europe .
Joseph Kasa - Vubu , alternatively Joseph Kasavubu , ( 1910 ( other sources have 1913 , 1915 and 1917 ) -- 24 March 1969 ) was the first President of the Congo - Léopoldville ( 1960 - -65 ) , today the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Francisco Arratia Saldierna ( 1949 ? -- 31 August 2004 ) was a Mexican journalist and columnist for several Mexican newspapers from Matamoros , Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Ante Jelavić ( born 21 August 1963 ) is a Bosnian Croat politician and former Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kostas Gousgounis ( Greek : Κώστας Γκουσγκούνης ; born 21 March 1931 in Larissa , Greece ) is considered a legendary figure of 1970s and 1980s Greek pornography .
Zhao Xin ( simplified Chinese : 赵信 ; traditional Chinese : 趙信 ; pinyin : Zhào Xìn ; Wade -- Giles : Chao Hsin ) , was originally a marquis of Xiongnu heritage , who previously surrendered to the Han Dynasty of China .
Balwinder Singh Bhunder is an Indian politician , currently a member of the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament of India , from the state of Punjab .
Ephat Mujuru ( 1950 - -2001 ) , was a Zimbabwean musician , one of the 20th century 's finest players of the mbira , a traditional instrument of the Shona ethnic group of Zimbabwe .
Enoch Olinga ( June 24 , 1926 -- September 16 , 1979 ) was born to an Anglican family of the Iteso ethnic group in Uganda .
Gerhard Körner won 33 caps for East Germany .
Seyed Mahmoud - Reza Sajjadi ( Persian : سيد محمود رضا سجادي‎ ) is an Iranian diplomat and the current Ambassador of Iran to Russia , presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 16 January 2009 .
Neil McCafferty ( born 19 July 1984 , Derry , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish footballer currently playing in the IFA Premiership with Portadown .
Tendai Nguni ( born 17 January 1985 ) , better known by his stage name Tehn Diamond or rather his Twitter name Happy Smurf is a Zimbabwean hip hop rapper , singer and song writer from Harare , Zimbabwe .
Cao Văn Viên ( December 21 , 1921 -- January 22 , 2008 ) was a South Vietnamese soldier who served in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) and rose to the position of Chairman of the South Vietnamese Joint General Staff .
Frank Ostholt ( born 23 September 1975 in Warendorf , Germany ) is a German eventing rider .
Jordi Masó was born in Barcelona , Spain , and studied at the Barcelona Conservatory with Josep M. Roger , at the Barcelona School of Music , with Albert Attenelle , and at the Royal Academy of Music of London with Christopher Elton and Nelly Akopian .
Birger Eyolf Kleven ( February 27 , 1908 - February 8 , 1989 ) was a Danish amateur football ( soccer ) player , who played 30 games and scored eight goals for the Denmark national football team from 1930 to 1942 .
Doris Gertrude Sheppard ( 1902 - -1982 ) was a New Zealand pianist , singer , composer and teacher .
Leonardo Argüello Barreto ( 29 August 1875 -- 15 December 1947 ) was a Nicaraguan politician who , after several attempts , became the President of Nicaragua in 1947 .
Sruli Recht is a designer and artist based in Reykjavík , Iceland .
Cecil Sheridan ( 21 December 1910 -- 4 January 1980 ) was an Irish comedian and actor who performed in variety shows and pantomimes in Ireland and Great Britain during a versatile career spanning over forty years .
Jorge Eduardo Recalde Ramírez ( born May 8 , 1992 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is an Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Libertad in the Primera División in Paraguay .
Leos Carax was born Alex Christophe Dupont in Suresnes , Hauts - de - Seine , a commune in the suburbs of Paris , France .
Frederick Robert Charles Clarke , known largely by his initials F. R. C. Clarke ( August 7 , 1931 -- November 18 , 2009 ) was a Canadian musician and composer who spent most of his musical career in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Krišjānis Tūtāns ( born 13 April 1983 , in Riga , Latvian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a windsurfing celebrity from Latvia , who entered the sport at the age of 13 .
Peer Baierlein ( born 16 May 1972 , Stuttgart , Germany ) is a German jazz musician .
Bent Lorentzen 's works are published in Denmark by Edition Wilhem Hansen , Copenhagen and Edition Samfundet , Copenhagen .
Richards was the first Australian rock and roll artist to record a 12 `` LP record in Australia , with Dig Richards , released in November 1959 .
Adolphe Muzito ( born 1957 ? ) is a Congolese politician who was Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from 2008 to 2012 .
Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo ( born July 9 , 1950 in Sedayu , Bantul , Yogyakarta ) is an Indonesian prelate and the current Archbishop of Jakarta , Indonesia , having previously served as Archbishop of Semarang ( 1997 - 2009 ) .
Aseel Omran ( Arabic : أسيل عمران‎ ) is a Saudi Arabian singer who rose to fame not only in Saudi Arabia but also in other countries in the Middle East when she entered the reality show Gulf Stars and Heya wa Huwa , which means Her and Him .
Sandro Petraglia ( born 19 April 1947 in Rome , Italy ) is an author and screenwriter .
James Gavet ( born 19 October 1989 ) is an Australian - born New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of Samoan heritage who as of January 2016 was training on a trial basis for the New Zealand Warriors .
Parvathy Baul ( born 1976 ) is a Baul folk singer , musician and storyteller from Bengal and one of the leading Baul musicians in India .
Abedin Nepravishta was an Albanian politician and twice former mayor of Tirana , Albania , during 1933 - 1935 and 1937 - 1939 .
Ray Columbus & the Invaders were a rock group from Christchurch , New Zealand that was active from 1964 to 1966 , fronted by the lead vocalist , Ray Columbus , a musician , television host and manager .
Renae Ayris ( born 17 September 1990 ) is an Australian dancer , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Australia 2012 and placed 3rd Runner - Up at the Miss Universe 2012 pageant .
Ajay Tamta ( Hindi : अजय टम्टा ) is a politician from Uttarakhand , India , and a Member of Parliament ( MP ) from Almora constituency after being elected in the General Elections of 2014 .
Ana de Mendonça ( 1460 - 1542 ) was a maid of the Queen regnant of Castile , Joanna la Beltraneja , and a mistress of King John II of Portugal , who was also Master of the Order of Saint James 1470 - 1492 .
Seo Jae - duck ( 서재덕 , born July 21 , 1989 ) is a volleyball player from South Korea , who plays as for the Men 's National Team from 2009 Summer Universiade .
Shahrokh Bayani ( 31 December 1960 ) is an Iranian football Midfielder who played for Iran in the 1984 Asian Cup .
C. M. Stephen ( 23 December 1918 -- 16 January 1984 ) was an Indian politician and Union Minister Republic of India .
Malcolm Wild ( 4 October 1931 -- 10 July 2011 ) was an Australian football ( soccer ) player , who represented Australia in two full international matches .
Wael Alaa ( born October 15 , 1987 in Cairo , Egypt ) is an Egyptian electronic musician and record producer known by his stage name NEOBYRD whose reputation started with his first album release `` Transbyrd '' in 2011 .
Vibhuti Narain Rai ( born 28 November 1951 ) is a police officer and author from India .
Lorentz Mortensen Angell ( 9 March 1626 -- 30 July 1697 ) was a merchant and landowner in Norway .
Selim III ( Ottoman Turkish : سليم ثالث Selīm - i sālis ) ( 24 December 1761 -- 28 or 29 July 1808 ) was the reform - minded Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1789 to 1807 .
Ingrid Dick ( born 14 January 1972 , in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian netball player .
Britta Martin ( * 2 September 1978 in Hannover , Germany ) is a German born , New Zealand based professional triathlete and multiple winner of Ironman distance races all over the world ( 2012 , 2014 ) .
Claude Bodin ( born May 15 , 1952 in Versailles ) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Val - d'Oise department .
Magnus Kofi Amoatey ( born 10 December 1948 ) is the MP - Elect for the Yilo Krobo Constituency in the Eastern Region of Ghana .
Pitaya Tibnoke ( Thai : พิทยา ตีบนอก ; born 21 September 1989 in Surin , Thailand ) is a weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category .
Zhang Tingyu ( Chinese : 張廷玉 ; Wade -- Giles : Chang T'ingyü , October 29 , 1672 -- April 30 , 1755 ) was a Han Chinese politician and historian who lived in the Qing dynasty .
Hadas Yaron was born in Israel on April 12 , 1990 and was raised in Tel Aviv .
Reza Zanjani was an Azeri from Zanjan Province in Northwest Iran .
Brendan Kingman was one of the most respected and prolific power hitters in Australia in the 90 's and 2000 's .
Fínnachta , son of Ollom Fotla , was , according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition , a High King of Ireland in succession to his father .
Brandon Chang ( Chinese : 張卓楠 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Zhāng Zhúonán ; born 28 December 1982 in Toronto , Canada ) is a popular Taiwanese artist .
Chakib Benmoussa ( Arabic : شكيب بن موسى‎ ) ( born 1958 , Fes ) is a former Interior Minister of Morocco and the lead negotiator for the Moroccan side in the Western Sahara conflict .
Sandro Chaves de Assis Rosa , ( born May 19 , 1973 in Brazil ) is a Brazilian football player .
Jared Barker ( born January 10 , 1975 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a former rugby union footballer who played professionally in England , as well as internationally for Canada .
Simone Angel ( born Simone Engelen , 25 December 1971 in Woerden , Netherlands ) is a Dutch TV host .
Abdul Rauf Ibrahimi is an Afghanistan legislator .
Leslie Ata ( born 14 October 1963 ) is a retired weightlifter who represented the Solomon Islands .
Born in Legaspi City , in the Philippines province of Albay , Merlinda Bobis attended Bicol University High School then completed her B.A. at Aquinas University in Legaspi City .
Uranía Haltenhoff Nikiforos is a Chilean beauty pageant titleholder She is the Miss Chile titleholder for 1990 and was the official representative of Chile to the Miss Universe 1990 pageant held in Los Angeles , USA .
Mary Spiteri is a popular cabaret artiste from Malta .
Narayan Dharap ( Devanagari : नारायण धारप ) ( August 27 , 1925 -- August 18 , 2008 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Baron Jean Godeaux ( 3 July 1922 -- 27 April 2009 ) was a Belgian economist , civil servant and former governor of the National Bank of Belgium ( NBB ) from 1982 until 1989 .
He was born François - Xavier Méthotte in Pointe - aux - Trembles , Lower Canada in 1796 and settled in the Lower Town of Quebec City , entering the wholesale and retail hardware business .
Dr Aurel Jivi was a priest in the Church of Romania .
Soeiro Raimundes de Riba de Vizela ( 1160 - 1220 ) was a Portuguese noblemen , alferes - mor of Afonso II of Portugal .
Ejnar Hertzsprung ( Danish pronunciation : ( ɑjnɐ ˈhæɐ̯d̥sb̥ʁɔŋ ) , 8 October 1873 -- 21 October 1967 ) was a Danish chemist and astronomer , born in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Joseph Kossivi Ahiator ( born c. 1956 in Aflao ) is a Ghanaian artist , described as the most `` sought - after India spirit temple painter in Bénin , Togo and Ghana '' .
Vik Sahay was born in Ottawa , Canada to Indian parents and attended Canterbury High School of the Arts in Ottawa .
Mujo Ulqinaku ( born Mujo Cakuli ; 1896 - -1939 ) was an Albanian officer of the Royal Albanian Army , known for his resistance on April 7 , 1939 to the Italian forces during the Italian Invasion of Albania .
Gino Borsoi ( born March 11 , 1974 in Motta di Livenza , Italy ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Antoine Haddad ( arabic:أنطوان حداد ) ( born 1954 , Ain Dara , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese politician .
Stephen of Pisa ( also Stephen of Antioch , Stephen the Philosopher ) was an Italian translator from Arabic active in Antioch and Southern Italy in the first part of the twelfth century .
Mladen Bartolović ( born April 10 , 1977 in Zavidovići , SR Bosnia - Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired football player .
Frank Sheldon Anthony ( 13 December 1891 - -13 January 1927 ) was a New Zealand seaman , farmer , short - story writer and novelist .
Debi Prasad Pal is a Senior Advocate practicing in the Supreme Court of India and High Courts of India .
Margarita Isabel ( born Margarita Isabel Morales y González on July 25 , 1943 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican Ariel Award - winning actress .
Morten Skaget ( born on 12 August 1960 in Trondheim , Norway ) , most commonly known by his former stage name Morty Black , is a bassist best known for playing with international bands like JORN , Ken Hensley , Terje Rypdal and TNT .
Mehmet Eren Boyraz ( born October 11 , 1981 in Karadeniz Ereğli , Zonguldak , Turkey ) is a Turkish football attacking midfielder .
Margaret Urlich ( born in Auckland , New Zealand ) is an ARIA Award - winning musician based in New South Wales .
Zulfiqar Babar ( born 10 December 1978 , Okara , Punjab , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani cricketer .
Rajesh Gopakumar ( born 1967 in Kolkata , India ) a theoretical physicist is director of the ICTS - TIFR in Bangalore .
Lesley Langley ( born 1945 ) is a British actress , model and beauty queen who was Miss United Kingdom and Miss World in 1965 .
Pierre II de Villiers was the son of Pierre I de Villiers ( 1320 - -1386 ) who was married to Marguerite de Vendome ( 1345 - -1382 ) , lived in his castle of L'Isle - Adam , also made his will in 1383 and in 1386 it receives the King of France .
Idir Ouali ( born 21 May 1988 in Roubaix , France ) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing for SC Paderborn .
Benyamin Bahadori ( Persian : بنیامین بهادری‎‎ ) is an Iranian Pop singer , composer and songwriter from Tehran , Iran .
María Susana Rivadeneira Simbal ( born September 8 , 1979 in Quito ) is a Ecuadorian model , painter and beauty queen who won Miss Ecuador 2004 and Top 10 finalist at Miss Universe 2004 .
Stefanie Joosten was born in Roermond , Limburg , in the southeastern reaches of the Netherlands .
Syed Qasim Mahmood ( Urdu : سید قاسم محمود‎ ; 17 November 1928 -- 31 March 2010 ) was a Pakistani intellectual and Urdu short story writer , novelist , researcher , editor , publisher , translator and foremost encyclopedist of Pakistan .
Akanksha Singh ( born 7 September 1989 ) is the current captain of India Women 's National Basketball Team .
Jean - Marc Decrop ( born 1955 in France ) is a specialist of Chinese contemporary art . He is one among the art collectors / dealers who have contributed to the discovery , the recognition and the influence of Chinese contemporary art abroad .
Anja Cetti Andersen ( born 25 September 1965 ) is an astronomer and astrophysicist from Hørsholm , Denmark .
Per a provision in his will , this collection was sent to the Ligurian Academy of Fine Arts in Genoa after his death , where it was later formed into the Museum of Japanese Art `` Edoardo Chiossone '' , opened to the public by King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy on October 30 1905 .
Eimer Ní Mhaoldomhnaigh is from Limerick , Ireland where she graduated from the Limerick School of Art and Design .
Narhar Vishnu Gadgil ( Devanagari : नरहर विष्णु गाडगीळ ) ( 10 January 1896 -- 12 January 1966 ) was an Indian freedom fighter and politician from Maharashtra , India .
Mary Harris Jones was born on the north side of the city of Cork , Ireland , the daughter of Roman Catholic tenant farmers Richard Harris and Ellen ( née Cotter ) Harris .
Frederick William Adolphus Skae ( 1842 - -1881 ) was a notable New Zealand psychiatrist and health administrator .
Zoë Wicomb ( born 23 November 1948 near Vanrhynsdorp , Western Cape , South Africa ) is a South African - Scottish author .
Piquet is currently retired and runs several businesses in Brazil and manages his sons Nelson Piquet Jr. and Pedro Piquet .
Awal Alhassan ( born 1980 in Tamale , Ghana ) , is a master dancer from the West African nation of Ghana .
Ewald Menzl ( born July 12 , 1908 , date of death unknown ) was a German bobsledder who competed for Czechoslovakia in the mid-1930s .
`` If there has been in Portugal a filmmaker who has continuously filmed ( apart from the well - known case , in the opposite direction , of Manoel de Oliveira ) , he is Edgar Pêra , as a consequence of his availability and insistence on doing so regardless of the perennial problems of juries and public subsidies .
Jawad al - Bulani ( Arabic : جواد البولاني‎ ) ( also spelled Al - Bolani ; born in 1960 ) served as the Interior Minister of Iraq within the Council of Ministers under Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki from 8 June 2006 to 21 December 2010 .
Nile Walwyn ( born 11 July 1994 ) is a Saint Kitts and Nevis international footballer .
Rodrigue Bourdages ( born October 22 , 1923 in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada - died October 12 , 1997 ) was a Canadian politician and contractor .
Gunnar Jonas Sima ( born 31 May 1937 in Hudiksvall , Sweden ) is a Swedish filmmaker , journalist , writer and educator .
Kenny Bräck ( born March 21 , 1966 in Arvika , Värmland ) is a race car driver from Sweden .
Seyed Jafar Kashfi is an Iranian calligrapher and cultural worker , who lives in Qom in Iran .
Jeļena Blaževiča ( born May 11 , 1970 , Riga , Latvia ) is a retired Latvian triple jumper .
Nadia Cortassa ( born January 5 , 1978 in Turin ) is an athlete from Italy .
Inger Lise Rypdal ( born 14 December 1949 in Lena , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer and actress in many different genres : pop , rock , theater , film , and musical .
Futatsuryū Jun'ichi ( 双津竜 順一 , born February 28 , 1950 as Jun'ichi Yamamoto , died August 12 , 2014 ) was a sumo wrestler from Hokkaidō , Japan .
Diomedes Cato ( 1560 to 1565 -- after 1618 ) was an Italian - born composer and lute player , who lived and worked entirely in Poland .
Jenn Proske was born in Toronto , Canada , to an American ex - professional dancer and a Canadian advertising creative director born in Slovenia , who owns a sandwich shop .
Araya Rasdjarmrearnsook ( born 1957 , Thailand ) is a Thai artist who works primarily with film and video .
Jay Firestone ( born 13 October 1956 ) is a Gemini award - winning film and television producer from Toronto Canada .
Givi Javakhishvili ( Georgian : გივი ჯავახიშვილი ) ( 1912 - -1985 ) was a Georgian Politician who served as Prime Minister of Georgia from 1953 to 1975 .
Enzo Artoni ( born January 27 , 1976 , in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , is a professional tennis player who represented Italy .
Myriam Montemayor Cruz ( born February 8 , 1981 , Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico ) , better known as Myriam , is a Mexican recording artist , known for winning the first season of Mexican talent show La Academia .
Wanchai Tabwises ( Thai : วันชัย ทัพวิเศษ ; rtgs : Wanchai Thapwiset , born February 11 , 1986 ) is a member of the Thailand men 's national volleyball team .
Stephanie Glaser ( 22 February 1920 -- 14 January 2011 ) was one of Switzerland 's most prominent stage , TV and film actresses , popular for her portrayal of down - to - earth , sympathetic characters .
Don Eduardo Garza Rivas LLD ( October 13 , 1933 -- May 24 , 2009 ) was the director of the Institute of Mediation of the State Justice in Mexico .
Yavuz Bingöl ( born 7 October 1964 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is in the folk realm of Turkish music and is also an actor .
Alfonso de Ceballos - Escalera y Gila , Duke of Ostuni in the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies , Marquess of La Floresta and Lord of the Castle of Arbeteta in the Kingdom of Spain ( born March 4 , 1957 in Madrid ) .
Michael Pärt , sometimes spelled `` Michael Paert '' , ( born 17 August 1977 in Tallinn , Estonia ; Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈpær̺t ) ) , is a music producer and co - founded and chairs Arvo Pärt Centre .
Sébastien Demers ( born 24 December 1979 in St. Hyacinthe , Quebec , Canada ) is a Canadian professional boxer , known as `` Double Trouble '' , who fights in the super middleweight division .
José Laureano Pineda Ugarte ( 4 July 1802 in Rivas , Potosí , Rivas -- 17 September 1853 ) was the 26th and 29th President ( then called Supreme Director ) of Nicaragua from 5 May to 11 August 1851 , as dissident from 4 August , and from 11 November 1851 to 1 April 1853 .
Jean - Pierre Bekolo ( born June 8 , 1966 in Yaoundé , Cameroon ) is a film director who is considered as one of Cameroon 's most famous filmmakers .
Lucy O'Byrne is a London - based singer from Dublin , Ireland .
Christophe Boesch ( born 8 November 1951 in St. Gallen , Switzerland ) is a primatologist who studies chimpanzees .
Pierre André Pourret ( 1754 - 1818 ) was a French abbot and botanist who did research and teaching in France and Spain .
Andrzej Ziemiański was born in Wrocław , Poland , where he grew up and settled .
Zhenli Ye Gon ( born January 31 , 1963 in Shanghai , China ) is a Chinese - Mexican businessman currently under suspicion of trafficking pseudoephedrine or ephedrine precursor chemicals into Mexico from Asia .
Chandrima Bhattacharya is an All India Trinamool Congress politician and Minister of Law , Judicial Affairs and Health in the Council of Ministers of West Bengal .
Warushavithana Saman Jayantha ( born January 26 , 1974 in Ambalangoda ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer who played 17 One Day Internationals for Sri Lanka in 2004 before he was dropped by the Sri Lankan selectors .
Ivan Rijavec ( born 1951 ) is an architect living and working in Australia .
Rosaura Lopez Lorenzo ( 16 March 1932 , Pontevedra , Spain -- 19 September 2005 , Pontevedra , Spain ) was a maid of John Lennon and Yoko Ono in the Dakota apartment between 1973 and 1980 .
DJ Hidden is an electronic music producer and DJ from Goes , Netherlands .
Richard Auguste Morse ( born 1957 ) is a Puerto - Rican - born Haitian - American musician and hotel manager currently residing in Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
Antoine Joubeir ( born August 18 , 1918 in Salvador , Lebanon - died on 4 June 1994 ) was an Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tripoli in Lebanon .
Georges - René Saveuse de Beaujeu , Comte de Beaujeu ( June 4 , 1810 -- July 29 , 1865 ) was a seigneur and political figure in Canada East .
Mohammed Seddik Ben Yahia or Benyahia ( January 30 , 1932 -- May 3 , 1982 ) was an Algerian politician and a militant nationalist during the war in Algeria .
Maxime Tissot ( born October 2 , 1985 in Sallanches ) is an alpine skier and soldier from France .
Ashley Torres ( born 15 September 1985 ) is a Belizean professional footballer who currently plays for Placencia Assassins and the Belize national football team as a striker .
Sten Sture the Younger ( Swedish : Sten Sture den yngre ) , Lord of Ekesiö ( 1493 -- 3 February 1520 ) , was a Swedish statesman and regent of Sweden , during the era of the Kalmar Union .
Iqbal Bhatkal aka Iqbal Shahbandri is the ideologue , leader and wanted terrorist of Indian Mujahideen , a terrorist group based in India .
Professor Robert Ajayi Boroffice ( born 23 April 1949 ) is a Nigerian academic and public servant who was elected Senator for Ondo North , in Ondo State , Nigeria on 9 April 2011 .
Yasmien Yuson Kurdi - Soldevilla ( born 25 January 1989 in San Juan , Metro Manila , Philippines ) , popularly known as Yasmien Kurdi , is an award - winning Filipina actress , voice actress , singer - songwriter and commercial model .
Alessio Saro ( born May 30 , 1975 in Milan , Italy ) , ( also known with the name of Billy Ballo and Nick Malanno ) , is an Italian actor and comedian .
John Wilson Bengough ( /ˈbɛnɡɔːf/ , 7 April 1851 -- 2 October 1923 ) was one of Canada 's first cartoonists , as well as an editor , publisher , writer , poet , entertainer , and politician .
Howe Yoon Chong ( Chinese : 侯永昌 ; pinyin : Hóu Yǒngchāng ) ( 1923 -- 21 August 2007 ) was a Minister in the Cabinet of Singapore and a member of parliament for Potong Pasir from 1979 to 1984 .
G. G. Njuguna Ngengi ( died January 2 , 2008 ) was a Kenyan politician native to Molo , Kenya .
Leonor Michaelis was born in Berlin , Germany on January 16 , 1875 and graduated from the humanistic Koellnisches Gymnasium in 1893 after passing the Abiturienten Examen .
Pierre - Louis Panet ( August 1 , 1761 -- December 2 , 1812 ) was a Canadian lawyer , notary , seigneur , judge and political figure in Lower Canada .
Karin Mensah ( born 1965 ) is a classically trained singer from Cape Verde , whose preferred genre is jazz and traditional music from West Africa .
By age eight he was famous throughout Spain as a virtuoso of flamenco guitar , and in 1992 , at age ten , he released his first album , Rayito en Concierto .
Purushottam K. Chauhan ( 1905 - -1958 ) was a freedom fighter , coal mines owner , social activist and politician from Dhanbad , India .
Gordana Tomić ( Serbian : Гордана Томић , born 1990 ) is a Bosnian - Serb model from Lopare , Republic of Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
General Philemon Kisempia Sungilanga Lombe was the 17th chief of staff of the Military of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( FARDC ) .
Kelly McLoughlin is a former association footballer who represented New Zealand at international level .
With outstanding performances on major European and world festivals and venues like Roskilde ( Denmark ) , Lowlands ( Netherlands ) , Festineuch ( Switzerland ) , Coleur Café ( Belgium ) , Cabaret Sauvage ( France ) and Super Bock Fest ( Portugal ) , Ziggi Recado proves once again that he is amongst the top reggae acts .
Au Yeung Yiu Chung ( Chinese : 歐陽耀冲 ; Jyutping : au1 joeng4 jiu6 cung1 , born 11 July 1989 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong football player who currently plays for Guizhou Zhicheng in China League One .
John Pepper , also known as József Pogány and Joseph Pogany ( born József Schwartz ; November 8 , 1886 -- February 8 , 1938 ) , was a Hungarian - Jewish Communist politician , active in the radical movements of both Hungary and the United States .
Jan Henryk de Rosen was born in the Russian occupied ( Partitions of Poland ) Warsaw , Poland to Jan Rosen and Wanda née Hantke , both scions of Polish esteemed Jewish families that had converted to Calvinism in the 19th century , however Jan Henryk converted to Catholicism later on in life .
Liew Seng Tat ( born 30 September 1979 ) is a Malaysian filmmaker based in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
William Anthony Worthington ( born 11 October 1941 ) , known as Tony Worthington , is a retired politician in the United Kingdom .
Castor Osendé Afana ( 1930 -- 15 March 1966 ) was a Marxist economist and militant nationalist who died in 1966 while fighting as a guerrilla against the government of Cameroon .
Police Commissioner ( retired ) Audu Bako ( born 1924 ) was the first Administrator of Kano State , Nigeria during the military regime of General Yakubu Gowon after the state was formed from part of Northern Region .
Ruby Myers ( 1907 -- 10 October 1983 ) , better known by her stage name Sulochana , was an Indian silent film star of Jewish ancestry , hailing from the community of Baghdadi Jews in India ( see History of the Jews in India ) .
Ian Webster ( born 16 November 1986 , Whiston , Merseyside , England ) is a Wales international rugby league player for the Central Comets in Australia 's Queensland Cup competition .
Kleiderman was a short - lived alternative rock band from São Paulo , Brazil .
In fact , A Canção de Lisboa was the first sound feature fully produced in Portugal , in the labs of Lisboa Filme and with Tobis equipment .
Chef School is a reality television series which airs on Food Network Canada .
Cuba Cola is a cola - flavoured soft drink produced in Sweden , bottled by Saturnus AB .
Van Blarenberghe was the name of a dynasty of painters , originally from French Flanders ( Lille ) but some of the most famous descendants also lived in Paris , France .
Il turco in Italia ( The Turk in Italy ) is an opera in two acts by Gioachino Rossini .
Released in the Philippines on 30 March 2013 , It Takes a Man and a Woman was a major commercial success .
Aamulehti ( Finnish for `` morning newspaper '' ) is a Finnish language daily newspaper published in Tampere , Finland .
Danz Showdown is a reality - dance search in the Philippines produced by FOCUS Entertainment Inc. and GMA Network replacing Daisy Siete .
Scottish Backhold is a style of folk wrestling originating in Scotland .
Under the Moon was an offbeat , late - night 1990s sports show on the United Kingdom 's Channel 4 .
For Horowitz was released in South Korea on May 25 , 2006 .
Johann Heinrich Keller ( 1692 -- 1765 ) , was an 18th - century painter from Switzerland active in the Northern Netherlands .
Many consider Szomszédok to be the definitive Hungarian television series , being a period piece of sorts that covers the last few years of the communist era , the rendszerváltozás ( democratic transition ) , and nearly a decade of the new market economy Hungary thereafter .
Tapalapa bread is a traditional bread , mainly in Senegal , The Gambia and Guinea .
Plakali is a staple food mainly prepared by the Ahanta and Nzema peoples of the Western region of Ghana .
Sveriges Television 's Christmas calendar ( Swedish : Sveriges Televisions julkalender ) or Sveriges Television 's Advent calendar ( Swedish : Sveriges Televisions adventskalender ) is a Christmas calendar TV series for children , broadcast by Sveriges Television ( Sweden 's Television ) since 1960 and has developed into a living part of contemporary Swedish Christmas tradition .
Jack Brown Genius is a New Zealand romantic comedy fantasy film directed by Tony Hiles , produced by Peter Jackson and written by both with Jackson 's wife Fran Walsh .
Legally Brown is a comical show , where the host Nazeem Hussain presents a comedic take on the experience of being Muslim in Australia .
Ang Pinakamagandang Hayop sa Balat ng Lupa ( although `` The Most Beautiful Animal in the World '' is the official translation , the literal meaning of the title is `` The Most Beautiful Animal on the Surface of the Earth '' ) is a 1974 Tagalog - language film from the Philippines .
Bade Achhe Lagte Hain ( pronounced ( bəɽˈeː ətʃˈtʃʰeː ləɡət̪ˈeː ɦɛː ̃ ) ) is a Hindi - language Indian television soap opera that was broadcast by Sony Entertainment Television India from 30 May 2011 to 10 July 2014 , when it ended its run after telecasting 644 episodes .
100 Day Bach is a New Zealand Home Renovation Reality TV Show .
La Femme Nikita ( French pronunciation : ​(la fam nikita ) , `` The Woman Nikita '' ; called Nikita in Canada ) is a Canadian action / drama television series based on the French film Nikita by Luc Besson .
Ek Anek Aur Ekta or `` One , Many , and Unity '' ( also known as Ek Chidiya , Anek Chidiyan after the title song ) is a traditionally animated short educational film released by the Films Division of India ( Government of India ) .
An original Canadian production , Namaste Yoga premiered April 1 , 2005 on ACCESS and Canadian Learning Television in Canada and debuted April 23 , 2005 on HDnet and June 28 , 2006 on FitTV in the United States .
Chiroti is a delicacy predominantly found in South India .
Beloved Beauty ( Russian : Краса́ ненагля́дная , Krasa nenaglyadnaya ) is a 1958 feature - length stop motion - animated film from the Soviet Union .
The Harikrishnans ( Mammootty and Mohanlal ) are one of the most famous lawyer duos in India .
The Mick Molloy Show was a television program that appeared on the Nine Network in Australia for just eight weeks during 1999 .
Lahoh ( Arabic : لحوح‎ , Hebrew : לחוח‎ , Somali : Laxoox ) , is a spongy , pancake - like bread originating in Djibouti , Somalia , and Yemen .
When Sweden 's ice hockey team won the 1957 World Ice Hockey Championships in Moscow , not all of the Swedish players knew the lyrics to Du gamla , du fria , the de facto Swedish national anthem , so the players sang Helan Går instead .
The MP-446 Viking is a 9 mm semi - automatic handgun originating from Russia .
Hugo the Hippo ( Hungarian : Hugó , a víziló ) is a 1975 animated film produced by the Pannónia Filmstúdió of Hungary and co - produced in the United States by Brut Productions , a division of French perfume company Faberge .
Sky News at Seven is a weekend news programme on Sky News and Sky News HD in the United Kingdom .
The studio releases films under the Cazzo Film label in Germany and elsewhere in Europe .
Sex and Zen II ( Chinese : 玉蒲團II玉女心經 , `` The Carnal Prayer Mat II - Jade Maiden Heart Sutra '' ) is a 1996 Hong Kong erotic comedy film directed by Chin Man Kei .
Cervecería Potosina is one of the breweries in Bolivia .
Southall had lost his family farm shortly before the publication of Hills End , but its success established him as a writer both in Australia and internationally .
Survival in the Sky ( United States title , known as Black Box in the United Kingdom ) is a British series of six one - hour episodes produced by Darlow Smithson Productions for The Learning Channel and Channel 4 .
Little Black Numbers is the second studio album by Kathryn Williams released by Caw Records in 2000 in the United Kingdom .
Fuyajo ( also known as Sleepless Town , kanji 不夜城 ) is a Hong Kong and Japan joint film production released in 1998 .
The Story of Woo Viet is a 1981 Hong Kong political drama directed by Ann Hui and starring Chow Yun - fat as the title character , Woo Viet .
Dragon Squad ( Chinese : 猛龍 ) is a 2005 Hong Kong action film co - written and directed by Daniel Lee , co - produced by Steven Seagal and starring Vanness Wu , Sammo Hung , Michael Biehn , Maggie Q , and Simon Yam .
Chomchom , cham cham , or chum chum ( Bengali : চমচম ) is a traditional Bengali sweet that is popular in Bangladesh .
La Entrevista ( English : The Interview ) is a Spanish - language television news program aired by Radio Caracas Televisión ( RCTV ) in Venezuela .
Golden Chicken ( 金雞 gam1 gai1 ) is a 2002 Hong Kong comedy - drama film directed by Samson Chiu starring Sandra Ng and involving cameo appearances from Andy Lau and Eric Tsang .
Maratheftiko is an ancient grape variety indigenous to Cyprus .
Death in Brunswick grossed $ 2,725,169 at the box office in Australia , which is equivalent to $ 4,305,767 in 2009 dollars .
Caillou books have been made since 1989 by Chouette Publishing Inc. The series was originally broadcast in French in Canada , and the episodes were later translated into English , and re - runs in English began on PBS and PBS Kids Sprout in the United States .
The show is very popular with television viewers in Iran and a notable point of Rahe Bipayan is the performance of Farhad Aslani as Akbar Abolhassani .
Islama köfte is a traditional dish originated in Adapazarı , the capital of Sakarya Province in Turkey .
Julie and the Phantoms ( Portuguese : Julie e os Fantasmas ) is a Brazilian television show for adolescents produced by Rede Bandeirantes in partnership with Mixer Producing , and with the co - production of the Nickelodeon Brazil .
The Cedar Tree was a television serial that ran from 1976 - 1979 on ITV in the United Kingdom .
Long Vacation ( ロングバケーション , also known as ロンバケ ) is a Japanese television drama series from Fuji Television , first shown in Japan from 15 April to 24 June 1996 .
Shikashika is a shaved ice drink made from glacier ice in Peru and Bolivia .
Lunazul tequila is grown , distilled , and bottled on a single estate in Tequila , Jalisco , Mexico .
Vi gör så gott vi kan is a song written by Lasse Holm and Gert Lengstrand as a fight song for the Sweden national football team for the 1978 FIFA World Cup in Argentina .
Deprisa , Deprisa is a raw and sobering portrait of a generation at an existential crossroads , struggling to find mooring and direction in an uncertain climate of transformative , social revolution , as Spain emerged from the repression of fascism towards the liberalization of democracy .
SEMT Pielstick is a French diesel engine manufacturer based in Villepinte , France and owned by MAN Diesel , a subsidiary of MAN AG . SEMT Pielstick was formed in 1988 when the business was acquired from GEC Alsthom by MAN and MTU , originally as a 50/50 partnership .
Guinness Hall of Famer and Canada 's # 1 record breaker Suresh Joachim of Canada produced the `` Sivappu Mazhai '' movie in 11 days 23 hours and 45 minutes in Chennai India .
Diego and Glot is the first hand - draw animation TV series made in Chile since the Condorito shorts in the 1980s ( excluding Villa Dulce , which was released before Diego and Glot , but it was made with CGI ) .
In 1993 and in 1994 , Jugate Conmigo vol . 2 and Jugate Conmigo vol . 3 were the best - selling albums of the year in Argentina .
The Apprentice / L'Apprenti is a 1991 animated short by Richard Condie , produced in Winnipeg by Ches Yetman for the National Film Board of Canada .
ARD - alpha is available in Bavaria ( and in neighbouring states ) , via digital terrestrial ( DVB - T ) and throughout Germany via cable , and throughout Europe by satellite on Astra 1 M ( digital , DVB - S ) .
Dogara , the Space Monster , released in Japan as Uchū Daikaijū Dogora ( 宇宙大怪獣ドゴラ , lit . `` Giant Space Monster Dogora '' ) , is a 1964 Japanese tokusatsu science fiction film produced and released by Toho Studios .
Gen - Y Cops is a 2000 Hong Kong science fiction action film directed by Benny Chan and starring Edison Chen , Stephen Fung and Sam Lee .
Michael Stangel ( born 14 August 1967 ) is an Australian record producer , singer , songwriter , and a finalist in the second series of The Voice Australia in 2013 .
Best Bet is a 2007 Hong Kong comedy television series produced by TVB and starring Michael Tse , Linda Chung , Wayne Lai and Anne Heung .
Razzia in St. Pauli is an early German sound film ( 1932 ) of the end of the Weimar Republic era .
Theodora , Slave Empress was the first of director Riccardo Freda 's film to obtain a wide distribution outside Italy .
Edward Galas ( 2 January 1928 -- 2003 ) was a Polish biochemist , Rector of the Lodz University of Technology in 1975 - -81 .
Jeff Allen ( born Jeffrey Allen , 23 April 1946 , Matlock , Derbyshire ) is an English rock and blues session drummer .
Matthew Aucoin ( born 1990 ) is an American composer , conductor , pianist , and writer best known for his operas .
Torolf Eklund ( 13 April 1912 -- 12 December 2000 ) was a Finnish aircraft designer , who worked at the Valtion lentokonetehdas between 1935 and 1962 .
Kadir Akbulut ( born 8 May 1960 ) is a former Turkish footballer and current coach and occasional newspaper columnist .
Hossein Navab ( 1897 - -1972 ) was an Iranian diplomat , who served as foreign minister briefly in 1952 .
Hazel Ascot ( born 1928 ) was a tap - dancing British child - star in the 1930s who was billed as the `` British Shirley Temple '' .
Saimi Hoyer ( née Nousiainen , born 18 June 1974 , Helsinki ) is a Finnish model and television personality .
Philip Voss ( born 1936 ) is a British stage , radio , film and television actor .
Kimal Akishev ( also spelled Kemal ) ( 1924 - -2003 ) is a scientist , archeologist , and historian .
Michaël N'dri ( born 1 November 1984 ) is a French footballer , who is currently playing for UAE Pro - League side Al - Shaab .
Hannah Hauxwell ( born 1 August 1926 ) is a retired English farmer who has been the subject of several television documentaries on Yorkshire Television .
Charles Wale ( 16 August 1765 -- 20 March 1845 ) was an English General and the last British governor of Martinique between about 1812 and 1815 .
Anne McGrath ( born c. 1958 ) is deputy chief of staff to Rachel Notley , Premier of Alberta .
Colonel Thomas Antisell MD PhD ( 16 January 1817 -- 14 June 1893 ) was a physician , scientist , and Young Irelander .
Heidi Lück née Pfeifer ( born 6 April 1943 ) is a German social - democratic ( Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands SPD ) politician and member of the Bavarian state parliament ( Bayerischer Landtag ) in the Sonthofen - Lindau electoral constituency .
Luigi Melchiorre ( Valenza , Piedmont , 1859- After 1908 ) was an Italian sculptor .
María Macarena Gelman García ( born 1 November 1976 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan activist and politician .
Ingar Roggen ( Dich Ingar Emil Roggen , born 26 April 1934 in Valencia , Spain ) is considered one of the European social informatics pioneers .
Mohammed Moussaoui ( born 1 April 1964 in Figuig , Morocco ) is the president of the French Council of Muslim Faith .
Nigel Twiston - Davies ( born 16 May 1957 ) is a British racehorse trainer specialising in National Hunt racing .
Dmitry Nakonechny ( born 1991 ) is a Russian orienteering competitor and junior world champion .
John Butler , 17th Earl of Ormonde and 10th Earl of Ossory ( 10 December 1740 -- 25 December 1795 ) was an Irish peer and Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Romana Tabak or Romana Tabaková ( born 7 May 1991 ) is a Slovak professional tennis player .
Marieke Anouk Dekker ( Dutch pronunciation : ( maːˈrikə aːˈnuk ˈdɛkər ) ; born 15 November 1986 ) is a Dutch footballer .
Samuel Bridger ( born 11 May 1777 at Dorking , Surrey ; details of death unknown ) was an English professional cricketer .
Jónína Leósdóttir ( born 16 May 1954 ) is an Icelandic novelist , playwright and former journalist .
Franz Patay ( born 1961 in Vienna ) is an Austrian arts administrator , the Rector of the Konservatorium Wien University .
Charlotte White ( b. July 13 , 1782 , d. ? ) was the first unmarried American woman missionary sent to a foreign country .
Bent Lorentzen ( born 11 February 1935 ) , is a Danish composer .
Örn Árnason ( born 19 June 1959 ) is an Icelandic actor , comedian and screenwriter , best known as a member of the comedy group Spaugstofan .
Dinnyuy Kongnyuy ( born 24 January 1988 in Kadji , Jakiri Kumbo province ) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who plays for Komenda .
Aziz Sancar ( born 8 September 1946 ) is a Turkish - American biochemist and molecular biologist specializing in DNA repair , cell cycle checkpoints , and circadian clock .
Air Marshal Sir Henry Paterson Fraser KBE , CB , AFC ( 15 July 1907 -- 4 August 2001 ) was a senior commander in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War and in the post - war years .
Souhad Ghazouani ( 7 August 1982 ) is a French powerlifter born with paraplegia .
Eustace John ( born 1939 ) , Nevisian - born Deputy Governor - General of Nevis , was sworn into office in 1992 .
Countess Zofia Tarnowska ( 1534 - -1570 ) was a Polish--
Robbie O'Davis ( born 3 September 1972 in Kurrajong , New South Wales ) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Chris Lowney ( born 1958 ) is a writer , public speaker , and leadership consultant .
Kevin Thaw ( born 1967 in Uppermill , Saddleworth , West Riding of Yorkshire ) is a British rock climber and mountaineer .
John Getty ( born 23 April 1918 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dumbarton and Nottingham Forest .
Geoffrey R. Ball ( born 1964 ) is an American Physiologist ( speciality : Biomechanics ) and inventor .
Beatriz Zamora ( born 1935 ) is a Mexican artist who is best known for her monochrome works in black .
Lorenzo Serra Ferrer ( Spanish pronunciation : ( loˈɾenθo ˈsera ˈferer ) , Catalan : Llorenç Serra Ferrer ; born 5 March 1953 ) is a Spanish football coach .
Jeon Hee - sook ( Hangul : 전희숙 ; born 16 June 1984 ) is a South Korean foil fencer .
Josephine Mitchell ( born 21 May 1965 ) sometimes billed credited as Jo Mitchell is an Australian actress , with a lengthy career in television soap operas .
Maharaja Kharak Singh ( Punjabi : ਖੜਕ ਸਿੰਘ , 22 February 1801 -- 5 November 1840 ) , was a Sikh ruler of the Punjab and the Sikh Empire .
Savvas Moudouroglou ( Greek : Σάββας Μουδούρογλου ; born 15 December 1991 ) is a striker currently playing in the Greek Football League for Doxa Drama .
Ahmed Sayed ( 10 January 1996 ) - also known as Zizo - is an Egyptian professional football player who currently plays for Lierse .
Princess Anastasia of Georgia ( Georgian : ანასტასია ; 3 November 1763 -- 17 May 1838 ) was a Georgian princess royal ( batonishvili ) , a daughter of King Heraclius II of Georgia of his third marriage to Darejan Dadiani .
Black Beaver or Suck - tum - mah - kway ( 1806 - -1880 , Delaware ) was a Native American trapper for the American Fur Company , a scout and guide , and interpreter who was fluent in English , and several European and Native American languages .
Frank Donlevy ( born 16 December 1932 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Partick Thistle , St Johnstone and Berwick Rangers .
Kang Kon ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 강건 ; June 23 , 1918 - 8 , 1950 ) was a Korean military leader active in Manchuria and the Korean peninsula during the years leading up to the Korean War and during the first stages of the Korean War in 1950 .
Kamilla Farhad ( Azerbaijani : Kamilla Fərhad ; born 18 January 1996 ) is an Azerbaijani tennis player .
Leila Badre ( born 20 February 1943 ) is a Syrian and Lebanese archaeologist and director of the Archaeological Museum of the American University of Beirut .
Johanna Kedzierski ( born 10 June 1984 in Wejherowo , Poland ) is a German sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres .
Charles Walter Radclyffe ( 1817 - -1903 ) was a water - colourist , printmaker and lithographer .
Felicia Barton ( born 6 March 1982 ) is an American singer and songwriter , best known for her appearance on the eighth season of American Idol in 2009 .
Haim Aviv ( Hebrew : חיים אביב‎ ) , PhD ( born as Haim Greenspan in Romania , 1940 ) is an Israeli scientist who specializes in the field of molecular biology .
Mauritz Amundsen ( 4 June 1904 -- 8 March 1982 ) was a Norwegian Olympic sport shooter , and World Champion from 1931 .
Sándor Egeresi ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈʃaːndor ˈɛɡɛrɛʃi ) ; Serbian : Шандор Егереши / Šandor Egereši ; born 25 June 1964 in Bačka Topola , SAP Vojvodina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Vojvodinian politician of Hungarian descent .
Dagmar Lassander ( by name of Dagmar Regine Hager ; born 16 June 1943 ) is a German actress .
Alice Gorman ( born 1964 ) is an Australian heritage consultant and lecturer who is best known for pioneering the field of space archaeology and Dr Space Junk blog .
H. Beatty Chadwick ( b. 1936 ) is the American record holder for the longest time being held in civil contempt of court .
Hugo Haas ( 18 February 1901 -- 1 December 1968 ) was a Czech film actor , director and writer .
Mary Ellen Turpel - Lafond ( born 1963 in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Muskeg Lake Cree Nation ) is a Canadian lawyer , judge , and legislative advocate for children 's rights .
Kosmo Vinyl ( born Mark C. Dunk , born 9 February 1957 , England ) was a longtime associate and sometime manager for The Clash , as well as being associated with Ian Dury & the Blockheads and The Jam , three seminal English bands of the 1970s and 1980s .
Ahmad Abu Nahyeh ( Arabic : أحمد أبو ناهية‎ , Hebrew : אחמד אבו נהיה‎ ; born 7 July 1991 ) is a Palestinian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Shabab Al - Khalil SC .
Hugh Wales ( born 6 May 1910 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a right half .
Judge Noach Dear ( born 1953 ) is a New York State Civil Court Judge ( and a former member of the Taxi and Limousine Commission for New York City ) .
Vahram Babayan ( born 1948 ) is a contemporary Armenian composer , pianist , and music theorist .
Gil Aldema ( Hebrew : גיל אלדמע ) ( 17 born 17 September 1928 - 27 September 2014 ) was an Israeli composer and conductor .
João Oliveira dos Santos ( born 15 January 1933 ) better known as Mestre João Grande , is a Grão - Mestre ( Great Master ) of the Afro - Brazilian martial art of capoeira angola who has contributed to the spread of this art throughout the world .
Warren Adelson ( born 1942 ) is an American art dealer , art historian , and author specializing in 19th and 20th - century American Painting as well as contemporary art .
Annie Lee Cooper ( June 2 , 1910 -- November 24 , 2010 ) was an African - American civil rights activist in the 1965 Selma Voting Rights Movement who is best known for punching Selma Sheriff Jim Clark .
Louis Michael Seidman ( born 1947 ) is the Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Constitutional Law at Georgetown University Law Center in Washington , D.C. , a widely read constitutional law scholar and major proponent of the critical legal studies movement .
Carl August Hagberg ( 7 July 1810 -- 9 January 1864 ) , was a Swedish linguist and translator .
Colin McMillan ( born 12 February 1966 ) is an English retired professional boxer .
Marijana Matthäus ( Serbian : Маријана Матеус , Marijana Mateus ; Čolić ( Serbian : Чолић ) ; 27 September 1971 ) is a Serbian socialite , fashion designer , entrepreneur , writer and former fashion model .
Elizabeth Bath ( née Paddy ) was born on 17 February 1776 .
Jason Naidovski ( born 19 July 1989 ) is an Australian footballer who plays for St George .
Benito Garozzo ( born 5 September 1927 ) is an Italian American bridge player .
Dafydd Iwan ( born 24 August 1943 ) , is a Welsh folk singer and politician .
Jiang Huihua ( born 22 January 1998 ) is a Chinese weightlifter who won a gold medal at the 2015 Houston world championship .
Aravindan Neelakandan ( Tamil : அரவிந்தன் நீலகண்டன் , born 16 June 1971 ) is an Indian writer .
Eva - Maria Schimak ( born 11 August 1986 ) is an Austrian competitive sailor .
Sufiah Yusof ( born 1984 ) is a British mathematics prodigy of Malaysian and Pakistani origin from Northampton , who entered the University of Oxford at the age of 13 .
Nai Hui - fang ( Chinese : 乃慧芳 ; born 26 February 1969 ) is a Taiwanese former long and triple jump athletic .
Benjamin Sehene ( born 1959 ) is a Rwandan author whose work primarily focuses on questions of identity and the events surrounding the Rwandan genocide .
Khalida Toumi ( in Arabic خليدة تومي ) ( born 13 March 1958 ) , aka Khalida Messaoudi ( in Arabic خليدة مسعودي ) , is an Algerian politician .
Berhanu Nega ( born 1958 ) was nominated to be the mayor of Addis Ababa , Ethiopia in the Ethiopian general elections , 2005 .
Ainsley Waugh ( born 17 September 1981 ) is a Jamaican track and field sprinter who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres .
Lauritz Bergendahl ( 30 January 1887 -- 15 April 1964 ) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who won both the nordic combined and the 50 km cross country skiing events at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1910 , 1912 , 1913 , 1914 , and 1915 .
Aaron Webster ( June 1959 - November 17 , 2001 ) was a gay man living in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , who was beaten by a group of men close to a gay cruising area in a woody part of Stanley Park near Second Beach on November 17 , 2001 .
Virgil Popescu , also known as Stanislav Popesku , ( born 1916 ) was a Romanian footballer and later coach .
Ben Offereins ( born 12 March 1986 ) is an Australian track & field athlete .
Carola Josefine Sundström Lindberg , ( born 6 September 1976 ) in Upplands Väsby is a Swedish television host , author and singer .
Sarah Hadland ( born 20 February 1971 ) is an English actress who is most notable for her role as Stevie in the BBC television series Miranda and her work with David Mitchell and Robert Webb .
Svend Bayer ( born 2 January 1946 in Uganda to Danish parents ) is a studio potter described by Michael Cardew as `` easily my best pupil . ''
Markus Weise ( born 19 December 1962 ) is a German field hockey coach .
Philippe Joubert ( born 5 June 1954 , in Saint - Etienne , France ) , is a French Brazilian business executive focused on building sustainability into the heart of business strategies to enable long - term growth .
Rolf Pfeifer ( born 1947 ) was professor of computer science at the Department of Informatics University of Zurich , and director of the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory , where he retired from in 2014 .
Mauro Vigorito ( born 22 May 1990 ) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Vicenza .
Berit Nesheim ( born 28 January 1945 ) is Norwegian film director .
William K. Brehm ( born 1929 ) is a United States businessman who served as Assistant Secretary of the Army ( Manpower and Reserve Affairs ) from 1968 to 1970 , Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manpower and Reserve Affairs from 1973 to 1976 and Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs from 1976 to 1977 .
Stijn Vandenbergh ( born 25 April 1984 ) is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist for UCI ProTour team Etixx--
Bengt Saltin ( 3 June 1935 -- 12 September 2014 ) was a Swedish professor of sports science and exercise physiology , who spent parts of his career in Denmark .
Leo Hilokoski ( born 1941 Helsinki ) is a Finnish bowler .
Daniel Kox ( born 4 February 1952 , Brussels ) is a Belgian cartoonist and comics artist , best known for his comics series Agent 212 .
Luke O'Farrell ( born 25 February 1990 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a right corner - forward for the Cork senior team .
Juraj Herz ( born 4 September 1934 ) is a Czech film director , actor , and scenic designer , born in Slovakia .
John Douglas Thompson ( born 1964 ) is an Obie Award - winning Canadian - American actor who has been described as `` one of the most compelling classical stage actors of his generation . ''
Darren Varley ( 1973 - -1999 ) was a man from Alberta , Canada who died after a scuffle with police in a jail cell in Alberta after he was arrested for drunkenness .
Stanley Falkow , PhD , ( born 1934 in Albany , New York ) is microbiologist and a professor of microbiology and immunology at Stanford University School of Medicine .
Christian Palin ( born 1 . February 1978 ) is the former lead singer of the neo - classical metal band Adagio .
Tural Jalilov ( Azerbaijani : Tural Cəlilov , born 28 November 1986 ) is an Azerbaijani professional footballer , who plays for Khazar Lankaran .
David Mark Richardson ( born 16 June 1958 ) is a South African ecologist , particularly known for his work on invasive species , especially invasive trees and shrubs .
Maurice FitzGerald , 9th Duke of Leinster ( born 7 April 1948 ) , styled Earl of Offaly before 1976 and Marquess of Kildare between 1976 and 2004 , is an Irish nobleman and landscape designer .
Amy Plum ( born 1967 ) is an American and French young - adult fiction writer , best known for her Die for Me series .
Marshall James ( born 4 October 1970 ) is a former professional darts player from Wales , whose only high - profile success in the game so far was being runner - up in the 1997 BDO World Championship , in his debut year at the championships .
Martina Grimaldi ( born 28 September 1988 ) is an Italian distance swimmer .
Professor Alastair Buchan ( born 16 October 1955 ) is a neurologist and researcher in stroke medicine .
Argelia Velez - Rodriguez ( born 1936 ) is a Cuban - American mathematician and educator .
Philippe Liégeois is a Belgian comic book artist , born on 8 July 1947 .
Mehdi El Ghazouani ( Arabic : المهدي الغزواني‎ , born 1 January 1976 ) is a retired Moroccan long jumper .
Kevin Donovan ( born 17 December 1971 ) is an English former professional footballer and youth team coach of Brighouse Town .
Beth Lygoe ( born 17 September 1981 ) is a British born Saint Lucian sailor .
Xaviera Hollander ( born 15 June 1943 ) is a former call girl , madam , and memoirist .
Rob du Bois ( 28 May 1934 -- 28 August 2013 ) was a Dutch composer , pianist , and jurist .
Adolphe Deitte ( 1879 - -1949 ) was a French colonial administrator ; from 1928 until 1929 he was lieutenant governor of Chad .
Gertrud Elisabeth Forsselius ( Forsell ) , later Elisabet Haeffner and Elisabet Fahlgren , ( 23 January 1771 -- 15 February 1850 ) , was a Swedish opera singer and actor , married to the German - born Swedish composer Johann Christian Friedrich Haeffner , and the actor and singer Johan Jacob Fahlgren .
Tor Håkon Holte ( born 1 August 1958 ) is a Norwegian cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1987 .
Claude Lajeunesse ( born 1941 ) is a Canadian who is the president and chief executive officer of the Aerospace Industries Association of Canada , appointed to that post on Nov. 30 , 2007 .
Fred Barakat ( from Union City , New Jersey , April 8 , 1939-June 21 , 2010 ) was an American college basketball coach and Assistant Commissioner of the Atlantic Coast Conference .
John Laughland ( born 6 September 1963 ) is a British eurosceptic conservative journalist , academic and author who writes on international affairs and political philosophy .
Günther Matzinger ( born 16 May 1987 ) is an Austrian track and field athlete who competes in disability athletics in the T46 category .
John Rentoul ( born 1958 ) is a British journalist who has been the chief political commentator for The Independent on Sunday since February 2004 , and is seen as a `` Labour - leaning journalist '' .
Hirsch Lehren , also known as Tsebi Hirsch Lehren ( April 1784 , The Hague - September 1853 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Jewish merchant and community worker .
Jevgeņijs Miļevskis ( born 15 August 1961 ) is a former Latvian football striker of Jewish origin , together with Aleksandrs Starkovs he was the main goal scoring force of FK Daugava Rīga .
Elizabeth of York , Duchess of Suffolk ( 22 April 1444 -- c. 1503 ) was the sixth child and third daughter of Richard Plantagenet , 3rd Duke of York and Cecily Neville .
Tetsuzan Kuroda ( born 1950 in Japan ) is a martial artist .
Ferid Heider ( born 1979 in Berlin ) is a German Imam in Berlin .
Aaron Payne ( born 18 November 1982 ) is an Australian rugby league player .
Noel Jammal Fernández better known as Noel Jammal ( in Arabic نويل جمّال ) ( born 3 March 1990 in Madrid ) is a Lebanese - Spanish Formula 3 driver who is in Cedars Motorsport group founded by his father Youssef Jammal and he regularly represents in international competition .
Besarion Udessiani , known as Besso Udessiani ( born Tbilisi , 14 March 1978 ) is a Georgian rugby union player .
James G. Evans ( born in New York City , September 1809 ) was an American artist most famous for painting the `` Celebration Of Washington 's Birthday at Malta On Board The USS Constitution , Commodore Jesse D. Elliott , 1837 '' now in the collection of the U.S. Naval Academy Museum .
Justus Köhncke ( born 1966 in Gießen ) is a German techno producer and pop musician from Cologne .
Daniel Wakefield Smith ( born 1973 ) is an American photojournalist , writer , researcher , composer , theatre director and actor from New Haven , Connecticut .
Rajacenna van Dam , who works under the name Rajacenna , ( born 24 January 1993 , Vlaardingen , Zuid Holland , Netherlands ) is a Dutch hyperrealistic pencil drawing artist .
Dewey Sullivan ( May 6 , 1935 -- November 8 , 2006 ) was an American high school football coach who coached more than 40 years at Dayton High School in Dayton , Oregon .
Mary Jemison ( Deh - he - wä - mis ) ( 1743 -- September 19 , 1833 ) was an American frontierswoman who was adopted in her teens by the Seneca .
Deng Jiajia ( simplified Chinese : 邓家佳 ; traditional Chinese : 鄧家佳 ; pinyin : Dèng Jiājiā ; born 17 May 1983 ) is a Chinese actress .
Sir Charles Price , 1st Baronet ( 25 January 1747 -- 19 July 1818 ) was a merchant in the City of London , Lord Mayor of London and politician .
Ayodele Aladefa ( born 29 December 1970 ) is a Nigerian former long jumper .
Pope Urban IV ( Latin : Urbanus IV ; c. 1195 -- 2 October 1264 ) , born Jacques Pantaléon , was Pope from 29 August 1261 to his death in 1264 .
Jay Schellen ( born 20 May 1960 , Albuquerque , New Mexico ) is a U.S. drummer who is best known as a member of the hard - rock band Hurricane .
Wang Yanchun ( Chinese : 王延春)(1910 -- March 19 , 1984 ) , original Wang Wusheng ( Chinese : 王武生 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Muu Blanco ( born 16 August 1966 , Caracas ) , also known as DJ Muu or Dr. Muusica , is a multidisciplinary Venezuelan artist .
John Mrakov ( born 17 November 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Richmond in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Vytautas Miškinis ( born 5 June 1954 in Vilnius , Lithuanian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Lithuanian music composer and professor , who has been Choir Director of the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre conservatory since 1985 .
Mindaugas Sinkevičius ( born 20 June 1984 in Jonava ) is a Lithuanian politician , Mayor of Jonava .
Petar Čestić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пeтap Чecтић , born 1 February 1974 ) is a Serbian former footballer .
Dr Ra'anan Cohen ( Hebrew : רענן כהן‎ , born 28 February 1941 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a government minister during the early 2000s .
Oliver Heywood ( 9 September 1825 -- 1892 ) was an English banker and philanthropist .
Cecilia Ferrazzi ( 1609 -- 17 January 1684 ) was a Counter - Reformation Catholic prototype social worker , whose life was extensively involved with establishment and maintenance of women 's houses of refuge in seventeenth century Italy .
Simon May ( born 15 August 1944 ) is a British musician and composer , best known for composing some of British television 's best known theme tunes , including EastEnders and Howards ' Way , and for composing the music for the 1988 film The Dawning .
Younes Ali Rahmati ( Persian : یونس‌علی رحمتی‎‎ ; born 3 January 1983 ) is an Iranian - Qatari footballer .
George Crichton , 1st Earl of Caithness ( ca . 1409 -- August 1454/1455 ) , was a Scottish peer .
Michael Ciaran Parker ( born 4 May 1952 ) , better known by his stage name Michael Barrymore , is an English comedian and television presenter of game shows and light entertainment programmes on British television in the 1980s , 1990s and 2000s .
Asawari Joshi ( born 6 May 1965 ) is a popular Indian actress .
Michael Glatthaar ( born 3 May 1953 ) is a German scholar of the Middle Ages , specializing in the documents of the Carolingians and the study of Saint Boniface .
Tatyana Polnova ( Russian : Татья́на Полнова ) , née Zaykova ( За́йкова , born 20 April 1979 ) is a Russian pole vaulter .
André Myhrer ( born 11 January 1983 ) is a Swedish World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic medalist .
Jenny Simpson ( born in 1973 in Nashville , Tennessee ) is an American country music singer .
Reda Caire ( real name : Joseph Gandhour ) ( 1908 - -1963 ) was a popular singer of operettes in Paris in the 1930s and 1950s .
Guy Bellamy ( born 1935 ) is an English author known for humorous novels .
Rasmus Bartholin ( /bɑːrˈtoʊlɪn , ˈbɑːrtəlɪn/ ; Latinized : Erasmus Bartholinus ; 13 August 1625 -- 4 November 1698 ) was a Danish scientist and physician .
Richard Wohl ( 1921 -- November 15 , 1957 ) was a sociologist known for coining the term `` parasocial interactions '' defined as a sense of friendship or relationship that viewers form with media personae .
Philip Vischjager ( born 27 October 1958 , Rotterdam ) is a Dutch backgammon player .
Liu Qiangdong ( Chinese : 刘强东 ; born 14 February 1974 ) , also known as Richard Liu , is a Chinese Internet entrepreneur .
Annie Miles ( born 5 May 1958 in Tynemouth , Northumberland , England ) is an actress who is best known for her roles in television soap opera .
Agnes de Valence ( born 1250 ) was a 13th - century noblewoman and daughter of William de Valence , 1st Earl of Pembroke .
Alexander Giannascoli ( born 1993 ) , better known by his stage name Alex G , is a multi - instrumentalist from Philadelphia who started his career as a bedroom singer / songwriter , building up an audience through a series of DIY releases on Bandcamp .
Leanne Franson ( born 1963 in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian illustrator and cartoonist .
Glenn Barkley ( born 1972 ) is an Australian independent curator and writer based in Sydney , Australia .
Oleksandr Zayets ( 23 March 1962 -- 2007 ) was a Soviet / Ukrainian striker .
Eldin Hadžić ( born 14 October 1991 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Elche CF as a left winger .
Edward Cullinan , CBE , RA , RIBA , HonFRIAS ( born 17 July 1931 ) , better known as Ted Cullinan , is a British architect .
Noy Vanneth ( in Khmer ណយ វ៉ាន់ណេត)(born 1964 in Kampuchea Krom - South of Vietnam ) is a Cambodian singer who has been performing for more than twenty years .
Hee Seo ( Hangul : 서희 ; hanja : 徐姬 ; born 13 March 1986 ) is a South Korean principal dancer for American Ballet Theatre ( ABT ) , one of the three leading classical ballet companies in the United States .
Ged Lynch ( born 19 July 1968 , Blackburn , England ) is an English percussionist and composer .
Miles Martindale ( 1756 - -1824 ) was an English Wesleyan minister .
Robert Morham ( 31 March 1839 -- 5 June 1912 ) was the City Architect for Edinburgh for the last decades of the nineteenth century and was responsible for much of the `` public face '' of the city at the time .
Gérald Bastard ( born 3 April 1950 in Paris ) is a highly cited French physicist known for his work on semiconductor heterostructures .
Maria Temryukovna ( Мари́я Темрюко́вна , c. 1544 -- 1 September 1569 ) was a Circassian Tsaritsa of the Tsardom of Russia and second wife to Ivan IV of Russia .
Peter Wegner ( born in 1932 ) is an American computer scientist who has made significant contributions to both the theory of object - oriented programming during the 1980s and to the relevance of Church - Turing thesis for empirical aspects of computer science during the 1990s and present .
Richard of Salerno ( c. 1060 -- 1114 ) , who is not to be confused with his homonym cousin Richard of Hauteville , was a participant in the First Crusade and regent of the County of Edessa from 1104 to 1108 .
Geneviève Prémoy , alias Chevalier Balthazard ( 1660 - 1706 ) , was a French officer .
Eli Lancman ( Hebrew : אלי לנצמן ; born 1936 ) is a Jewish - Israeli historian of Japanese and East Asian art . Developer and director of the Tikotin Museum of Japanese Art in Haifa from 1966 to 1992 , and one of the founders of the Israel - Japan Friendship Society .
Hermann Haupt ( 24 January 1873 , Langensalza , Unstrut - Hainich , Thuringia -- 2 June 1959 , Halle , Saxony - Anhalt ) was a German entomologist who worked mainly on Auchenorrhyncha and Hymenoptera .
David - John Newman ( born 1956 ) is an artist and photographer who now lives in Wales .
Richard Tomkins , born 4 September 1952 , was a senior writer and commentator on the staff of the Financial Times .
Elio Di Rupo ( French : ( eljo di ʁupo ) ; born 18 July 1951 ) is a Belgian social - democratic politician .
Liu Xiaokai ( Chinese : 刘晓凯 ; born March 1962 ) is an ethnic Miao politician from China .
Prince Nikolai of Denmark , Count of Monpezat ( Nikolai William Alexander Frederik ; born 28 August 1999 ) , is a member of the Danish Royal Family .
Tony Kirkham ( born 30 August 1957 ) is the head Arboretum at Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew , where he has worked since 1978 .
Charles Killick Millard ( 1870 - -1952 ) was a British doctor who in 1935 founded the Voluntary Euthanasia Legalisation Society ( now Dignity in Dying ) , a movement that campaigned for the legalisation of euthanasia in Great Britain .
Edwin Brooks ( born 1 December 1929 ) is a British - born , Australia - resident academic who has been a Member of Parliament ( MP ) in England and a local politician both in England and in Australia .
Luca Rigoni ( born 7 December 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Genoa in Serie A. He is the elder brother of Nicola Rigoni .
Prince Kofo Adegoke ( born 26 February 1979 ) is a member of the family of Royal Highness Oba Elijah Adegoke Oyun , the Olugboyi 111 , the Olukoro of Koro .
Amalia of Oldenburg ( Greek : Αμαλία ; 21 December 1818 -- 20 May 1875 ) was queen consort of Greece from 1836 to 1862 as the spouse of King Otto ( 1815 - -1867 ) .
Evan Shelby Alexander ( 1767 -- October 28 , 1809 ) was a United States Democratic - Republican Party Congressman from North Carolina between 1806 and 1809 .
Kevin Davis ( born 26 January 1986 in Bristol , England ) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a prop .
Jeremy Maggs ( born 1 February 1961 ) is a South African journalist , radio host and television presenter , best known for hosting the game show Who Wants To Be A Millionaire ? and for anchoring the Primetime news show on DStv 's eNews Channel .
John Kelt Edwards ( 4 March 1875 -- 11 October 1934 ) was a Welsh artist and cartoonist .
Alexander I. Poltorak ( born 1957 ) is a Russian - born American author , entrepreneur , physicist and scholar .
Fernand Oubradous ( 12 February 1903 - 6 January 1986 ) was a French bassoonist , conductor and composer .
Lorentz Reige ( born 23 February 1990 ) is a famous ballroom dancer in Sweden .
Katja Thater ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkatja ˈtaːtɐ ) ; born 14 July 1966 in Hamburg ) is a German professional poker player and horse breeder .
Tuda Murphy ( born 4 November 1980 ) is a Caymanian footballer who currently plays for Banbridge Town
Joelle Wallach ( 29 June 1946 New York ) is an American composer .
Hong Eun - ah ( Korean : 홍은아 ) , ( born 9 January 1980 ) is a South Korean football referee .
Vincenzo Salemme ( born 24 July 1957 ) is an Italian actor , playwright , director and screenwriter .
Jean - Michel Carboni ( born 23 July 1955 ) is a French businessman and Chief Executive Officer , member of the top 20 of Engie 's management committee ( 2014 ) .
Frank Strong ( born 1859 ) was the third president of the University of Oregon from 1899 to 1902 and sixth Chancellor of the University of Kansas from 1902 to 1920 .
Sir Robert Lush ( 1807 - -1881 ) was an English judge who served on many Commissions and Committees of Judges .
Manzila Pola Uddin , Baroness Uddin , PC ( Bengali : মানযিলা পলা উদ্দিন ; Romanized : Manzila Pôla Uddin ; born 17 July 1959 ) is a British life peer and community activist of Bangladeshi descent , being the first Muslim and second Asian woman to sit in the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Alec Wilkinson ( b. 1952 - ) is a writer who has been on the staff of The New Yorker since 1980 .
Gabriele Veneziano ( born 7 September 1942 ) , is an Italian theoretical physicist and one of the pioneers of string theory .
Suzanne Schiffman ( née Klochendler , 27 September 1929 -- 6 June 2001 ) was a screenwriter and director for numerous motion pictures .
Ned Zeman ( born 1966 ) is a writer for Vanity Fair magazine and also a screenwriter .
Salvatore Foti ( born 8 August 1988 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Swiss side Chiasso in the Swiss Challenge League .
Ali İsmet Öztürk ( born 23 May 1964 ) is a Turkish professional display pilot , an aerobatic aircraft designer and an aviation businessman .
Eilidh MacQueen ( born 20 May 1986 , Troon , Scotland ) is a Thailand - based Scottish actress .
Simon Carrington ( born 1942 in Wiltshire ) is a conductor , singer and double bass player .
Samuel Gordon Daily ( 1823 -- August 15 , 1866 ) was a Congressional Delegate from the Territory of Nebraska .
Trevor Midgley ( birth registered January→March 1957 ( age 58 - -59 ) ) birth registered in Wakefield district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity , as a fullback , or centre , i.e. number 1 , or , 3 or 4 .
Sava Bjelanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сава Бјелановић , 15 October 1850 - 1897 ) was a Dalmatian journalist and politician , the leader of the Serb People 's Party in Dalmatia and one of the most prominent Dalmatian Serbs of the 19th century .
Milan Mitrović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Митровић ; born 2 July 1988 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Mersin İdmanyurdu SK .
Ivan Nechuy - Levytsky ( 25 November 1838 -- 15 April 1918 ) was a well - known Ukrainian writer .
Longmont Potion Castle ( born 1972 ) is the pseudonym of an anonymous surrealist prank caller who has been active in the Colorado and Los Angeles areas since 1987 .
Mykola Koval ( Ukrainian : Микола Олексійович Коваль ) ( born 1 December 1952 ) is a Belorussian - born operatic baritone .
Sarah Schenirer ( also Soroh Shenirer ) ( July 15 , 1883 - March 1 , 1935 ( yartzeit 26 Adar I 5695 ) ) was a pioneer of Jewish education for girls .
Tom Butler - Bowdon ( born 1967 , Adelaide ) is a non - fiction author based in Oxford , England .
Ray Gordon ( born 1965 ) is a former NBL Melbourne Tigers player who was a member of the Tigers inaugural NBL championship team in 1993 .
Maxime de la Falaise ( 25 June 1922 -- 30 April 2009 ) was a 1950s model , and , in the 1960s , an underground movie actress .
Kerstin Behrendt ( born 2 September 1967 in Leisnig ) is a former German athlete , who mainly competed in the 100 m during her career .
Olive Kline ( sometimes given as Olive Kline Hulihan or the pseudonym Alice Green ) ( July 7 , 1887 -- July 29 , 1976 ) was an American soprano who is chiefly remembered for her recordings for Victor Records from 1912 to 1935 .
Diego Pacheco Téllez - Girón Gómez de Sandoval , also called Diego Fernández de Velasco y Pacheco or Diego Pacheco Telles Giron Fernandez de Velasco y Enrique ( 1754 -- Paris , 1811 ) , was a Spanish noble and politician , who supported the French during the Peninsular War , and who was therefore known as an Afrancesado .
Ty Gooden ( born 23 October 1972 ) is an English former professional footballer .
Alessandra Panaro ( born 14 December 1939 ) is an Italian former film actress of the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Pietro Ghedin ( born 21 November 1952 ) is an Italian football coach who currently manages the Malta national team .
Tarik Freitekh طارق فريتخ ( born 5 October 1987 ) is a Palestinian American businessman , producer , and director .
Roland Mqwebu ( 16 January 1941 -- 28 August 2015 ) was a South African actor famous for his role as James Mkhize , an InDuna and mantshingelani ( watchman ) in the sitcom Emzini Wezinsizwa .
Jamila Jaxaliyeva ( Russian : Жамиля Магжановна Джаксалиева ) ( born 19 May 1990 ) is the first golfer from Kazakhstan to compete on a professional tour .
Sonny Tuigamala ( born 17 June 1988 ) is an Australian Rugby League Player for the Sydney Roosters in the NRL .
Calvin Kingsley ( 8 September 1812 -- 6 April 1870 ) was an American bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church elected in 1864 .
Barri Griffiths ( born 13 January 1982 ) is a Welsh professional wrestler and former Gladiators competitor , also known by his Gladiators name Goliath and his ring name Mason Ryan .
Marcus London ( born 15 January 1968 ) is an English pornographic actor , director , and screenwriter .
Janice Kapp Perry ( born 1938 ) is a well - known Latter - day Saint songwriter whose contributions have resulted in roughly 50 albums and several songs in the LDS Church hymnal , Children 's Songbook , and 70 Favorite Children 's Songs .
Robert Flores ( born 1970 ) is a sports journalist , who formerly worked at ESPN .
Dame Jill Ellison , DBE ( born 31 January 1955 ) is Director of Nursing , Heart of England NHS Foundation Trust .
Jay Blakeney ( born 20 June 1929 in England -- d. 24 October 2007 ) was a British newspaper reporter , well known as romance writer under the pseudonyms Anne Weale and Andrea Blake .
Steven Birch ( born 25 September 1981 in Whiston ) is a light heavyweight boxer from England , who won a silver medal at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester , United Kingdom .
Darko Micevski ( Macedonian : Дарко Мицевски , born 12 April 1992 ) is a Macedonian footballer playing with OFK Beograd in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Raphael F. J. McGrath ( born 5 November 1947 ) , usually known as Rae McGrath , is a British campaigner and specialist in humanitarian response to conflict and natural disaster .
Silje Reinåmo ( born 25 August 1982 ) is a Norwegian actress , dancer , and musical performer .
Christopher Blenkinsop ( born 7 March 1963 ) is an English - German writer , composer , musician and producer , and a member of the band 17 Hippies .
Jens Ludwig ( born 30 August 1977 ) is the lead guitarist and co - founder of the German power metal band Edguy .
Martin Coleman ( born 1 August 1950 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a golakeeper for the Cork senior team .
Marian Kretschmer ( * 1983 in Karl - Marx - Stadt , now Chemnitz ) is a German comics artist and illustrator .
Ulisses Soares ( born 2 October 1958 ) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) since April 2005 and a member of the church 's Presidency of the Seventy since January 2013 .
Rhodri Hughes ( born 26 November 1993 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Ospreys regional team as a lock .
Nicole Cherubini ( born 1970 , Boston , MA ) is an American visual artist and sculptor .
Zana Rauf ( born 1970 in Sulaymaniyah , Iraq ) was a Kurdish Television News reader .
Skye Gyngell ( born 6 September 1963 ) , is an Australian chef who is best known for her work as food editor for Vogue , and for winning a Michelin star at the Petersham Nurseries Cafe .
Ronen Chen ( Hebrew : רונן חן‎ ; born in 1965 ) is an Israeli fashion designer .
David John Denzil Davies ( born 9 October 1938 ) is a former British Treasury Minister .
Gwyndaf Evans ( Welsh pronunciation : ( ˈɡwɨ̞ndav ˈɛvans ) ; born 4 June 1959 ) is a British rally driver .
Private John Dame ( 1784- ? ) was a member of the Lewis and Clark Expedition .
Saul Griffith ( born 1974 ) is an Australian American inventor .
Mah - Rukh Ali ( Urdu : ماہ رخ علی , born 1 January 1982 ) is a Norwegian journalist and news anchor .
Jafar Panahi ( Persian : جعفر پناهی‎‎ ; born 11 July 1960 ) is an Iranian film director , screenwriter , and film editor , commonly identified with the Iranian New Wave film movement .
Ali Kaya ( born as Stanley Kiprotich Mukche on 20 April 1994 ) is a Turkish long distance runner of Kenyan origin competing in the 5000 m and 10,000 m events .
Laila Shereen Sakr ( born 1971 ) , known by her moniker , VJ Um Amel , is an Egyptian--
Dickran Kouymjian ( born 6 June 1934 ) is a writer , publisher , editor , historian and professor .
Egil Sundar ( né Nilsen ; 17 October 1932 -- 20 April 1994 ) was a Norwegian journalist and newspaper editor .
Christoph Bode ( born May 13 , 1952 in Siegen / North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a literary scholar .
Marco Cochrane ( born 1962 ) is an American sculptor born in Venice , Italy , best known for his large - scale steel sculptures of nude women .
Salvatore Coco ( born 22 April 1975 ) is an Australian film and television actor of Italian descent .
Kelsey Cottrell ( born 31 May 1990 ) is an Australian lawn bowler .
David Cantine ( 1939 -- ) is a Canadian painter , best known for consistently painting pictures using the same composition for the last forty years of his career .
Chris Phelan ( born 12 December 1955 ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1980s .
Anna Guzowska , née Pacholak ( born 15 January 1980 ) is a Polish sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres .
James Sanders Jr. ( born 1957 ) is a member of the New York State Senate , serving since January 2013 .
Talal Al - Meshal ( Arabic : طلال المشعل‎ ) ( born 7 June 1978 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer .
Raymond Wong Yuk - man ( Chinese : 黃毓民 ; born 1 October 1951 ) is a Hong Kong politician , author , current affairs commentator and radio host .
Ross McCall ( born 13 January 1976 ) is a Scottish actor most notable for his role as T-5 Joseph Liebgott in the 2001 HBO miniseries Band of Brothers , and as Matthew Keller in the hit series `` White Collar ( TV series ) ''
Elio Verde ( born 10 September 1987 in Trentola - Ducenta ) is an Italian judoka who competes in the men 's 66 kg ( 146 lb ) category .
Dragutin Golub ( born 29 August 1987 ) is a Croatian football right back , currently playing for NK Međimurje .
Leon S. Robertson ( born 1936 ) is a retired injury epidemiologist .
Francie Schwartz ( born 1944 ) is an American scriptwriter and the former girlfriend , during the late 1960s , of Paul McCartney , who referred to her as `` Franny '' .
Charles Thembani Ntwaagae ( born in 1953 , Tutume , Botswana ) is the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Botswana .
Edward Kielley ( ca 1790 -- March 8 , 1855 ) was a naval officer and surgeon in Newfoundland .
Anja Al - Erhayem ( Arabic : أنجا الإرهايم‎ ; born 1974 in Denmark ) is a Danish filmmaker born to an Iraqi father and Danish mother .
Christos Patsatzoglou ( Greek : Χρήστος Πατσατζόγλου ; born 19 March 1979 ) is a Greek international football player of Romani origin .
Daniel Spiers ( born 1868 , deceased ) was a Scottish professional association footballer who played as a centre half .
Sami Kuoppamäki ( born 1971 ) is a Finnish drummer who has been a very prolific jazz and popular music session musician after the break - up of his early-90s band , Kingston Wall .
Jef Van Campen ( born 6 February 1934 ) is a Belgian post - impressionistic art painter .
Ray Sharp ( born 16 November 1969 ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played for Dunfermline Athletic , Stenhousemuir , Preston North End , Forfar Athletic , Alloa Athletic , Cowdenbeath , East Fife and Montrose .
Robert Buckle was born 6 January 1802 , the fourth son of Edward Buckle of Sowerby , Yorkshire .
Anne Leinonen ( born 1973 in Juva ) is a Finnish science fiction and fantasy writer who has received the Atorox Award and was a co - nominee for the 2012 Tähtivaeltaja Award .
Dermot Clifford , Ph.D. , D.D. ( born 25 January 1939 ) , was the Catholic Archbishop of Cashel & Emly from 1988 to 2014 .
Sir Philip Wentworth , Knight , of Nettlestead , Suffolk ( c. 1424 -- 18 May 1464 ) was an English knight and courtier .
Erin McKean ( born 1971 ) is an American lexicographer , based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Wayne Krieger ( born September 1940 ) is a Republican politician , retired game warden , and tree farmer from Gold Beach on the southern coast of the U.S. state of Oregon .
Viktoriya Klyugina ( Russian : Виктория Клюгина ; née Slivka on 28 September 1980 ) is a Russian high jumper .
Burke Shelley ( born John Burke Shelley , 10 April 1947 ) is a British bass guitarist and vocalist of the Welsh rock group Budgie .
DJ SS ( born Leroy Small , 27 August 1970 , Leicester , England ) is an English drum and bass DJ and record producer .
Grigorijs Kuzņecovs ( born 1943 ) is a former Soviet - Latvian football midfielder who played with FK Daugava Rīga from 1967 to 1973 .
Staffan Larsson , ( born 10 February 1970 ) , is a Swedish cross - country skier .
Gerard McGrattan ( born 1972 ) is an Irish former hurler who played as a right wing - forward for the Down senior team .
Mislav Bezmalinović ( born 11 May 1967 ) is a retired Croatian water polo player .
Sviatoslav Shevchuk ( born 5 May 1970 , Ukrainian : Святосла́в Шевчу́к ) is the Major Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church since 25 March 2011 .
Jerry Hanlon ( born c. 1931 ) is a former American football player , coach , and radio broadcaster .
John Spanos ( born 4 January 1961 ) is an Australian former soccer player who played in the National Soccer League .
Faheem Khalid Lodhi ( Urdu : فہیم خالد لودھی ) ( also known as Abu Hamza . b. 1969 , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani--
Piotr Lenartowicz ( 25 August 1934 -- 10 October 2012 ) was a Polish philosopher , vitalist , professor of philosophy at the Jesuit University of Philosophy and Education Ignatianum , jesuit .
Dieter Kemper ( born 11 August 1937 ) is a retired German cyclist who competed professionally between 1961 and 1980 .
Walter Saldanha ( born 1931 ) co - founder with Brendan Pereira , of Chaitra Advertising Private Limited , now Leo Burnett India .
Teimoc Johnston - Ono ( born in 1954 ) is a judo competitor and instructor .
Ulrich I , Duke of Mecklenburg - Stargard ( before 1382 -- 8 April 1417 ) was Duke of Mecklenburg - Stargard from 1392 or 1393 until his death .
Nicholas Nahas ( born 28 November 1946 ) is a Lebanese businessman , politician and the current minister of economy .
Tim Mackintosh - Smith ( born 17 July 1961 ) is a British , Yemen - based , Oxford - educated Arabist , writer , traveller and lecturer .
Léon Orthel ( 4 October 1905 , Roosendaal -- 6 September 1985 , The Hague ) was a Dutch composer , pianist and teacher .
Nasir - ud - Din Muhammad Kuchuk Jahan Shah Padshah Ghazi also called Bidar Bakht Mahmud Shah Bahadur ( 1749 -- 1790 ) , was Mughal Emperor of India for a brief period in 1788 as a puppet of Ghulam Qadir , after Shah Alam II had been deposed and blinded .
Páll á Reynatúgvu ( born 26 July 1967 ) , is a Faroese politician , and former football player , currently serving as a member of the Faroese Parliament .
Dimitri Edou Nzue ( born 4 April 1986 ) is a Gabonese striker with US Bitam .
Alexandra Henao ( born c. 1970 ) is a Venezuelan cinematographer and film director who studied at the National Film and Television School in the United Kingdom .
Luis Maria Alfageme ( born 17 December 1984 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Casertana at Italian Lega Pro .
Alessandro Paci ( born 21 December 1964 ) is an Italian actor , film director and comedian .
Bruno Frick ( born 31 May 1953 ) is Swiss politician of the Christian Democratic People 's Party ( CVP / PDC ) .
Jacob Ward ( born 1974 ) is an American science and technology journalist .
Ryan Spencer Reed ( born 1979 ) is an American social documentary photographer .
Baxtiyor Rahimov ( Russified form Bakhtiyar Rahimov is also used ; Russian : Бахтия́р Раги́мов ) ( born c. 1963 ) is a rebel leader in Uzbekistan who advocates an Islamic republic .
Mareks Ārents ( born 6 August 1986 ) is a Latvian track and field athlete competing in pole vault . Several times won the Latvian championship .
Sishtla Sreeramamurthy Janaki ( born 23 April 1938 ) , commonly known as S. Janaki , is an Indian playback singer who has recorded nearly 48,000 songs , mostly in South Indian languages , in a career spanning 58 years .
Kristin Cashore ( born 1976 ) is an American fantasy writer .
Sandra Laing ( born 1955 ) is a South African woman notable for appearing as and being classified as `` Coloured '' by authorities during the apartheid era , due to her skin colour and hair texture , although she was the child of at least three generations of white ancestors .
Malik Al Nasir ( formerly Mark T. Watson ) ( born 1966 , Liverpool , England ) is a British author and performance poet , born to a Welsh mother and a Guyanese father .
Nelson Wesley Trout ( 1921 - -1996 ) was the first African - American bishop in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America .
Somnath Sapru ( born 21 January 1940 ) is a journalist , editor , media consultant and historian .
Claudio Marzocco ( born 21 February 1959 ) is an Italian engineer and businessman .
Christina Pickles ( born 17 February 1935 ) is an English character actress , best known for her long - running role of Nurse Helen Rosenthal in the hospital drama St. Elsewhere , for which she was nominated for four Emmys , and for her role as Judy Geller on Friends .
Bai Minzhong ( 白敏中 ) ( 792 - -861 ) , courtesy name Yonghui ( 用誨 ) , formally Duke Chou of Taiyuan ( 太原醜公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Xuānzong and Emperor Xuānzong 's son Emperor Yizong .
Edward Delaney ( 1930 - -2009 ) was an Irish sculptor born in Claremorris in County Mayo in 1930 .
Daigō Kenshi ( born 23 May 1952 Noburu Itakura ) is a former sumo wrestler from Yamamoto , Akita , Japan .
Robert Neal `` Bob '' Dies OBE ( 22 May 1909 -- 9 January 1984 ) , who took the stage name of Bob Dyer , was a Gold Logie - award winning American - born vaudeville entertainer and singer , radio and television personality , and radio and television quiz show host who made his name in Australia .
Walter S. Painter ( 1877 - 1957 ) was an American architect who is chiefly noted for his work with the Canadian Pacific Railway as its chief architect .
Ehsan Mohajer Shojaei ( Persian : احسان مهاجر شجاعی ‎ , born 21 March 1983 in Borujerd ) is an Iranian middle distance track athlete who specialized in the 800 metres .
Kaarin Fairfax ( born 30 September 1959 ) is an Australian actress , director and musician who played the role of ' Dolour Darcy ' in two TV miniseries The Harp in the South ( 1986 ) and its sequel Poor Man 's Orange ( 1987 ) based on books of the same names by Ruth Park .
Božidarka Frajt ( also spelt Frait ; born 11 November 1940 ) born as Božidarka Grublješić is a Croatian actress of Serbian origin .
Boey Kim Cheng ( Chinese : 梅健青 ) ( born 1965 ) is a Singapore - born Australian poet .
Ismail Rabee Juma ( Arabic : اسماعيل ربيع جمعة‎ ; born 11 January 1983 ) is an Emirati footballer who played at 2007 AFC Asian Cup .
Nimrod Mashiah ( also spelled Nimrod Mashiach ; Hebrew : נמרוד משיח , born July 10 , 1988 ) is an Israeli windsurfer .
Vahap Işık ( born 28 December 1982 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a center back for Kocaeli Birlik Spor .
Vudi is the nickname of Mark Pankler ( born 22 September 1952 , Chicago ) , guitarist with San Francisco based indie rock band American Music Club .
Milan Lešický ( born 11 July 1945 ) is a former football player from Slovakia and manager .
Wu Weishan ( simplified Chinese : 吴为山 ; traditional Chinese : 吳為山 ; pinyin : Wú Wèishān ; born : January 1962 ) is a Chinese contemporary sculptor from Dongtai in Jiangsu Province .
Josep Huguet i Biosca ( born 8 March 1951 ) was Minister of Trade , Tourism and Consumer Affairs of the Generalitat de Catalunya from 20 October 2004 until 12 May 2006 and Minister of Innovation , Universities and Enterprise of the Generalitat de Catalunya from 29 November 2006 to 29 December 2010 .
Lucile Cypriano ( born 2 September 1996 ) is a French racing driver currently competing in the SEAT León Eurocup .
Purnachandra Bidika ( born 4 April 1957 ) is a Powerlifter from Odisha who won 4 gold medals in 2006-World Power Lifting Championship .
Christian Biegai ( born 14 December 1974 ) is an award winning film composer , sound designer and saxophonist .
Hilaire de Barenton ( 28 February 1864 in Barenton -- 24 February 1946 in Paris ) , with real name Étienne Boulé , was a friar and historian of the languages of the Middle East .
Lincoln Younes ( born 31 January 1992 ) is an Australian actor , perhaps best known for his roles as Romeo Kovac in Tangle and Casey Braxton in the long - running soap Home and Away .
Levan Razikashvili ( Georgian : ლევან რაზიკაშვილი ) ( 1895 - 1923 ) was a Georgian police officer and victim of Soviet repressions .
Robert R. Spano ( born 27 August 1972 ) is an Icelandic / Italian jurist and Judge of the European Court of Human Rights .
Victor Kamber ( born November 28 , 1943 ) in Chicago , Illinois is a labor union activist and political consultant in the United States .
Michael F. Moody ( born 1941 ) was the chairman of the General Music Committee of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) from 1977 to 2005 .
Frédéric Triebel ( born 20 November 1954 ) is a French immunologist who is best known for his 1990 discovery of the LAG3 immune control mechanism .
Barry R. Clarke ( born 14 March 1959 ) is a British puzzle designer , theoretical physicist , and Shakespeare authorship theorist .
Serge Souchon - Koguia ( born 12 October 1987 ) is a Central African Republican footballer who had last contracted to Tanjong Pagar United in the Singapore S.League .
Ioana Petcu - Colan , born in January 1978 in Cork , Ireland is the daughter of Adrian Petcu and of Ruxandra Colan - Petcu , both her parents being musicians .
Clare Purcell ( 17 November 1884 -- 8 February 1964 ) was an American Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church , South and the Methodist Church , elected in 1938 .
Dimitris Sgouros ( Greek : Δημήτρης Σγούρος ; born 30 August 1969 ) is a Greek classical pianist .
Miroslav Tanjga ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mиpocлaв Taњгa ; born 22 July 1964 ) is a Serbian former football player .
James Milton Black ( 19 August 1856 -- 21 December 1938 ) was an American composer of hymns , choir leader and Sunday school teacher .
Guðmundur Steinarsson ( born 20 October 1979 ) is an Icelandic international footballer who currently plays as a striker for Njarðvík .
Juan Cortada y Quintana ( born ca . 1820 - died 1889 ) was a Puerto Rican politician , businessman , and landowner .
Simon Groom ( born 12 August 1950 ) is a British producer and director , best known as a former presenter of Blue Peter .
George Nazos ( Greek : Γιώργος Νάζος Giórgios Názos ) ( 1862 -- 1934 ) was a Greek music teacher and director of the Athens Conservatory .
Oleg Ichim ( born 27 October 1979 ) is a Moldovan professional footballer , who most recently played for Olimpia Elbląg .
Ghirmay Ghebreslassie ( born 14 November 1995 ) is an Eritrean long distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
Ville Klinga ( born 1968 ) is a Finnish sportsman and TV presenter .
Mangu Singh ( born 15 December 1955 ) is managing director of Delhi Metro .
Joe Barakat ( born 23 February 1963 ) is an Australian rugby union Coach .
William Levinz ( 25 July 1625 -- 3 March 1698 ) , doctor of medicine and Regius Professor of Greek at Oxford University , was President of St John 's College , Oxford from 1673 until 1698 .
Anne Marit Godal ( born 20 November 1972 ) is a Norwegian website editor .
Bruno Carlo Oggioni ( Italian pronunciation : ( bruno carlo oggioni ) ; born 7 July 1983 ) , better known as Dr. Shiver , is an Italian record producer , musician , pianist , DJ , remixer and label manager .
Uppaluri Gopala Krishnamurti ( 9 July 1918 -- 22 March 2007 ) , known as U. G. Krishnamurti , was an Indian man who questioned enlightenment .
Pelópidas Guimarães Brandão Gracindo ( 16 July 1911 -- 04 September 1995 ) , known as Paulo Gracindo , was a Brazilian actor .
James Hall ( 15 October 1892 -- 13 November 1953 ) , better known as Seaman Nobby Hall , was a Scottish boxer who was British and European lightweight champion between 1922 and 1923 .
Rudy Joubert ( born 1962 ) is a South African rugby union coach and a former footballer .
Rajashri ( Telugu : రాజశ్రీ ) ( 31 August 1934 -- 14 August 1994 ) was a famous dialogue and lyrics writer and Music director in Telugu cinema industry .
Samuel Seyer ( 1757 - -1831 ) was an English schoolmaster and cleric , known as a historian of Bristol .
Harlan Alaalatoa ( born 7 January 1988 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Canterbury - Bankstown Bulldogs of the National Rugby League .
Teresa Di Loreto ( Nocera Inferiore , 26 December 1989 ) is an Italian Long jumper .
Jeffrey S. Cramer ( born 1955 ) is the Curator of Collections at the Thoreau Institute at Walden Woods Library , managing the collections of the Walden Woods Project , the Thoreau Society , and the Ralph Waldo Emerson Society .
Marjorie Evasco is an award- winning Filipino poet , born in Maribojoc , Bohol on September 21 , 1953 .
Janet Brennan Croft ( born 1961 ) is an American author and editor .
Marcus Berg ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈmarkɵs bærj ) ; born 17 August 1986 in Torsby ) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for the Greek powerhouse Panathinaikos F.C. , and the Swedish national team .
Frances Sheridan ( née Chamberlaine ) ( 1724 -- 26 September 1766 ) was an Anglo - Irish novelist and playwright .
Alhaj Moulana Peer Ghousi Shah(Persian / Urdu : حضرت مولانا غوثى شاه ) ( July 1893 -- June 1954 ) was a renowned Muslim Sufi , saint , scholar , writer and poet from the Indian subcontinent ; whose poetry in Urdu andPersian is considered to be among the greatest of the modern era .
Mehmood Aslam ( born 1 December 1951 ) a Pakistani Versatile and Television and stage actor .
Tabatha Coffey ( born 17 May 1969 ) is an Australian hairstylist , salon owner , and television personality .
Josh McGuire ( born 2 March 1990 ) is an Australian - born professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Brisbane Broncos in the National Rugby League .
Bollavarapu Venkata Subba Reddy , shortly B. V. Subba Reddy B.L. ( Telugu : బి. వి. సుబ్బారెడ్డి ) ( born 4 July 1903 - died 7 June 1974 ) , was an Indian independence activist , politician and Speaker of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly .
Storm de Hirsch ( 1912 - -2000 ) was an American poet and filmmaker .
Jason Done ( born 5 April 1973 ) is an English actor who appeared as Mordred in the 1998 TV miniseries Merlin , opposite Sam Neill .
Edward Ian Nell ( born 6 August 1978 in Norwich , Norfolk , England ) is a British DJ , known as Ed Nell or Nelly .
Davor Štern ( born 18 June 1947 in Zagreb , Croatia ) is a former Minister of Economy , Labour and Entrepreneurship in the Croatian Government , businessman and entrepreneur .
Ivan Vukomanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Вукомановић ; born 19 June 1977 ) is a Serbian retired footballer and coach .
Mark Osowski ( 1963 - -2004 ) was a head coach for the Continental Basketball Association 's Connecticut Pride , a college coach ; and assistant coach for the Charlotte Hornets , the Golden State Warriors , and the Cleveland Cavaliers under Paul Silas .
Aleksandra Popovska ( born 1975 ) is a vocalist , multimedia artist , educator , and composer / improviser currently resident in The Netherlands .
Teague Moriarty ( born April 21 , 1983 ) is an American chef best known for holding a Michelin star at his San Francisco restaurant called Sons & Daughters .
Roy Eugene Davis ( born 9 March 1931 ) is an American spiritual teacher and author who `` established the Georgia - based Center for Spiritual Awareness in 1972 '' .
Julio Mario Santo Domingo was born on 16 October 1923 in Panama City , Panama , to Julio Mario Santo Domingo Santo Domingo and Beatriz Pumarejo de Vengoechea , the youngest of their four children ; his older siblings were Beatriz Alicia , Cecilia , and Luis Felipe .
Brad Adam ( born 1970 ) is an anchor for the Northwest Sports Report , and serves as a co - anchor of Mariners Live .
Bolko von Schweinichen ( 1 May 1896 , Bytom - ? ? ? ) was a police official in Nazi Germany who , for the majority of the German occupation of France , served as the commander of the regular German police ( the Ordnungspolizei ) in Paris .
Ronald G. Carter ( born 1932 ) is the author of the nine volume historical fiction series Prelude to Glory about the American Revolution .
Enrique Cirules ( b. 1938 in Nuevitas , Camagüey Province ) is a Cuban writer and essayist .
David Musgrave ( born 1965 ) is an Australian poet , novelist , publisher and critic .
Flaithbertach Ua Néill ( before 978 - -1036 ) was king of Ailech , a kingdom of north - west Ireland .
Kristian Callaghan ( born 1 July 1993 ) is a British sport shooter .
Maud Oakes ( 1903 - -1990 ) was an artist , ethnologist and writer who spent her life studying and recording the indigenous cultures of Native American tribes , including the Navajo of the American Southwest and the Mam of Guatemala .
Cosetta Campana ( Bassano del Grappa , 12 June 1961 ) is a former Italian sprinter ( 400 m ) .
Fiona Erdmann ( born 9 September 1988 ) is a German model and reality television contestant .
Michael Paknanas the Gardener , aka Michail Baknanas ( Greek : Μιχαήλ Μπακνανάς , 1753 -- July 9 , 1771 ) was a Greek gardener and martyr .
Jeremy Bryan ( born 1986 - 02 - 11 , in Paterson , New Jersey , U.S. ) is an American boxer who fights in the light welterweight division .
Lubomír Beneš ( Prague , 7 November 1935 -- Roztoky , 12 September 1995 ) was a Czech animator , director and author who lived in Roztoky , near Prague .
Marie Henriette of Austria ( Marie Henriette Anne ; 23 August 1836 -- 19 September 1902 ) was Queen consort of the Belgians .
Yitzhak Kariv ( Hebrew : יצחק קריב‎ , born in Russia , 1902 - -1999 ) was the mayor of the Israeli part of Jerusalem from 1952 to 1955 , and a banker .
Jenifer Benítez Benítez ( born 18 October 1988 ) is a Spanish diver .
Berto Correia de Sousa , ( born 16 April 1972 ) is a Portuguese bank manager living and working in Zurich , Switzerland , member of two of the most prestigious families of the Portuguese nobility , the House of Correia and the House of Sousa .
Dan Kieran ( born 10 June 1975 ) is a British travel writer , humorist , literary editor and entrepreneur .
Hannah Hurnard ( 1905 - -90 ) is a 20th - century Christian author , best known for her allegorical novel , Hinds ' Feet on High Places .
Olive Morris ( 1952 - 1979 ) was a community leader and activist in the feminist , black nationalist , and squatters ' rights campaigns of the 1970s in the United Kingdom .
Ken Owen ( born Kenneth Owen , 23 April 1970 , Billinge , Lancashire ) is an English drummer .
Alf Tande - Petersen , nicknamed Tande - P ( born 9 October 1950 ) , is a Norwegian television personality , journalist , writer and businessperson .
Fred Van Oystaeyen ( born 1947 ) , also Freddy van Oystaeyen , is a mathematician and emeritus professor of mathematics at the University of Antwerp .
Danuta Dmowska ( born 1 March 1982 ) is a Polish Fencer and World Épée Champion 2005 .
Chandrikapersad Santokhi ( born 3 February 1959 ) , also known as Chan Santokhi , is a Surinamese politician and former chief of police .
George Purdy , CBE ( Born 1942 ) was Chief Scout of the United Kingdom and Overseas Territories and head of the Scout Association from March 1996 to 2004 .
Saman Sorjaturong ( born Saman Sriprated on 2 August 1969 in Khlong Lan District , Kamphaeng Phet Province ) was a Thai former world boxing champion .
Tesco Vee ( born Robert Vermeulen ; 1955 ) is a Michigan - based punk rock musician and co - founder of Touch and Go Records zine .
Pierre Louis Jean Ivolas ( 7 April 1842 , in Sète -- 29 June 1908 , in Tours ) was a French naturalist .
Keith R. Tribble ( born 1955 ) is an American university sports administrator and former college athlete .
Theodore E. Russell ( born 1936 ) was the first U.S. ambassador to Slovakia ( 1993 - -1996 ) .
Guo Shengkun ( Chinese : 郭声琨 ; born October 1954 ) is a Chinese politician and business executive .
Raza Ali Abidi ( Urdu : رضا علی عابدی‎ ; born 30 November 1936 ) is a Pakistani journalist and broadcaster who is best known for his radio documentaries on the Grand Trunk Road and the Indus River .
Analjit Singh ( born 11 January 1954 ) is an Indian businessman who is the founder and chairman of Max Healthcare and Max Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited and Executive - Chairman of Max Life Insurance .
Aaron Marcus ( born 22 May 1943 ) is an American user - interface and information - visualization designer , as well as a computer graphics artist .
Eileen Roe ( born 24 September 1989 ) is a Scottish racing cyclist from High Valleyfield , Fife , the 2014 British National Circuit Race Champion .
Alison Appleton ( born Liverpool 1965 ) is a British ceramic designer specialising in porcelain tea ware .
Allen D. Beemer was born near Scranton , Pennsylvania , on December 19 , 1842 .
Henry X , Count of Reuss - Lobenstein ( 9 September 1621 in Gera -- 25 January 1671 in Lobenstein ) was a German nobleman , and rector of the University of Leipzig .
Phil Daley ( 1 April 1964 -- ) is an Australian former premiership - winning and representative rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s .
Warren Jolly , born 1983 , is a young American Internet Entrepreneur and CEO of adQuadrant , an online media company based out of Costa Mesa , California .
Lee Dong - gun ( Hangul : 이동건 , Korean pronunciation : ( i.doŋgʌn ) ; born 26 July 1980 ) is a South Korean actor and singer .
Liu Biao ( 142 - -208 ) , courtesy name Jingsheng , was a warlord and the governor of Jing Province who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
Luciano Catenacci ( 13 April 1933 -- 4 October 1990 ) was an Italian born actor and production manager who worked on mainly Italian produced films during the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s .
Carolina Engman ( born 5 March 1987 ) is a Swedish fashion blogger , model and stylist .
Peyman Yazdanian ( Persian : پیمان یزدانیان ‎‎ , born 1968 ) is a famous and awarded Iranian pianist and music composer .
Chu Văn Tập , better known by his penname Học Phi ( 11 February 1913 -- 6 May 2014 ) , was a Vietnamese dramatist and scriptwriter .
Lou Shide ( Chinese : 婁師德 ; 630 - 699 ) , courtesy name Zongren ( 宗仁 ) , formally Viscount Zhen of Qiao ( 譙貞子 ) , was an official and general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , twice serving as chancellor during Wu Zetian 's reign .
Guillermina Jiménez Chabolla ( born 16 August 1930 ) , commonly known by her stage name Flor Silvestre ( Spanish pronunciation : ( floɾ silˈβestɾe ) ) ( `` wild flower '' ) , is a Mexican singer and actress whose multifaceted career spans seventy years .
Larry Atlas ( born 1948 Cleveland , Ohio ) is the author of eight produced plays .
Taleb Rifai ( born 1949 ) is the current Secretary - General of the United Nations ' World Tourism Organization , based in Madrid , Spain , where he has held the post since being unanimously elected in 2010 .
S. Alfred Hopkins ( 1870 -- May 1941 ) was an American architect , an `` estate architect '' who specialized in country houses and especially in model farms in an invented `` vernacular '' style suited to the American elite .
Yusuf ibn Tashfin also , Tashafin , or Teshufin ; or Yusuf ; ( Full name : Yûsuf bnu Tâšfîn Nâçereddîn bnu Tâlâkâkîn as - Sanhâjî , Arabic : يوسف بن تاشفين ناصر الدين بن تالاكاكين الصنهاجي ‎ ; reigned c. 1061 -- 1106 ) was leader of the Moroccan Almoravid empire .
Mely Tan Giok Lan ( born 11 June 1930 ) , professionally known as Mely G. Tan , is a Chinese Indonesian sociologist .
Don Argue ( born 1939 ) was the President of the National Association of Evangelicals from 1992 to 1998 .
Aonghas MacNeacail ( born 1942 ) , nickname Aonghas dubh or Black Angus ) is a contemporary writer in the Scottish Gaelic language .
Jacques Guy is a French linguist , born 2 October 1944 and living in Australia since 1968 .
Jack O'Keefe ( 29 September 1915 -- 8 March 2000 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne , Hawthorn and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Prawat Nagvajara ( Thai : ประวัติ นาควัชระ ) , born December 1 , 1958 , is a Thai academic and cross - country skier .
Laurent Banide ( born 26 January 1968 ) is a French football manager who is currently in charge of Al - Orobah in Saudi Premier League .
Roland Bombardella ( born 9 July 1957 in Dudelange ) is a Luxembourgian soldier and retired sprinter .
Tiphany Adams ( born 1983 ) is an American reality television personality , actress , model and speaker .
Burton Barr ( 1917 - -1997 ) was an American Colonel , businessman and politician .
Jim MacCool ( born 1963 ) is a British dramatic poet in the shanachie or travelling bard tradition .
William Duckett White was born on 5 October 1807 at Moate Castle , County Westmeath , Ireland , the son of William White and his wife Sarah ( née Clibborn ) .
Isaac Vorsah ( born 21 June 1988 ) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays as a centre - back for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg in Austria .
Robin Morrow AM ( born 1942 ) is an Australian lecturer , critic and editor in children 's literature .
Sadhu Singh was born in the village of Manuke Gill in Moga District in 1941 .
Sylvain Chomet ( French : ( ʃɔmɛ ) ; born 10 November 1963 ) is a French comic writer , animator and film director .
Craig Hignett ( born 12 January 1970 ) , is an English former professional footballer .
Eleonora Vallone ( born 1 February 1955 ) is an Italian actress , model and TV - personality .
William Sidney Gibson ( 1814 - -1871 ) was an English barrister and antiquarian .
John Fedosoff ( born November 19 , 1932 ) is a former award winning and Grey Cup champion Canadian Football League player .
Adil Chihi ( Arabic : عادل شيحي‎ ; born 21 February 1988 ) is a professional footballer .
Cedric Sharpe , ARCM , Hon RAM ( 13 April 1891 -- 1978 ) was a British cellist , composer and music professor of the early to mid-20th century .
Ricky Swallow is an Australian sculptor ( born in San Remo , Victoria in 1974 ) , who lives and works in Los Angeles .
Jasper van ' t Hof ( born 30 June 1947 ) is a Dutch jazz pianist and keyboard - player .
Ron van Bruchem ( born 20 April 1967 ) is a well known Dutch speedcuber living in Almere .
Tony Juniper ( born 24 September 1960 ) is a British campaigner , writer , sustainability advisor and environmentalist who served as Executive Director of Friends of the Earth , England , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Charles - Félix de Galéan ( 1620 - 1700 ) was a French aristocrat and Lieutenant - General .
Robert Eddy ( born 7 January 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer , currently playing for Woodville - West Torrens Football Club in the South Australian National Football League .
Dr. W. Andreas Jacobs ( born December 1963 ) is a Bremen - born entrepreneur who lives in Germany and is a German national .
Cindy Shelley ( born 23 March 1960 in Barnet , Hertfordshire ) is a British actress , best known for her roles in two high profile BBC television dramas of the 1980s - Alice Courtenay in Tenko and Abby Urquhart in Howards ' Way .
Janusz Tomaszewski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjanuʂ tɔmaˈʂɛfski ) ) ( born 13 September 1956 in Pabianice ) is a Polish politician .
Steffen Tangstad ( born 22 June 1959 ) is a Norwegian retired professional boxer and two time European Heavyweight Champion .
Tiwatope Savage - Balogun ( born 5 February 1980 ) , better known by her stage name Tiwa Savage , is a Nigerian singer - songwriter , recording artist , performer and actress .
Stefan G. Rasmussen ( born 23 July 1947 ) is a Danish former pilot who captained the crash - landing SAS flight 751 on 27 December 1991 .
Haobam Ongbi Ngangbi Devi ( 1 August 1924 -- 12 June 2014 ) was an Indian classical dancer and musician , known for her expertise in the Manipuri Dance forms of Lai Haraoba and Raas .
The Honourable Akwasi Osei - Adjei , M.P. ( born 27 December 1949 in the Ashanti Region ) was the Ghanaian Minister for Foreign Affairs from July 2007 to February 2009 .
Jürgen Wähling ( born 6 December 1940 ) , is a former German football player and manager .
Pollyfilla ( aka Colin McLean ) ( born August 1978 ) is a drag artiste originally from Wellington , New Zealand .
Balabhaskar ( born 10 July 1978 ) is an Indian violinist , composer and record producer .
Ulrich Iser ( born 14 April 1957 ) is a paralympic athlete from Germany competing mainly in category F55 throws events .
Naresh Sohal ( born 1939 ) is an Indian - born composer of western classical music .
Jennifer Lee Carrell ( born in 1962 ) is an American author of three novels and numerous articles for Smithsonian Magazine and Arizona Daily Star .
Jacques Hustin ( 15 March 1940 -- 6 April 2009 ) was a Belgian singer - songwriter and artist who was successful in his homeland in both fields , and is best known internationally for his participation in the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest .
Zvi Alderoti ( Hebrew : צבי אלדרוטי‎ , born 9 May 1934 ) is an Israeli former politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment in 1977 .
Justin Lanning ( born 21 February 1973 ) is an English former ice dancer .
Nadia Chambers is a Welsh actress , born 13 January 1968 .
Tom Sapsford ( born 1975 ) is a British ballet dancer and choreographer , whose work often concentrates on the interplay of contemporary dance and new media technology .
Ruslan Tleubayev ( Russian : Руслан Тлеубаев ; born 3 July 1987 ) is a Kazakh cyclist .
Evangelina Vigil - Piñón ( born 29 November 1949 San Antonio , Texas ) is a Mexican - American poet , translator , and television personality .
Rebecca Fortnum ( born 1963 ) is a British artist , writer , and academic .
Guillaume Leriche ( born 6 June 1975 ) is a French sound engineer .
Rahamim Malul ( Hebrew : רחמים מלול‎‎ , born 29 April 1946 ) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shas between 1999 and 2003 , and is the current mayor of Rehovot .
Marko Prezelj ( born 13 October 1965 ) is a Slovenian mountaineer and photographer .
Greg Sage ( born 1952 ) is an American songwriter , guitarist , and vocalist , regarded as an important influence on many punk rock and post - punk artists .
Tarun Khanna ( born ; 1968 ) is an Indian - born American academic , author , and an economic strategist .
Taylor Marsh ( born 1954 ) , the pseudonym for Michelle Marshall , is an author , political analyst , writer and strategist , as well as founder and publisher of the new media blog TaylorMarsh.com .
James Huff Stout ( September 25 , 1848 - -December 8 , 1910 ) was an American Republican politician and businessman from Wisconsin .
Jonathan Toto ( born 30 March 1990 ) is a French footballer of Cameroonian heritage , who is a striker that last played for Greek side Doxa Drama in 2013 .
Joe Steve Ó Neachtain ( born 1942 ) is an Irish writer , actor , playwright and broadcaster in the Irish language .
Diane Leather ( born 7 January 1933 in Streetly , West Midlands , England ) was the first woman to run a mile in less than 5 minutes .
Ross Dimsey ( born 16 October 1943 ) is an Australian writer , producer , director and film executive .
Julie Cox ( born 24 April 1973 ) is an English actress , perhaps best known for her role as Princess Irulan in the Sci Fi Channel 's 2000 miniseries Frank Herbert 's Dune and its 2003 sequel , Frank Herbert 's Children of Dune .
Kovid Gupta ( born 1988 ) is an Indian - American author , screenwriter , and social activist .
Tomáš Ujfaluši ( Hungarian : Újfalusi Tamás , Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtomaːʃ ˈʊjfaˌlʊʃɪ ) ; born 24 March 1978 ) is a Czech retired footballer .
Constantin Blaha ( born 1 December 1987 ) is an Austrian diver who specializes in the 1 m and 3 m springboard events .
He Jiong ( Chinese : 何炅 ; pinyin : Hé Jiǒng , born 28 April 1974 in Changsha , Hunan ) is a Chinese anchor , singer , actor , director and an Arabic teacher in Beijing Foreign Studies University .
Chris Jarrett ( born 1956 ) is an American pianist and composer who has lived in Germany since 1985 .
Adho Duraso ( also referred to as Arha Dursa ) ( born 1538 , died 1651 ) was a medieval Rajasthani - language poet .
John Andreassen ( born 26 August 1943 , Oslo ) is a Norwegian television producer who has been behind a number of TV productions for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation .
Elene Gedevanishvili ( Georgian : ელენე გედევანიშვილი , born 7 January 1990 ) is a Georgian figure skater .
T. S. Nandakumar ( born on 17 March 1958 ) is a well known Indian carnatic music percussionist .
Josef Dědič ( b. 1924 ; d. June 19 , 1993 in Prague ) was a Czechoslovak figure skater and sport official .
Selim Bayraktar ( born 1975 ) is a Turkish actor best known for his role as `` Sümbül Ağa '' in Muhteşem Yüzyıl .
Mirel Wagner , born 3 December 1987 , is a Finnish singer - songwriter .
Sir George Rumbold , 2nd Baronet ( 17 August 1764 -- 15 December 1807 ) was a British diplomat who was ambassador to the Hanseatic League .
Gen. Patrick Nyamvumba ( born 11 June 1967 ) is Chief of Defence Staff of the Rwandan Defence Forces ( RDF ) .
Norman Harper ( born 7 September 1957 ) is an author , book editor , journalist and broadcaster , and for 27 years was a writer , features editor , and latterly leader - writer and columnist with the Scottish newspaper , the Press and Journal .
Dean King ( born 1962 ) is an American author of narrative non - fiction on adventure , historical and maritime subjects .
Roland Sales ( born 1958 ) is a former running back for the University of Arkansas and a former professional football player .
M. Nasroen ( 1907 - -1968 ) was an Indonesian scholar in the field of philosophy .
Mirza Ghulam Hafiz ( 1920 -- December 20 , 2000 ) was a Bangladeshi statesman , politician , and philanthropist .
Liv Holtskog ( 4 August 1934 -- 21 July 2014 ) was a Norwegian fruit farmer and poet .
Taina Impiö ( born 10 April 1956 ) is a Finnish former cross country skier who competed during the late 1970s .
Dag Vidar Kristoffersen ( born 20 April 1957 in Drammen ) is a Norwegian football coach , best known for his time in Strømsgodset where he led the team to two silver medals in the Norwegian Football Cup and bronze medals in the Tippeligaen .
Lana Franković ( born 27 September 1991 ) is a Croatian handball player the best croation handball club RK Podravka Vegeta and the Croatian national team .
Thomas Watters Brown PC ( 17 March 1879 in Newtownards -- 7 October 1944 ) was an Irish lawyer and politician .
Richard Dormer ( born 11 November 1969 ) is an actor , playwright and screenwriter from Northern Ireland .
Anocha Panjoy ( Thai : อโนชา ปันจ้อย ; rtgs : Anocha Panchoi ; born 1955 ) is a Thai national who was abducted by North Korean agents from Macau on 21 May 1978 .
Yoaz Hendel ( Hebrew : יועז הנדל‎ ; born May 22 , 1975 ) is an Israeli military historian and journalist serving as head of the Institute for Zionist Strategies ( IZS ) since May 2012 .
Nil de Oliveira ( born 1986 ) is a Brazilian - Swedish athlete and short distance runner .
Douglas B. Rasmussen ( born 1948 ) is professor of philosophy at St. John 's University , where he has taught since 1981 .
Carli Tornehave , born 26 August 1932 in Stockholm , is a Swedish singer and actor .
Steve Macauley ( born 4 March 1969 in Lytham St Annes , Lancashire , England ) is an ex - professional footballer , who played primarily at centre half .
Mellyana Goeslaw Hoed ( ( məliˈana ˈɡʊslau̯ ˈhʊt̚ ) ; born 7 January 1974 ) , better known by her stage name `` Melly Goeslaw '' , is an Indonesian singer and songwriter .
Marie - Pierre Pruvot ( born Jean - Pierre Pruvot , 11 November 1935 ) is an Algerian - born French transsexual woman who performed under the stage name Bambi .
Iann Robinson ( born c. 1971 ) is an American writer , musician and television personality best known as a former MTV News on - air correspondent .
Geoff Leek ( 18 February 1932 -- 21 February 2008 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the VFL from 1951 to 1962 .
Jean Ronny Johnsen ( born 10 June 1969 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a centre back or defensive midfielder .
Raymond Martorano ( born Ignazio Raymond Anthony Martorano ; 1927 - February 5 , 2002 ) was an Italian - American mobster based in Philadelphia .
Anna McGahan ( born 2 May 1988 ) is an Australian actress and playwright , who has mainly appeared in Australian television programs and short films .
Ileana Gyulai - Drîmbă - Jenei ( Hungarian : Ilona Gyulai , born 12 June 1946 ) is a Romanian former fencer .
Kjetil Mørland ( born 3 October 1980 ) , better known as simply Mørland , is a Norwegian singer and songwriter .
Zhou Heping ( Chinese : 周和平 ; pinyin : Zhōn Hépíng ; born 1949 ) is Honorary Director of the National Library of China .
Pol Hom ( Khmer : ប៉ុល ហំម ; born 3 February 1946 ) is a Cambodian politician and Member of Parliament for Takéo Province .
Robbie Kearns ( born 12 December 1971 in Sydney ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer in the National Rugby League competition whose senior career began with the Cronulla Sharks .
Aya Korem ( Hebrew : אַיָּה כּוֹרֵם ; born 7 January 1980 ) is an Israeli pop / rock singer and songwriter .
Peter Guidi ( born 1949 ) is a jazz saxophonist and jazz flutist whose main instruments are flute , alto and bass flute , alto and soprano saxophones .
Vivica Bandler ( 5 February 1917 -- 30 July 2004 ) was a Finnish theater director and agronomist .
Steve Valentine ( born 26 October 1966 ) is a Scottish actor , musician , and magician who has performed on stage and screen but who is best known for his role as the eccentric Nigel Townsend on NBC 's crime drama Crossing Jordan and as Harry Flynn in the critically acclaimed PlayStation 3 game Uncharted 2 :
François Byssot de la Rivière ( 1612 - -1673 ) was an early figure in the New World , his presence being recorded at Île - aux - Ruaux in 1639 when the Jesuits took possession of the property .
Mart Seim ( born 24 October 1990 ) is an Estonian weightlifter competing in the + 105 kg category .
Finian McGrath ( born 9 April 1953 ) is an Irish independent politician .
Captain Vikram Batra , PVC ( 9 September 1974 -- 7 July 1999 ) was an officer of the Indian Army , posthumously awarded with the Param Vir Chakra , India 's highest and prestigious award for valour , for his actions during the 1999 Kargil War in Kashmir between India and Pakistan .
Clara Petrozzi ( former Clara Petrozzi - Stubin , born Clara Cristina Petrozzi Helasvuo on 30 December 1965 ) is a Peruvian - born violinist , violist , musicologist and composer .
Wandelbert ( 813 - d. after 850 ) was a Benedictine monk and theological writer .
Henning Wehn ( German pronunciation : ( ˈhɛnɪŋ ˈveːn ) ; born 10 April 1974 ) is a German stand - up comedian based in London .
John Sciortino ( born 1943 ) , also known as `` Johnny Joe '' is the current Mafia boss of the Kansas City crime family .
Bernardino Soto Estigarribia ( born 20 May 1952 in Coronel Oviedo ) is a Paraguayan army general and politician .
Silvia Cuminetti ( born 29 January 1985 ) , is an Italian ski mountaineer .
Petro Georgiou AO ( born 30 November 1947 ) is an Australian politician who was a Liberal member of the Australian House of Representatives from November 1994 to July 2010 , representing the Division of Kooyong , Victoria .
Stina Wirsén Hedengren ( born 1968 ) , is a Swedish author and illustrator .
Sherjill MacDonald ( born 20 November 1984 ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Sparta Rotterdam , on loan from KVC Westerlo , in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Michelle Stuart ( born 1938 ) is a New York based , American multidisciplinary artist known for her sculpture , painting and environmental art . Her art has created complex , multifaceted investigations of the relationship between nature and culture for over four decades and ranges in scale from monumental earthworks to intimate talismanic sculptures .
Eileen Gail de Planque ( also Eileen Gail de Planque Burke , best known as E. Gail de Planque ; 1944 -- September 8 , 2010 ) was an American nuclear physicist .
Philippe Anziani ( born 21 September 1961 ) is a French former football striker and manager .
Lauren Weedman ( born 1969 ) is an American actress and comedian , best known for her regular role on the HBO television series Looking ( 2014 - -15 ) .
Aleksandr Brazevich ( Belarusian : Аляксандр Бразевіч ; Russian : Александр Бразевич ; born 1 June 1973 ) is a Belarusian football manager who is currently coaching at Torpedo Mogilev .
Carolyn Tomei ( born 1936 ) is a Democratic politician from the US state of Oregon .
Shamsia Hussani ( born 1988 ) is an Afghan street artist and professor in the Fine Arts Department at Kabul University living and working in Afghanistan .
Georges Sylvain ( 1866 - -1925 ) was a Haitian poet , lawyer and diplomat .
Jeremiah Cunningham ( September 1839 - May 23 , 1908 ) was a farmer , mechanic , builder , and highway commissioner in Durham , New York .
George Metcalf ( born 1885 in Easington ) was a professional footballer , who played for Sunderland , North Shields and Huddersfield Town .
Roberts Rugh , Ph.D. ( 16 April 1903 -- 11 November 1978 ) , radiation biologist and embryologist .
Johnny Gardner ( c. 1882 -- c. 1953 ) was a notorious gangster and professional bank robber commonly known as `` Dressed - up Johnny '' , whom the police described as the `` ace of the safe crackers '' .
Charles René Dominique Sochet , Chevalier Destouches , also sometimes spelled Des Touches , ( 7 October 1727 -- 1794 ) was a rear admiral in the French Navy .
Pinchas Cohen Gan ( Hebrew : פנחס כהן גן‎ ) ( born November 3 , 1942 ) is an Israeli painter and mixed - media artist .
Irina Negrea ( born 19 October 1952 ) is a Romanian literary translator , journalist and editor .
Adele Emily Sandé ( /ˈsændeɪ/ SAN - day ; born 10 March 1987 ) , better known as Emeli Sandé , is a Scottish recording artist and songwriter .
Patrik Nilsson ( born 15 March 1982 ) is a Swedish bandy player , currently with Sandvikens AIK in the Swedish Elitserien .
Napoleon Distelmans ( 1884 in Berchem , Antwerp -- 1946 ) was a Flemish violist with the Antwerp Conservatory in the early 1900s .
Matthew Stokoe ( born in 1963 ) is a British writer and screenwriter .
Kurt Mausert ( born 1957 ) is a criminal lawyer .
Philip Taaffe ( born 1955 ) is an American artist , who has shown his works all around the world .
Sir John Barran , 1st Baronet ( 3 August 1821 -- 3 May 1905 ) was a British clothing manufacturer and Liberal Party politician .
Joby Mathew ( Malayalam : ജോബി മാത്യു , born 1976 ) is an Indian international arm wrestler .
Sir George Alexander Drummond , KCMG CVO ( 11 October 1829 -- 2 February 1910 ) was a Scottish - Canadian businessman and senator .
Bijoy Jain ( born 1965 ) is an Indian architect and Norman R. Foster Visiting Professor of architecture at Yale University .
Alan Breck Stewart ( Gaelic : Ailean Breac Stiùbhart ; c. 1711 -- c. 1791 ) was a Scottish soldier and Jacobite .
Jane Richman , known professionally as Jane Child ( born 15 February 1967 ) , is a Canadian dance - pop singer , producer and musician .
Edward Martin Hurson ( 13 September 1956 -- 13 July 1981 ) was an Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer in the East Tyrone Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) .
James T. Mangan ( 1896 - -1970 ) was a famous eccentric , public relations man and best - selling author on self - help topics who publicly claimed ownership of outer space in 1948 .
Ahmed Magdy ( Arabic : أحمد مجدي‎ ) ( born 24 May 1986 ) is an Egyptian professional football defender .
Joseph Iléo ( 15 September 1921 -- 19 September 1994 ) , later called Sombo Amba Ileo , was a politician in the Republic of the Congo and was prime minister for two periods .
Marie De Cotteblanche ( born ca . 1520 , Paris - died before 1584 , probably Paris ) was a French noblewoman known for her skill in languages and translation of works from Spanish to French .
Plenty Horses ( Tasunka ) ( b. 1869 ) was a Sicangu ( Brulé ) Lakota from the Rosebud Indian Reservation .
Robert E. Leedy ( born February 9 , 1921 ) was a Canadian professional wrestler , better known as Ski Hi Lee .
Gunnar Utterberg ( born 28 November 1942 ) is a retired Swedish sprint canoer .
Liu Binjie ( Chinese : 柳斌杰 ; born September 1948 ) is a Chinese politician .
Imelda Concepcion ( born 1936 ) was an actress associated with Sampaguita Pictures .
Henry Cudworth ( 6 December 1873 -- 5 April 1914 ) was an English cricketer active in 1900 who played for Lancashire .
John Christian Hopkins ( born 1960 ) is a Narragansett journalist , author , poet and public speaker who resides in Tuba City , Arizona , United States .
Anthony Hammer ( born circa 1987 ) is an Australian actor , known for his short - lived stint as Leo Hancock on the Australian soap opera Neighbours .
Mato Tadić ( born 15 August 1952 in Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a current judge of the Constitutional Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Matthew Macaulay ( born 29 February 1984 ) is a British Christian musician and worship leader , who primarily plays a contemporary Christian style of worship music .
Michael Luo ( born 1976 ) is an American journalist who currently writes for the New York Times , where he is an investigative reporter .
James Lee Guy ( born 1968 ) is an American actor in film and television in China known in front of the camera by his stage name Gai Ji Li , ( Chinese : 盖吉 利 ; pinyin : gài jí lì ) meaning `` very lucky '' .
Piaras Béaslaí ( 15 February 1881 -- 22 June 1965 ) was a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood ( IRB ) , a member of Dáil Éireann and also an Irish author , playwright , biographer and translator .
Martin Glover , also known as Youth or Orion , ( born 27 December 1960 in Farnworth , Lancashire ) is a record producer and a founding member and bassist of Killing Joke .
Björn Kraus ( born 1969 ) is a German philosopher , who unfolds epistemological theories for social work .
Stefan Meier ( November 6 , 1889 in Neustadt in the Black Forest ; 19 September 1944 in Mauthausen concentration camp ) was a German politician ( SPD ) who was one of the MPs who voted against the adoption of the Enabling Act which formed the legal basis for the establishment of the Nazi dictatorship .
Patrick Fraser Tytler FRSE FSA(Scot ) ( 30 August 1791 -- 14 December 1849 ) was a Scottish advocate and historian .
Patrick James Lynch ( born 2 March 1962 ) , known professionally as P. J. Lynch , is an Irish artist and illustrator of children 's books .
Adam Hartlett ( born 22 April 1986 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Heiner Rodrigo Parra Bustamente ( born 9 October 1991 ) is a Colombian professional racing cyclist better known as Heiner Parra .
Lee Cornes is an English television actor and writer born in Worcester in 1951 .
Patrick Grettnich ( born 3 March 1972 ) is a retired Luxembourgian footballer who is now a manager .
Selwyn Griffith ( 1928 -- 10 August 2011 ) was a Welsh language poet and the Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales , known by the bardic name Selwyn Iolen .
Uddhab Bharali , ( born 7 April 1962 ) is an innovator from Lakhimpur district of Assam , India .
Francis Wingfield or Francis Wingfeild ( born September 1628 ) was a Stamford lawyer in the mid - seventeenth century .
Enric Ismael Martín Panades ( born 18 August 1980 ) is a Spanish track and field athlete and sighted guide .
Pedro Senatore Ramos ( born 2 May 1968 in Guayaquil ) is an Ecuadorian football ( soccer ) referee , best known for having supervised one match during the 2004 Copa América in Peru .
Gilles Vidal ( born ca . 1972 ) is a car designer , appointed Director of Style by Peugeot at the start of 2010 .
Pierre - Michel Duffieux ( 1891 - -1976 ) was a French physicist , known as the founder of Fourier optics .
Tom Carapic ( born 1939 ) , full name Tomislav Sava Čarapić , is an artist who specialises in found object artwork .
İsmet Atlı ( 1931 -- 4 April 2014 ) was a Turkish Olympic medalist sports wrestler in the Light heavyweight class and a trainer .
Nick Tandy ( born 5 November 1984 ) is a professional British racing driver and winner of the 2015 24 Hours of Le Mans with co - drivers Earl Bamber and Nico Hülkenberg .
Prince Talal bin Muhammad ( born on 26 July 1965 ) is a member of the Jordanian royal family , the eldest son of Prince Muhammad bin Talal , the younger brother of King Hussein of Jordan , and the grandson of King Talal of Jordan .
Dennis J. Devereux ( born 1951 ) is Republican politician who was elected and currently serves in the Vermont House of Representatives .
Emperor Wen of Western Wei ( ( 西)魏文帝 ) ( 507 - -551 ) , personal name Yuan Baoju ( 元寶炬 ) , was an emperor of Western Wei -- a branch successor state to Northern Wei .
George David Silva ( 1884 -- 1912 ) was an Australian mass murderer .
Ivor Mairants ( b. 18 July 1908 c.20 February 1998 ) was a jazz and classical guitarist , teacher and composer .
Alessandro Motti ( born 21 February 1979 ) is an Italian professional tennis player who specialises in doubles .
Pat Comfort ( born 1930 ) was an American politician in the state of Washington .
Raya Martin ( b. 1984 ) is a Filipino filmmaker .
Michael Boxwell ( born 1 February 1970 ) is an eco - technology author who has written the books Owning an Electric Car , Solar Electricity Handbook and Proof of Delivery Buyer 's Guide , all published by Greenstream Publishing .
John Tucker Campbell ( 12 December 1912 , Calhoun Falls , South Carolina -- 26 August 1991 , Columbia , South Carolina ) was an American businessman and politician who was Secretary of State of South Carolina .
Daniel Enkaoua ( born 1962 ) is an artist born in France but now an Israeli citizen .
Sunderdas was born in 1596 in Dausa in Rajasthan state in India .
Franklin Lam Fan - keung ( born 1961 in Hong Kong ) is a former non - official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong and an accountant .
Thomas Pilchard ( Pilcher ) ( born at Battle , Sussex , 1557 ; executed at Dorchester , 21 March 1587 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest .
Ayomide Victor Adeboyejo ( born 12 January 1998 ) , known as Victor Adeboyejo , is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Leyton Orient .
Vasilis Angelopoulos ( Greek : Βασίλης Αγγελόπουλος ; born 12 February 1997 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Panathinaikos in the Greek Superleague .
Tim Shorrock ( born 1951 ) is a writer and commentator on US foreign policy , on US national security and intelligence , and East Asian politics .
Niels Schneider ( born 18 June 1987 ) is a Franco - Canadian actor who has appeared in more than twenty films since 2007 .
Tan Malaka ( 2 June 1897 -- 21 February 1949 ) was a teacher , Indonesian philosopher , ex - PKI activist and Commintern agent , guerilla , and Indonesian national hero .
Alexander Gillon ( 1741 -- October 6 , 1794 ) was an American merchant and seaman from Charleston , South Carolina .
Simon ' Mahlathini ' Nkabinde ( 1938 -- 27 July 1999 ) was a South African mbaqanga singer .
Simon Abadie ( born 9 March 1978 ) is a former race car driver and current team director of Tech 1 Racing .
Chekrovolu Swuro ( born 21 November 1982 in Dzulhami Village , Phek district , Nagaland ) is an Indian archer .
Jean - Marc Perret ( born 10 April 1975 ) is a British actor , most notable for his appearance as Prince Caspian in the BBC adaptation of Prince Caspian in 1989 , when aged 14 .
Mark Juergensmeyer ( born 1940 in Carlinville , Illinois ) is an American scholar in religious studies and sociology and a writer best known for his studies of religious violence and global religion .
Risto Lakić ( Cyrillic : Ристо Лакић ; born 3 July 1983 ) is a Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as a right - back .
Shen Xiaoying ( born 2 March 1983 ) is a Chinese sailor who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Bahrudin Atajić ( born 16 November 1993 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a Striker for Finnish club side Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho .
Sydney de Zoysa ( 1909 - October 20 , 1994 ) was a Sri Lankan senior police officer .
Park Sang - in ( Hangul : 박상인 , born 15 November 1952 ) is a former South Korean footballer and football manager who manages Korea National League club Busan Transportation Corporation .
Anupam Sud ( born 1944 ) is an artist who lives and works in Mandi , a small community on the outskirts of New Delhi .
Aidan Hawtin ( born 13 June 1995 ) is a current English professional footballer who plays for Brackley Town , on loan from Oxford United .
Emil Todorov ( Bulgarian : Емил Тодоров ; born 16 March 1975 ) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as a striker .
Rodger Penzabene ( 1944 -- December 31 , 1967 ) , also mistakenly known as Roger Penzabene , was a songwriter for the Motown label .
Lieutenant - Colonel John Simon Frederick Fraser ( 1765 - -1803 ) , also referred to as Simon Fraser , the younger of Lovat , commanded the Fraser Fencibles in Ireland and was Member of Parliament ( M.P. ) for Inverness - shire from 1796 to 1802 .
Arvind Ethan David , ( born 21 February 1975 ) is a Malaysian born , British film producer , founder of Slingshot Productions .
Dominique Jennings ( born 30 October 1965 ) is an actress most notably recognized from her role as Virginia Harrison in NBC 's soap opera Sunset Beach .
Donnie Munro ( Donaidh Rothach ) ( born 2 August 1953 ) is a Scottish musician , and former lead singer of the band Runrig .
Holger Lissner ( born 15 July 1938 in Rynkeby ) , is a Danish priest and hymn writer .
Tolga Kashif ( Tolga Kaşif ) ( born 1962 ) is a British born musical conductor , composer , orchestrator , producer and arranger of Turkish Cypriot descent .
Priyanka Roy ( Bengali : প্রিয়াঙ্কা রায় ) ( born 2 March 1988 ) is an Indian Bengali cricketer .
Primo Baran ( born 1 April 1943 ) is a retired Italian rower who had his best achievements in the coxed pairs , together with Renzo Sambo .
John Sadak ( born 1979 ) is an American radio / TV sports announcer with Westwood One radio , CBS Sports Network , the ESPN family of networks , Fox Sports 1 and the Triple - A affiliate of the New York Yankees , the Scranton / Wilkes - Barre RailRiders .
Euphrosyne of Polotsk ( or Polatsk , Połack ) ( Belarusian : Еўфрасіння Полацкая ; 1110 - -1173 ) was the granddaughter of a prince of Polotsk , Vseslav , and daughter of Prince Svyatoslav of Polotsk .
Hector Rosales ( born April , 1958 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan poet and writer .
Mohammad Shir ( born 1942 ) is a former Afghan wrestler who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in the lightweight event .
Joseph Sembratovych was born on 8 November 1821 , son of a priest of the Archeparchy of Przemyśl .
Andreas Libavius or Andrew Libavius ( ca . 1555 -- July 25 , 1616 ) was a German doctor and chemist .
Bryan Collier ( born 1967 ) is an American writer and illustrator known best for illustrating children 's books .
Pharis Harvey Stower , Jr. ( September 17 , 1944 - -September 29 , 2009 ) was a Wisconsin politician and legislator .
Siti Roziana binti Zain ( born 2 May 1968 ) , known by her stage name Ziana Zain is a Malaysian pop singer - songwriter , model , entrepreneur and actress .
Armand Phillip Bartos ( 1910 -- December 29 , 2005 ) was an American architect and philanthropist .
Karsten Schubert ( born 1961 ) is a German art dealer and publisher working in London , England .
Thomas Gamiette ( born 21 June 1986 ) is a Guadeloupe international footballer who played in Ligue 2 for Reims and Tours and in the Thai Premier League for BEC Tero Sasana .
Per Alf Brodal ( born 17 October 1944 ) is a Norwegian professor of medicine .
Herman Doomer ( 1595 -- 1650 ) was a Dutch Golden Age furniture and frame - maker who is best known today for his portrait by Rembrandt .
Gavin Hunt ( born 11 July 1964 ) is a South African former football ( soccer ) player and coach currently managing Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits .
Matyas Szabo ( born 19 August 1991 ) is a Romanian - born German fencer , team World champion in 2014 .
Michael Saxell ( born 1 October 1956 ) is a singer - songwriter , composer , lyricist , multi - instrumentalist and producer .
Sudhir Kakar ( born Monday , 25 July 1938 ) is an Indian psychoanalyst and author in the fields of cultural psychology and the psychology of religion .
Rupert Gerritsen ( 1953 - -2013 ) was an Australian historian and a noted authority on Indigenous Australian prehistory .
Evaristo Coronado Salas ( born 13 September 1960 in Ciudad Cortés ) is considered the best Costa Rican football striker during the 1980s .
Maria - Joëlle Conjungo ( born 14 July 1975 in Bangui ) is a retired athlete from the Central African Republic who specialised in the 100 metres hurdles .
Gert Palmcrantz ( born 1 February 1938 ) is one of the most distinguished sound engineers in Sweden .
Prince Ivan Aleksandrovich Bagration ( 1730 - 1795 ) , born Ivane Bagrationi ( Georgian : ივანე ბაგრატიონი ) , was a Georgian royal prince ( batonishvili ) of the Bagrationi dynasty from House of Mukhrani .
Giulia Luzi ( born 3 January 1994 ) is an Italian actress , singer , and dubbing voice actor .
William Moseley Jones ( 1905 - -1988 ) was a Democratic attorney from Montebello , California who served several terms in the California State Assembly , including one term as Speaker .
Lakshman Namal Rajapaksa ( Sinhalese : ලක්ශ්මන් නාමල් රාජපක්ෂ ; born 10 April 1986 ; known as Namal Rajapaksa ) is a Sri Lankan politician .
Simon Goddard ( born Cardiff , 21 December 1971 ) is a British author and music journalist .
Intikhab Alam Khan ( Urdu:انتخاب عالم خان ) ( born 28 December 1941 ) is a retired Pakistani cricketer who played in 47 Tests and 4 ODIs from 1959 to 1977 .
Anna Fermanova ( Russian : Анна Ферманова , born 1986 ) , also known as Anya Fermanov , is a Latvian - American television personality and alleged smuggler .
Michael van Praag ( born 28 September 1947 ) is a Dutch football administrator .
Yifat Shasha - Biton ( Hebrew : יפעת שאשא - ביטון‎ , born 23 May 1973 ) is an Israeli educator and politician .
Jerry Desmonde ( 20 July 1908 -- 11 February 1967 ) was an English stage musical , film , and television actor principally in comedies and drama .
Jermaine Wattimena ( born 9 March 1988 ) is a Dutch darts player .
Armin Kõomägi ( born 5 July 1969 ) is an Estonian writer and screenwriter .
David Hillier ( born 18 December 1969 ) is an English former professional footballer and ex - manager of Western Football League side Almondsbury UWE .
Sergei Scherbov ( born 1952 ) is a demographer specializing in demographic analysis and population projection .
Brigitte Schuchardt ( born 28 March 1955 in Jena ) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 100 m breaststroke at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships , as well as gold and silver medals in medley events at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships .
Cevat Yurdakul ( 1 January 1942 - 28 September 1979 ) was a prosecutor and the chief of police of Adana Province , Turkey , when he was assassinated in 1979 .
Mohammed Ziad al - Hariri ( born 1930 ) was a prominent Syrian Army officer .
Carl Riseley ( born 21 December 1982 ) is an Australian singer and recording artist .
Christopher Timothy ( born 14 October 1940 ) is a Welsh actor , television director and writer .
Joanna Pacuła ( Polish : ( jɔˈanːa paˈt͡suwa ) ; born 30 December 1957 ) is a Polish - born actress residing in Southern California .
Rena Dor ( Greek : Ρένα Ντορ ; 1917 -- March 5 , 2000 ) was a Greek actress and a singer .
Ian Curley ( born 1 July 1972 ) is a British auto racing driver , probably best known for his brief time in the 2005 British Touring Car Championship season .
Yiannis Mavrou ( Greek : Γιάννης Μαύρου , born 19 July 1994 ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for AEL Limassol as a striker .
Susan Middleton ( born 1948 ) is an American photographer and author based in San Francisco .
Fifis Ioannou ( Φιφής Ιωάννου in Greek ; 1914 -- 1988 ) , was a Cypriot politician and editor .
Moshé Machover ( born 1936 ) is a mathematician , philosopher , and socialist activist , noted for his writings against Zionism .
John William Cousin ( 1849 - -1910 ) was a British writer , editor and biographer .
Maja Sarihodžić ( Bosnian pronunciation ( mǎːja sǎrixodʒitɕ ) , née Hodžić ; born 12 July 1981 ) , known by her stage name Maya Sar , is a Bosnian singer - songwriter .
Marcus Maeder ( born 7 December 1971 , Zurich ) is a sound artist and composer of electronic music .
Jörg Wontorra ( born 29 November 1948 in Lübeck ) is a German sport journalist .
M. R. Krishnamurthy ( 1940 - -2012 ) who popularly referred to as MRK , was an actor and stage artist who appeared in Tamil films .
Felix Loch ( German pronunciation : ( ˈfeːlɪks ˈlɔx ) ; born 24 July 1989 ) is a German luger and Olympic champion .
Amar Benikhlef ( born 11 January 1982 ) is an Algerian judoka who competed in the middleweight division .
Royengyot Srivorapongpant ( Thai : เริงยศ ศรีวรพงษ์พันธ์ ; born 2 May 1953 ) is a Thai fencer .
Džamila Stehlíková ( Kazakh : Жәмилә Алмасқызы Стеһликова ) , née Almaskyzy ( born on 6 February 1962 in Almaty ) is a Kazakh - born Czech politician and a doctor .
Mikel San José Domínguez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( mi'kel san xo'se ðo'miŋɡeθ ) ; born 30 May 1989 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a defensive midfielder or a central defender .
Dayne Sherman ( born 1970 ) is an American journalist and fiction writer .
Catherine Hanley ( born 1972 ) is a writer and researcher specialising in the Middle Ages .
Bogdan Măcriș ( born 28 January 1997 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as Striker for Steaua București .
Arnond Vongvanij ( Thai : อานนท์ ว่องวานิช , born 15 December 1988 ) is a Thai professional golfer .
Çolpan İlhan ( 8 August 1936 -- 25 July 2014 ) was a Turkish cinema and theatre actress .
Rudzani Ramudzuli ( born 10 May 1983 in Nzhelele , Transvaal ) is a South African football ( soccer ) , who last plays for Supersport United in the Premier Soccer League .
Clare Gerada , Lady Wessely ( born 1959 ) is a London - based general practitioner and was Chair of the Council of the Royal College of General Practitioners for three years from November 2010 .
Phil Larsson ( born 1965 ) is an American Improvisation comedian and actor .
Steve Chirico ( born 1960 ) is the Mayor of Naperville , Illinois .
Charles Deenen ( born 15 January 1970 in Holthees ) , is a Dutch computer / video game Audio Director , Music Composer , Sound Designer & Mixer .
Thomas O'Loughlin ( born 1958 , Dublin ) is Professor of Historical Theology at the University of Nottingham .
Helen Worth ( born Cathryn Helen Wigglesworth ; 7 January 1951 ) is an English actress , best known for playing Gail McIntyre in the ITV soap opera , Coronation Street since 1974 .
Seydou Badian Kouyaté ( born in 1928 ) is a Malian writer and politician .
Barry Tompkins ( born c. 1940 ) is a well - known American sportscaster .
Earl George Lawrence ( born 1946 , Rae Town , died 2003 ) , also known as George Faith , Earl George , and George Earl , was a Jamaican reggae singer best known for his work in the 1970s with producers such as Lee `` Scratch '' Perry and Bunny Lee .
Vladislav Mirchev ( Bulgarian : Владислав Мирчев ; born 23 January 1987 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who currently plays as a forward for Club Valencia .
Chow Kon Yeow ( simplified Chinese : 曹观友 ; traditional Chinese : 曹觀友 ; pinyin : Cáo Guān Yǒu ; born 14 November 1958 ) is a Malaysian politician .
Sanford Sylvan ( born 1953 in New York City ) , is an American baritone .
Barbara Sári ( born 6 November 1990 in Győr ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai ENKSE as a line player .
Jan Wanggaard ( born 16 February 1958 ) is a Norwegian artist with a wide range of expressions from pure sculpture to land art in a wide sense .
Rubén Suárez Estrada ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ruˈβen ˈswaɾeθ ) ; born 19 February 1979 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Torrevieja .
G. S. Rajan ( born 17 June 1962 ) is one of the top ranking exponents ( Indian flautist ) of the Carnatic music tradition and an outstanding world music composer .
Mark McKeever ( born 16 November 1978 , Derry , Northern Ireland ) is a former professional and semi - professional football player who last played for Conference South club Weston - super - Mare .
Truman Henry Safford ( 6 January 1836 -- 13 June 1901 ) was an American calculating prodigy .
Per Tomas Brolin ( born 29 November 1969 ) is a Swedish former professional football player who had a successful period with A.C. Parma during the early nineties winning the 1992 Coppa Italia , the 1993 Cup Winners ' Cup , the 1993 UEFA Super Cup and the 1995 UEFA Cup .
Philip Stanhope , 2nd Earl of Chesterfield PC FRS ( 1634 -- 28 January 1714 ) was a peer in the peerage of England .
Karl Rahm ( 2 April 1907 -- 30 April 1947 ) was a Sturmbannführer ( major ) in the German Schutzstaffel who , from February 1944 to May 1945 , served as the commandant of the Theresienstadt concentration camp .
Karel Bláha ( born 1 June 1975 ) is a retired Czech athlete specialising in the 400 meter dash .
Becky Fischer ( born 1951 ) is a Pentecostal children 's pastor best known for her role in the 2006 documentary Jesus Camp .
Llewellyn Herbert ( born 21 July 1977 in Bethal ) is a South African athlete competing over 400 metres hurdles .
John Charles Harding , 2nd Baron Harding of Petherton ( born 12 February 1928 ) , is a retired British Army officer .
Mao Xinyu ( born 17 January 1970 ) is a grandson of Mao Zedong and a Major General in the People 's Liberation Army .
Ferdinand Sorenson ( 1882 - -1966 ) was a prominent music educator in the U.S. state of Oregon as well as a conductor , composer , dance instructor and performer .
Ken Doherty ( born 17 September 1969 ) is an Irish professional snooker player and radio presenter .
Barbara Herrnstein Smith ( born 1932 ) is an American literary critic and theorist , best known for her work Contingencies of Value :
Rob Mills ( born 21 June 1982 ) is an Australian actor , Television Host and Australian singer best known as one of the finalists from Australian Idol Season 1 .
Carla Panerai ( born 4 July 1947 ) is a retired Italian sprinter who won the 80 hurdles at the 1967 Mediterranean Games .
Earl Carpenter ( born 9 May 1970 ) is an English musical theatre actor , recognised chiefly for his work in London 's West End .
Ellen Urbani ( born March 21 , 1969 ) is an American author residing near Portland , Oregon .
Eli Zeira ( Hebrew : אלי זעירא‎ ) ( born 1928 ) is a former major general in the Israel Defense Forces .
Byron Pickett ( born 11 August 1977 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played with three clubs in the AFL .
Martín Félix Ubaldi ( 11 November 1969 ) is an Argentine former football striker .
Nivea Smith ( born 18 February 1990 ) is a sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres .
Alexandra Bíróová ( born 13 July 1991 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for FSK St. Pölten - Spratzern of the Austrian Frauenliga .
Franco Alves de Souza , known as Franco ( born 24 September 1987 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer playing with Al - Jazeera ( Amman ) .
Stephen Beckwith ( born 1623 ) was a founding settler of Norwalk , Connecticut .
Gauthami Nair was born to Madhu Nair and Sobha on 13 November 1991 on Alleppey .
Martin Adams ( born 4 June 1956 ) is an English professional darts player .
Dorina Mihai ( born 1 June 1981 ) is a Romanian sabre fencer , world champion in 2003 .
Munish Chander Puri ( 15 August 1939 -- 28 December 2005 ) was Professor Emeritus of Mathematics at IIT Delhi .
Nina Elizabeth Agzarian ( born 18 December 1984 ) , better known by her stage name Nina Las Vegas , is an Australian radio host , DJ and music producer .
Andrea Polli ( born 1968 ) is an environmental artist and writer .
Oste Erceg ( Serbo - Croatian : ( Осте Ерцег ) ; born 23 March 1947 ) is a Bosnian Serb painter from Novi Grad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Maxime De Winne ( born 22 June 1977 ) is a Flemish actor and theatre producer .
Pedro Carmona - Alvarez ( born 1972 ) is a Chilean / Norwegian novelist , poet and musician .
Prayudh Payutto ( also P.A. Payutto ; Thai : ประยุทธ์ ปยุตฺโต , ป.อ. ปยุตฺโต ) ( b. 1938 ) , also known by his current monastic title , Phra Bhramagunabhorn , is a well - known Thai Buddhist monk , an intellectual , and a prolific writer .
Huang Qiushuang ( Chinese : 黄秋爽 ; pinyin : Huáng Qiūshuăng ) , born on 28 May 1992 , is a Chinese gymnast .
Emiliano Sanchez ( born on 9 December 1977 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine speedway rider , currently riding in the British Premier League for the Sheffield Tigers .
Chen Xuefeng ( simplified Chinese : 陈雪枫 ; traditional Chinese : 陳雪楓 ; pinyin : Chén Xuěfēng ; born September 1958 ) is a former Chinese politician and mining executive spent most of his career in Henan province .
Gerry Bednob ( born 18 May 1950 ) is a Trinidadian actor and comedian of Bangladeshi descent .
Johnny Wayne ( born Louis Weingarten ; 28 May 1918 -- 18 July 1990 ) was a Canadian comedian and comedy writer best known for his work as part of the comedy duo Wayne and Shuster alongside Frank Shuster .
Thomas Stang ( 27 November 1897 -- 5 January 1982 ) was a Norwegian forester and businessperson .
Ezzatollah Pourghaz , ( born 21 March 1987 in Torkman ) is an Iranian football Defender currently playing for Malavan and the Iran national football team .
Jibrail Kassab ( born 5 August 1938 ) is a bishop of the Chaldean Catholic Church who presides over the Eparchy of Saint Thomas the Apostle of Sydney in Australia .
Joseph Capriati ( born 25 July 1987 , Caserta ) is an Italian electronic music producer and DJ . He was raised in the southern Italian city of Caserta .
Angela Piskernik ( 27 August 1886 -- 23 December 1967 ) was an Austro - Yugoslav botanist and conservationist .
Tom Chadbon ( born 27 February 1946 ) is an English actor , who has spent the larger part of his career appearing on British television .
Brunette Models is the alter ego of the artist Piotr Krzyzanowski , who was born ( 1974 ) and grew up in Toruń ( Poland ) .
Gitta Escher ( later Gitta Sommer , born 18 March 1957 ) is a German former gymnast .
Jens Essendrop ( 24 November 1723 -- 12 December 1801 ) was a Norwegian clergyman , mining official and topographical writer .
Pedro del Barrio Junco y Espriella ( July 15 , 1682 -- ? ) was acting governor of Texas from 1748 to 1750 and twice the governor of Nuevo León , Mexico ( 1740 - -1746 and 1752 - -1757 ) .
Christian Milne ( born 15 May 1773 in Inverness ) was a Scottish poet of the Romantic Era .
He was born Horace Walter Gilbert - Williams on 6 April 1855 in the Kensington district of London , being the only child of the well - known Victorian landscape painter Arthur Gilbert and Gilbert 's second wife Sarah Ann Godfrey .
Werner Heyde ( aka Fritz Sawade ) ( 25 April 1902 -- 13 February 1964 ) was a German psychiatrist .
Michael Oluwaseyi Ayo ( born 5 March 1989 ) , who goes by the stage name Faith Child formerly Faith Kid and MC Faith , is a British Christian hip hop and CEDM musician .
Paul Spong was born in Whakatane , near the north - east coast of New Zealand , in 1939 .
Robert Dalzell , 5th Earl of Carnwath , ( 1687 - -1737 ) , known as Sir Robert Dalzell , 3rd Baronet from 1689 until 1702 , was a Scottish nobleman and Jacobite supporter during the 1715 Jacobite uprising .
Nan Greene Hunter ( born 1938 ) is a Latter - day Saint hymn writer .
Tsugio Hattori ( 1951 -- August 10 , 1998 ) was an American abstract painter .
Kwame Nsiah Apau ( born 17 April 1976 ) , known by his stage name Okyeame Kwame and nicknamed Rap Doctor , is a Ghanaian musician , song writer , creative director and entrepreneur .
Antonio Simone ( born 1969 ) is an Italian pianist , composer and recording artist .
Miodrag Jokić ( born 25 February 1935 ) was the last commander of the Yugoslav Navy .
Claudio Bellini ( born 1963 ) is an Italian - born architect and designer based in Milan .
Kancha Ilaiah ( born 5 October 1952 ) is an Indian academician , writer and activist for Dalit rights .
Hazrat Syed Misri Shah Rizvi ( Sindhi : سيد مصری شاه‎ ) , Hazrat Syed Misri Shah Imam ( 1840 - 1905 ) also known as King of Kaafi ( Poetry ) .
Anoushey Ashraf ( born in Karachi on 14 April 1983 ) is a Pakistani VJ and actress .
Benjamin Franklin Greene ( 1817 - -1895 ) was the third senior professor and first director of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
Rupinderpal Singh Dhillon ( Roop Dhillon ) ( born 1969 ) is a British contemporary Punjabi writer who writes Punjabi short stories , novels and poetry .
Julia Lockwood ( born Margaret Julia Leon ; 23 August 1941 ) is a retired British actress .
Valeria Valeri ( born 8 December 1921 ) is an Italian theatre , film , and television actress .
Kévin Rocheteau ( born 10 July 1993 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Ligue 2 club Chamois Niortais .
Ahmed Najib Chebbi ( Arabic : أحمد نجيب الشابي‎ , French : Ahmed Néjib Chebbi ) or simply Najib Chebbi ( born 30 July 1944 ) is a Tunisian attorney and politician .
Rabbi Eliezer Poupko ( or Pupko ) ( 1886 - 1961 ) was born in Radin , Lithuania , on March 18 , 1886 .
Chu Sang - song ( also translitterated as Ju Sang - song ) ( born in 1933 ) is a North Korean politician and former Minister of People 's Security .
Kaj Steveman ( born 1968 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish visual effects supervisor .
Michel Lacombe ( born 1973 in Montréal , Québec ) is a Canadian comic book artist .
Allan Fallah ( born 11 March 1959 in Bankstown , New South Wales ) is a former Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Western Suburbs Magpies and a NRL touch judge .
Eloy Tato Losada , ( born 6 September 1923 ) is a Spanish born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Gustavo Henrique Barbosa Freire ( born 11 January 1996 ) - known as Gustavo Tocantins - is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Corinthians .
Mariangela Wallimann - Bornatico ( born 25 March 1948 in Roveredo , Grisons ) is a Swiss jurist .
Sabrina Ghayour ( born in Tehran , Iran on 5 January 1976 ) is a British - Iranian Chef , food writer and author .
Alwyn Davey , Jr. ( born 15 May 1984 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club of the Australian Football League ( AFL ) between 2007 and 2013 .
N. Vijay Siva ( born 29 March 1967 ) is an eminent Carnatic music vocalist .
Jan Triska or Jan Tříska ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjan ˈtr̝̊iːska ) ; 4 November 1936 ) is a Czech actor , most notable for portraying Captain Henry Wirz in the American television film Andersonville .
Cao Peng ( Chinese : 曹鹏 ; born December 1925 ) is a Chinese conductor .
Sanatan Dinda ( born 1971 ) is an Indian visual artist from Kolkata .
( Niccolò ) Agostino Veracini ( 14 December 1689 -- 18 November 1762 ) was an Italian painter and engraver .
Gerry Harrison ( born 1942 ) was a leading football commentator on English television in the 1970s and 80s , working for ITV .
William Mudge was a son of Dr. John Mudge of Plymouth , by his second wife , and grandson of Zachariah Mudge , and was born at Plymouth on 1 December 1762 .
Arbaiyah Abdul Manan ( born 1 December 1977 ) or better known as Abby Abadi is a Malaysian singer from girl band ELITE and actress who stars on the popular police drama , Gerak Khas .
Jean - Jacques de Marguerie ( 12 April 1742 , Mondeville -- 6 July 1779 , Grenada ) was a French naval officer and mathematician .
Roger Kimball ( born 1953 ) , an American art critic and social commentator , is the editor and publisher of The New Criterion and the publisher of Encounter Books .
Veselin Petkov Gerov ( born 7 May 1970 ) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as a striker , mostly in Germany .
Brigitte Duclos ( born 13 December 1964 , Melbourne ) is an Australian television and radio presenter .
Anne Madden ( born 1932 ) is an English - born painter , who is well known in both Ireland and France where she has divided her time for the past forty years .
Gino Girolamo Fanno ( 18 November 1882 - 23 March 1962 ) was an Italian mechanical engineer who developed the Fanno flow model .
Sophie Fasold ( born 2 January 1994 ) is a German / American handball player who plays for TSV Owschlag .
Ole Gunnar Solskjær ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈuːlə ˈɡʉnɑr ˈsuːlˈʂær ) ; born 26 February 1973 ) is a Norwegian football manager and former player .
Simone Weiler ( née Karn , 16 December 1978 ) is a German swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 2002 European Aquatics Championships ( 50 m pool ) .
Hannes Tretter ( born 1951 in Vienna ) is an Austrian lawyer and human rights expert .
Wacław Gluth - Nowowiejski ( Wacek ) ( born 10 June 1926 in Warsaw ) is a former soldier of the Polish Home Army ( AK ) , a participant in the Warsaw Uprising , and after the war , a publicist and author .
Oonya Kempadoo ( born 1966 ) is a novelist who was born in the UK of Guyanese parentage , her father being the writer Peter Kempadoo .
Jean Bedford ( born 4 February 1946 ) is an English - born Australian writer who is best known for her crime fiction , but who has also written novels and short stories , as well as nonfiction .
Mulualem Regassa ( Amharic : ሙሉኣለም ረጋስሳ ? , born 4 June 1984 ) is an Ethiopian footballer .
Richard Foreman ( born in New York on 10 June 1937 ) is an American playwright and avant - garde theater pioneer .
Samir Abu Eisheh ( born 1960 ) ( Arabic : سمير أبو عيشة‎ ) is the former Planning Minister of the Palestinian National Authority ( PNA ) .
Gerd Jüttemann ( born 7 December 1933 ) is a German psychologist .
John Gordon , 16th Earl of Sutherland KT PC ( 1661 - -1733 ) was a Scottish nobleman and army officer .
Ferdinand Pelzer ( 1801 - -1860 ) was a German music teacher , guitarist and composer .
Bogoljub Kočović ( born 1920 ) is a Bosnian jurist and statistician , Yugoslav by ethnic affiliation .
Claire Gorham ( born 1967 in UK ) is an English journalist and television presenter , best known for The Girlie Show in the late 1990s .
Liz Prince ( born 1981 ) is an American comics creator , noted for her sketchbook - style autobiographical comics .
Narong Wongwan ( Thai : ณรงค์ วงศ์วรรณ ; born 25 December 1925 ) is a former Thai politician and tobacco industrialist .
Clément Desalle ( born 19 May 1989 ) is a Belgian professional motocross racer competing in the F.I.M. MX1-GP world championship .
Danny Peary ( born 1949 ) is an American film critic and sports writer .
Liem Swie King ( Chinese : 林水鏡 ; pinyin : Lín Shuǐjìng , born 28 February 1956 in Kudus ) is a former Indonesian badminton player who excelled from the late 1970s through the mid-1980s .
Vittorino da Feltre ( 1378 -- February 2 , 1446 ) was an Italian humanist and teacher .
Sergey Layevskiy ( Ukrainian : Сергіӣ Лаєвський ; born 3 March 1959 ) is a retired long jumper who represented the USSR and later Ukraine .
Jayanthi Natarajan ( born 7 June 1954 ) is an Indian lawyer and politician .
Robert Holyhead ( born 1974 in Trowbridge , Wiltshire ) is a British abstract artist .
Angela Richards ( born 18 December 1944 ) is an English actress and singer , best known to television viewers for her leading role in the BBC drama Secret Army ( 1977 - -79 ) , set during the Second World War in which she played Monique Duchamps .
Ya'akov Shamai ( Hebrew : יעקב שמאי‎ , born 22 May 1940 ) is an Israeli farmer and former politician .
Simon Little ( born 30 September 1980 ) is an English bassist , most notable for his work with The Divine Comedy .
Bernard Walter Brisbois ( 1808 - -1885 ) was an agent for the American Fur Company .
Richard Ridings ( born 19 September 1958 ) is a British actor and is best known for his portrayal of Allan Ashburn in the ITV television drama Fat Friends , and for playing Bernard Green in the BBC1 comedy - drama Common as Muck .
Albert Eide Parr ( 15 August 1900 - -16 July 1991 ) was a Norwegian - born marine biologist , zoologist and oceanographer .
Lea Haggett - Goodman ( born 9 May 1972 ) is an English former high jumper .
Paul Mullen ( born 6 September 1982 ) is an English musician , multi - instrumentalist & singer songwriter who first gained recognition for being vocalist and guitarist of the band Yourcodenameis : milo , who went on hiatus in 2007 .
Denis Avdić ( born 31 January 1982 ) is a Slovenian comedian and radio host , most known for impersonating politicians in Slovenia , including Janez Janša and Zoran Janković .
Sayyid Waris Ali Mirza Khan Bahadur ( 14 November 1901 -- 20 November 1969 ) , was the last Nawab of Murshidabad before a prolonged interregnum caused by a succession dispute within the family which was only resolved in 2014 by the Indian Supreme Court .
Daniela Davoli , stage name of Annamaria Fiorillo ( born 5 August 1957 ) is an Italian pop singer - songwriter , mainly successful in the second half of the 1970s .
Tariel Zintiridis ( Greek : Ταριέλ Ζιντιρίδης , born 20 December 1987 in Tbilisi ) is a Greek judoka .
Fraser McLaren ( born 26 September 1988 ) is a Scottish footballer , who plays for Scottish Junior club Bonnyrigg Rose .
Charles Alexander Sheldon ( 17 October 1867 -- 21 September 1928 ) was a conservationist and the `` Father of Denali National Park '' .
Rosemary Vandenbroucke ( Chinese : 虹萱 ; pinyin : Hóng Xuān ; Jyutping : hung4 hyun1 ; born 1981 ) is a Hong Kong - born singer of Chinese , French , and Russian descent .
Tudorita Chidu ( born 17 October 1967 ) is a Romanian former middle - distance runner who competed in both 800 metres and 1500 metres events .
Mélanie René ( born 1 September 1990 ) is a Swiss singer and songwriter of Mauritian origin .
Henrique Silva Milagres ( born 25 April 1994 ) , commonly known as Henrique , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left back for Brazilian Série A club Vasco da Gama .
Tatiana Birshtein or Tat'yana Maksimovna Birshtein ( born 20 December 1928 ) is a Russian molecular scientist .
Clarence Raybould ( Robert Clarence Raybould ) was born in Birmingham on 28 June 1886 , to Robert James Raybould ( born 1862 ) , a printer compositor , and Ellen Amelia Raybould ( née Weston , born 1862 ) , and died in Bideford on 27 March 1972 .
Tony Bell ( born 20 June 1958 ) is a freelance writer and journalist , known for his What 's he on column in Cycling Weekly , where he was a columnist between 1994 and 2006 .
Tom Kimmel ( born Thomas Eugene Hobbs II in 1953 in Memphis , Tennessee ) , is an American singer - songwriter and poet .
Dee Murray ( born David Murray Oates ; 3 April 1946 -- 15 January 1992 ) was an English bass guitarist , best known as a member of Elton John 's band .
Digvijaya Singh ( born 28 February 1947 ) is an Indian politician and a Member of Parliament in the Rajya Sabha .
Steven Woodcock ( born 23 February 1964 ) is a British actor , most famous for his role as Clyde Tavernier in the BBC soap opera EastEnders ; a role that he played from July 1990 to July 1993 .
Maria Helena Rosas Fernandes ( born 1933 ) is a Brazilian composer , pianist , musicologist , conductor and music educator .
Petrus Johann du Toit ( 16 March 1888 -- 13 November 1967 ) was a noted South African veterinary scientist and the successor of Arnold Theiler as Director of Veterinary Services at Onderstepoort between 1927 and 1948 .
Lyle Skinner ( born 14 January 1949 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Central District in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Peter Tekeli ( Russian : Петр Авраамович Текели , Serbian : Петар Поповић Текелија or Petar Popović Tekelija , Hungarian : Tököly - Popovics Péter ) ( 1720 - -1792 ) was a Russian general - in - chief of Serb origin .
Merril Bainbridge ( born 2 June 1968 ) is an Australian pop music singer and songwriter .
Alain Blondel ( born 7 December 1962 , in Petit - Quevilly , Seine - Maritime ) is a retired French decathlete .
Catherine M. Russell ( born 1961 ) is the United States Ambassador - at - Large for Global Women 's Issues , appointed on May 8 , 2013 .
Andy Northey born 17 February 1972 in St Helens , England is a former rugby league and rugby union player .
Barrie Penrose ( born 1942 , Croydon ) is a British investigative journalist , interviewer and trainer .
Jarrod Jablonski ( born April 24 , 1969 ) is a pioneering technical diver and record setting cave diver .
Guðmundur Þorbjörnsson ( born 19 April 1957 ) is a retired Icelandic footballer and coach .
Simon Shore ( born 1959 in Hitchin , Hertfordshire ) is a British director , writer , and editor .
Dennis E. Batt ( 1886 - 19xx ) was an American political journalist and trade union activist .
Jeff Pearlman ( born 1972 ) is an American sports writer .
Rob Burns ( born Robert George Henry Burns , 24 February 1953 ) , earlier also known as Robbie Burns , is an English / New Zealand bass player , author and academic .
Georgios Sinas ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σίνας , German : Georg Sina , 20 November 1783 - 18 May 1856 ) was a Greek entrepreneur , banker and national benefactor .
Jordan Grantz ( born 5 December 1992 ) is an American Samoan international footballer who played college soccer in the United States for North Carolina Wesleyan College , as a Midfielder .
Stefán Sölvi Pétursson ( born 20 March 1986 ) is an Icelandic strongman competitor and entrant to the World 's Strongest Man competition .
William Jessop ( 23 January 1745 -- 18 November 1814 ) was an English civil engineer , best known for his work on canals , harbours and early railways in the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
Robert Rooba ( born 2 September 1993 ) is an Estonian professional ice hockey left winger for Hermes in the Finnish Mestis .
Rick Romley ( Richard M. Romley ) ( born 1949 ) , a Republican , was the County Attorney for Maricopa County , Arizona from 1989 to 2004 .
Kyle Noke ( born 18 March 1980 ) is an Australian professional mixed martial artist who currently fights as a Welterweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Jan Güntner ( born 17 June 1931 ) is a Polish stage and film actor and director .
Leonid Tibilov ( Ossetian : Тыбылты Харитъоны фырт Леонид , Tybylty Xarithony fyrt Leonid ; Russian : Леонид Харитонович Тибилов , Georgian : ლეონიდ თიბილოვი ; born 28 March 1952 in Verkhny Dvan , Znaur district ) is a South Ossetian politician who is the President of South Ossetia after winning the 2012 South Ossetian presidential election .
Constantinus Fidelio Coene , a painter of history , genre , and landscape , was born in 1780 at Vilvoorden .
Todor Todorov Topalov ( or Topalski ) ( Bulgarian : Тодор Тодоров Топалов or Топалски ; 1830 - 23 March 1907 ) , better known under the pseudonym Filip Totyu ( Филип Тотю ) , was a Bulgarian revolutionary of the Bulgarian National Revival period and the voivode of an armed band of volunteers .
Karol Madaj ( born 9 February 1980 ) is a Polish board game designer .
Robert Minhinnick ( born 1952 ) is a Welsh poet , essayist , novelist and translator .
Lesley Douglas ( born 7 June 1963 ) is a former British radio executive .
Ricardo Wolf ( originally Richard Wolf ; 1887 - -1981 ) was a Jewish - German - Cuban - Israeli inventor , diplomat , philanthropist and former Cuban ambassador to Israel .
Leandro Dos Santos ( born 29 October 1986 ) is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Selangor FA in Malaysia Super League .
Labotsibeni Mdluli , also known as Gwamile ( c. 1859 -- December 15 , 1925 ) , was the Queen Mother and Queen Regent of Swaziland .
Lee Kernaghan OAM ( born 15 April 1964 ) is an Australian country music singer , songwriter , musician , guitarist .
Helaine Selin ( born 1946 ) is an American librarian , author and the editor of several bestselling books .
Tom Strohman ( born in 1952 ) is an American flutist , saxophonist , clarinetist , pianist and songwriter / producer .
Ahmed Abu Khattala ( born c. 1971 ) is an incarcerated Libyan , who commanded a small militia during the 2011 uprising against Qaddafi .
Ben Cosgrove ( born 30 January 1988 ) is an American composer and multi - instrumentalist from Methuen , Massachusetts , whose work mainly explores the intersection of sound and place .
Fritz E. Dreifuss , MD ( 20 January 1926 -- October 18 , 1997 ) was a German - born , New Zealand educated , American neurologist and subspecialist in epilepsy based at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville , Virginia , USA .
George Archibald , 1st Baron Archibald CBE ( 21 July 1898 -- 25 February 1975 ) was a British Labour politician .
Louis Becker ( born 1962 ) is a Danish architect and lecturer and the International Design Director at Henning Larsen Architects .
James Robson Douglas ( 1876 - 1934 ) was named the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia effective January 21 , 1925 , succeeding MacCallum Grant .
Veera Musikapong , with full name Veerakarn Musikapong ( Thai : วีระกานต์ มุสิกพงศ์ , rtgs : Wirakan Musikaphong , born 24 May 1948 in Ranot , Songkhla Province ) is a Thai politician .
Pearce Paul Creasman ( born 1981 ) is an archaeologist in the fields of Egyptology , maritime archaeology , and dendrochronology .
Richard Weatherly ( born 1947 ) is an Australian environmentalist and artist specialising in natural history subjects , especially birds .
Nina Badrić ( pronounced ( nîna bâdrit͡ɕ ) ; born 4 July 1972 ) is a Croatian pop singer .
Jarmo Saastamoinen ( born 20 September 1967 ) is a Finnish former football player .
Steffan Cravos ( born 1977 , Cardiff ) is a Welsh rap and hip hop musician and artist .
K. Shankarappa ( 1915 -- April 27 , 2005 ) , known as Khadi Shankarappa , was a senior freedom fighter and khādī ( cotton ) worker in Karnataka , based at Shimoga , India .
Hurşit Tolon ( born 1 April 1942 ) is a retired Turkish general ; he was Commander of the First Army of Turkey from 2004 to 2005 .
Syed Ahmad Saeed Kazmi ( 1913 -- June 4 , 1986 , Urdu : احمد سعید کاظمی‎ ) was scholar and Sufi living in Multan .
Jayne Atkinson ( born 18 February 1959 ) is an English - born American actress who has worked in film , theatre , and television .
Markku Into ( born 20 October 1945 ) is a legend of Finnish poetry and one of the main members in Finnish 1960s underground movement of Turku .
Michał Efir ( born 14 April 1992 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Ruch Chorzów in the Ekstraklasa and young Ekstraklasa .
Raphaël Haroche ( born 7 November 1975 ) , professionally known under his mononym Raphaël , is a French singer -- songwriter and actor .
Eliseo Montaine ( 1 August 1906 -- 1966 ) was an Argentine writer , dramatist , screenwriter , humorist and painter .
Aleksandar Đuričić ( Cyrillic : Александар Ђуричић ; Anglicised : Aleksandar Djuricic ; also known as : Ash ) ( born on 1 October 1982 in Požarevac ) is a young Serbian novelist and a playwright .
Rémy Ranguin better known by his stage name Colonel Reyel ( born 5 October 1984 ) is a French dancehall , R&B and electro music artist .
Ewen Spencer ( born 1971 ) is a British photographer and documentary filmmaker based in Brighton , England .
Glen Matlock ( born 27 August 1956 ) is an English musician best known for being the bass guitarist in the original line - up of the punk rock band the Sex Pistols .
John Blitheman ( Blithman , Blytheman , Blythman , c. 1525 -- 23 May 1591 ) was an English composer and organist .
Richard Bowles ( born 19 September 1978 , in Leicester , England ) is an Australian ultramarathon runner and adventurer based in Melbourne , Victoria .
Jesper Pilegaard , born 6 March 1964 in Elsinore , participated in the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona together with Hans Jorgen Riber in 470-sailing .
Joseph Cawthra ( 14 October 1759 -- 15 February 1842 ) was a Canadian merchant and politician .
Domenick Mucci , Jr. ( born 1956 ) is the current Mayor of Steubenville , Ohio , winning six four - year terms of office since 1993 .
Said Hassane Said Hachim ( born 1932 ) is a Comorian politician .
Alex Read ( born 22 November 1991 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays for Northern Fury FC .
Semen Shestilovsky ( Belarusian : Сямён Шасцілоўскі ; Russian : СЕмён Шестиловский ; born 30 May 1994 ) is a Belarusian professional footballer .
Jeff Abbott ( born 1963 ) is a U.S. suspense novelist .
Fineasi Funaki ( 1966 -- 13 November 2010 ) was a Tongan politician and cabinet Minister .
Gary Allan Polis ( born 1946 in California ; died March 27 , 2000 ) was an arachnologist noted for his study of scorpions .
Chang Yi ( born Chang Po - shen on 24 February 1945 ) is a Hong Kong actor and director originally from Huizhou , China .
Loren Long ( born 1964 ) is an American author of children 's books best known for illustration .
Lawrence Nash Groupé , born April 1957 , best known as Larry Groupé , is an American film score composer for Immediate Music 's offshoot label , Imperativa Records .
Mel Chin ( born 1951 in Houston , Texas , USA ) is a conceptual visual artist .
Slavoljub Đorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cлaвoљуб Ђopђeвић ; born 15 February 1981 ) is a retired Serbian footballer .
Lisa Norman MacColl ( née Norman ) ( born 1979 ) is a shinty player and manager from Kincardine , Fife , Scotland .
Alfred Milner , 1st Viscount Milner KG GCB GCMG PC ( 23 March 1854 -- 13 May 1925 ) was a British statesman and colonial administrator who played an influential leadership role in the formulation of foreign and domestic policy between the mid-1890s and early 1920s .
B. B. Lees ( born March 1931 ) was the seventh head football coach for Eastern New Mexico University in Portales , New Mexico and he held that position for three seasons , from 1964 until 1966 .
Composer Giorgis Koutsourelis was born at Kissamos , Crete in 1914 .
Paul Hoste ( 1652 - -1700 ) was a Jesuit priest and naval tactician who produced the first major work on naval tactics .
Catherine of Valois ( 27 October 1401 -- 3 January 1437 ) was the queen consort of England from 1420 until 1422 .
Tora Torbergsdatter ( born 1025 -- year of death unknown : fl . 1066 ) was a Norwegian royal consort .
Guillermo Iberio Ortiz Mayagoitia ( born 10 February 1941 ) is a Mexican jurist and former Supreme Court Justice .
Ryan Sharp ( born 29 April 1979 in Newtonhill , Scotland ) is a race car driver and team manager .
Manish Raisinghan ( born 22 July 1979 ) is an Indian television actor and model , having risen to popularity portraying Sameer in the television show Teen Bahuraniyaan .
William Sully Unwin ( born 1862 ) was an English clergyman and amateur rower .
Tomasz Marczyński ( born 6 March 1984 ) is a Polish champion road racing cyclist , who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team CCC - Sprandi - Polkowice .
Viktoriya Kravchenko ( Ukrainian : Вікторія Кравченко ) ( born 18 January 1979 ) is a Paralympian athlete from Ukraine competing mainly in category T37 sprint events .
Carl Bertil Myrsten ( 1 May 1920 -- 2000 ) was a Swedish director and ship - owner .
Hugh Dallas MBE ( born 26 October 1957 in Allanton , near Shotts ) is a Scottish former football referee .
Wim De Vocht ( born 29 April 1982 ) is a Belgian retired professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2004 and 2012 .
David Ullman ( born 1946 ) is an international yachtsman , sailboat racer , and sailmaker , winner of three 470 World Championships .
Steve Spill ( born Steven Spillman ; San Francisco , California ; 3 January 1955 ) is an American magician and founder of Magicopolis in Santa Monica , California .
Dorjee Sun ( born 1977 ) is a social entrepreneur and LGBT rights activist based in Singapore .
Emperor Gong of Western Wei ( ( 西)魏恭帝 ) ( 537 - -557 ) , personal name né Yuan Kuo ( 元廓 ) , later changed to Tuoba Kuo ( 拓拔廓 ) , was the last emperor of the Western Wei -- a branch successor state to Northern Wei .
Muljibhai Madhvani was born to Prabhudasbhai Madhvani and Laduma Madhvani in Ashiyapat in Ranavav Taluka of Porbandar , India on 18 May 1894 .
Thomas P. Campbell , PhD ( born 1962 ) , is the ninth director of The Metropolitan Museum of Art , the largest art museum in the Western Hemisphere .
Emma Hindle ( born 19 May 1975 ) is a British international equestrian .
Shero Rauf ( born 15 May 1979 ) is a Kurdish - Iraqi actor and stuntman .
Hal Fryar ( born 1927 ) is an actor and television personality .
Dody Dorn born 20 April 1955 ( sometimes credited as Dody J. Dorn ) is an American film and sound editor best known for working with director Christopher Nolan on several films including Memento .
Horace Viner ( 1880 -- June 1955 ) was a professional was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke .
Heath Ryan ( born 2 July 1958 ) is an Australian equestrian who represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing as part of the dressage team .
Ashlee Wells ( born 1 August 1989 in Moe , Victoria ) is an Australian field hockey player who plays as a goalkeeper .
Joan Pennington ( born c. 1960 ) is an American former competition swimmer who won one silver and two gold medals at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships .
Arthur Ruud ( 7 November 1905 -- 29 September 1974 ) was a Norwegian civil servant , trade unionist and sports official .
Karen Cook McNally ( 1940 -- December 20 , 2014 ) was an American seismologist .
Giacomo Ferri ( born 20 January 1959 ) is an Italian football manager and former player who currently serves as the team manager of Torino .
Terri Hooley ( born 23 December 1948 ) is a prominent figure in the Belfast punk scene and founder of the Good Vibrations record shop and label , responsible for bands such as The Undertones , Rudi , Protex and The Outcasts making their mark on the national music scene in Ireland and Britain .
William Henry Fellowes ( 15 July 1769 -- 23 August 1837 ) , of Ramsey Abbey in Huntingdonshire and Haverland Hall in Norfolk , was a British Member of Parliament .
Angus Wells ( 26 March 1943 -- 11 April 2006 ) was a British writer of genre fiction , including fantasy and westerns .
Hoppy Kamiyama ( born 1960 ) is a Japanese keyboardist and music producer who has worked with artists such as eX - Girl , The Pugs , Bradford Reed , Bill Laswell , Jan Linton , Marc Ribot , Hugh Hopper / Elton Dean and Damo Suzuki .
Yoga Lin ( Chinese : 林宥嘉 ; pinyin : Lín Yòujiā ) was born on 1 July 1987 .
Marcel Schirmer , born on 22 December 1966 , is a German heavy metal musician .
Zoran Dukić ( born 1969 Zagreb ) is a Croatian classical guitarist .
William Doppmann ( Louisville , Kentucky , 1933- January 27 , 2013 ) was an American concert pianist and composer .
Gjoko Zajkov ( Macedonian : Ѓоко Зајков ; born 10 February 1995 ) is a Macedonian professional football player , currently playing in club Charleroi .
Colonel William Montagu , 5th Duke of Manchester ( 21 October 1771 -- 18 March 1843 ) , styled Viscount Mandeville until 1783 , was a British peer , soldier , colonial administrator and politician .
Daphne Lorraine Gum MBE OA , ( born 24 January 1916 ) is an Australian pioneer in the care and education of children with cerebral palsy .
Mohammad - Ali Najafi ( Persian : محمدعلی نجفی‎ ; born 13 January 1952 ) is an Iranian university professor in mathematics and politician who held cabinet portfolios during the 1990s and 2010s .
Mulalo Doyoyo ( born 13 August 1970 ) is a South African engineer , inventor , and professor .
Aziz Lahbabi ( born 3 February 1991 , in Khenifra ) is a Moroccan long - distance runner .
Giles Kristian ( born 1975 ) is a bestselling novelist , known for his action adventure novels in the historical fiction genre .
Wasim Bari ( Urdu : وسیم باری ) ( born 23 March 1948 , Karachi , Sindh ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 81 Tests and 51 ODIs from 1967 to 1984 .
Francis Monkman ( born 9 June 1949 , in Hampstead , North London , England ) is an English rock , classical and film score composer , and a founding member of both the progressive rock band Curved Air and the classical / rock fusion band Sky .
Sidney Rosenthal ( 1907 - 1979 ) , from Richmond Hill , New York , is credited with inventing what is now known as a Magic Marker in 1953 .
Lee Geum - min ( Hangul : 이금민 , born 7 April 1994 ) is a South Korean football player for Seoul City and the South Korean national team .
Stefano Gabbana ( born 14 November 1962 ) is an Italian fashion designer and , along with Domenico Dolce , the co - founder of the Dolce & Gabbana luxury fashion house .
David McCreery ( born 16 September 1957 ) is a Northern Irish former international footballer who played professionally for Newcastle United and many other clubs during his long career .
Dame Gail Ronson , DBE ( born 3 July 1946 ) is a British charity fundraiser and the wife of businessman and criminal convict Gerald Ronson .
Davy Bisslik ( born 26 March 1982 in Savaneta , Aruba ) is an Olympic swimmer from Aruba .
Thérèse de Moëlien ( 1759 - 1793 ) was a French counter - revolutionary and agent during the French Revolution .
Edmund Hinkly ( 12 January 1817 at Benenden , Kent -- 8 December 1880 at Walworth , London ) was an English cricketer , best remembered for being the first man known to have taken all ten wickets in a first - class innings in an eleven - a - side game .
Maurizio Giuliano ( born 24 February 1975 ) is a British - Italian traveller , author and journalist .
Georgios Kostikos ( Greek : Γιώργος Κωστίκος ; born 26 April 1958 ) is a retired Greek footballer .
Krešimir Mišak ( born 1972 ) is a Croatian journalist , rock musician , science fiction author and promoter of conspiracy theories .
Jesse Calderón ( born 1970 ) is a well known show host from Puerto Rico .
Lisa Madden ( born 27 August 1992 ) is an Irish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Ireland 2014 and represented Ireland at the Miss Universe 2014 .
Davorin Dolar ( 1921 - -2005 ) was a Slovenian chemist at the University of Ljubljana .
Desy Ratnasari ( born 12 December 1973 ) is an Indonesian actress , singer and presenter .
Erna Bürger ( 26 July 1909 -- 26 June 1958 ) was a German gymnast .
Lydia Bilbrook ( 6 May 1888 -- 4 January 1990 ; sometimes credited as Bilbrooke ) was an English actress whose stage and film career spanned four decades .
Emilie Béatrice Epaye was born about 1956 and trained to be a teacher .
Mehmood Dhaulpuri was born on 23 March 1954 in Dhaulpur district in the India state of Rajasthan , in a family of musicians ; his grandfather , Buddha Khan , was a known Sarangi player .
Moshe Tamir ( Hebrew : משה טמיר‎ ; 1924 -- 13 November 2004 ) was a Russian - born , Israeli painter of the 20th century .
Blessed Edward Osbaldeston was an English martyr , born about 1560 .
Iva Pekárková ( born February 15 , 1963 ) is a Czechoslovakia - born author who started writing and publishing novels after moving to New York City .
Geoffrey D. Miller ( born c. 1949 ) is a retired United States Army Major General who commanded the US detention facilities at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba and Iraq .
Blossius Aemilius Dracontius ( c. 455 -- c. 505 ) of Carthage was a Christian poet who flourished in the latter part of the 5th century .
Faisal Bezzine ( Arabic : فيصل بالزين‎ ) ( born in Tunis in 1964 - ) is a Tunisian actor .
Anne Dunhill M.A. ( born 12 December 1946 ) is a novelist and Italian translator .
Paul Montauk ( 1922 - -1998 ) was an American communist and lifelong member of the Socialist Workers Party .
Vladimir Cora ( born 1951 , Acaponeta , Nayarit ) is a Mexican painter and sculptor based in the state of Nayarit , whose work has been recognized by various awards and membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana .
Ann May ( 1901 -- July 26 , 1985 ) was a silent film star who made motion pictures from ( 1919 - -1925 ) .
Steve Ma Jingtao ( born 14 February 1962 ) is a Taiwanese actor best known for acting in many Taiwanese , mainland Chinese and Singaporean television series since the early 1990s .
José Luis Astiazarán Iriondo ( born 31 October 1963 ) is a Spanish lawyer specializing in sport and commercial and civil law , and between 2005 and 2013 president of the Liga de Fútbol Profesional .
Charles Archibald Chubb , 2nd Baron Hayter ( 11 November 1871 - -3 March 1967 ) was a British businessman .
Chan Ming Tai ( born 30 January 1995 ) is an athlete from Hong Kong specialising in the long jump .
Joris Luyendijk ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈjoːrɪs ˈlœyənˌdɛik ) ; born 30 December 1971 ) is a Dutch non - fiction author , news correspondent , and talk show host .
Marie - Marthe - Baptistine Tamisier ( 1 November 1834 in Tours -- 20 June 1910 in Tours ) was the lay organiser of a number of International Eucharistic Congresses in the last quarter of the 19th century .
Dina Wein Reis ( born 1964 ) is an American businesswoman and admitted con artist .
Stephen Rees is a lawn bowler and indoor bowler born on 13 February 1960 .
Martina Milburn CBE ( born 1957 ) is the Chief Executive of The Prince 's Trust .
Isabel Rogé Tartarini ( born 1963 ) is an Andorran ski mountaineer .
Seán O'Hegarty ( 21 March 1881 -- 31 May 1963 ) was a prominent member of the Irish Republican Army in County Cork during the Irish War of Independence .
Jan Weincke ( 30 April 1945 ) is a Danish cinematographer .
Laima Bernatavičiūtė ( born 12 April 1985 in Kaunas ) is a Lithuanian handballer who is currently plays for CB Mar Alicante and also member of the Lithuanian national team .
Darinko Kosor ( born March 14 , 1965 ) is the head of the Croatian Social Liberal Party since November 2009 .
Roland Reid ( born 13 September 1978 in Middelberg , South Africa ) is a South African born Scottish rugby union footballer who played for Glasgow Warriors and Scotland .
Edmund Estephane ( born 1968 ) is a Saint Lucian politician who represents the constituency of Dennery South for the United Workers Party .
Tsang Kin - shing ( Chinese : 曾健成 ) nicknamed The Bull ( Chinese : 阿牛 ) was born 1957 in Hong Kong .
Iris Krasnow ( born 1954 ) is an American author , journalism professor , and keynote speaker who specializes in relationships and personal growth .
Angie Bonino ( born 1974 , in Lima ) ia an artist and graphic designer .
Ted Hopf ( born 1959 ) is an American academic and a leading figure in constructivism in international relations theory .
Stephen Crow ( born 1965 in Hadlow , Kent ) ( also known as Stephen J. Crow , Steve Crow , and Steve J. Crow ) is a game programmer who worked in the 1980s on the ZX Spectrum platform , programming for companies such as Hewson Consultants and Bubble Bus Software .
Juan Balboa Boneke ( 9 June 1938 -- 10 March 2014 ) was an Equatorial Guinean politician and writer .
Munkhzaya Bayartsogt ( Mongolian : Баярцогтын Мөнхзаяа ; born 10 October 1993 ) is a Mongolian long - distance runner .
Izaia Perese ( born 17 May 1997 ) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a centre or outside back for the Queensland Reds in the international Super Rugby competition .
Jean Pond Miner Coburn ( 1866 - 1967 ) American sculptor born in Menasha , Wisconsin .
Li Huasheng ( Simplified Chinese : 李华生 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Lǐ Huáshēng ) ( 1944 - ) is a Chinese artist from Yibin in Sichuan province .
Thomas Frazer ( 1821 - 1904 ) was an American mason known for his work in Beaver , Utah .
John Warren Butterfield ( 1801 - -1869 ) was an operator of stagecoach and freight lines in the mid-19th century in the American Northeast and Southwest .
Levine Andrade ( /ˈændrəd/ ; AN - drəd ; born 1954 ) is an Indian born British musician ( violin & viola ) , producer and conductor .
Carita Järvinen ( born 20 May 1943 , Sipoo ) , is a Finnish - born retired fashion model .
Juan Manuel Sucre Figarella ( 1925 - 1996 ) , was a Venezuelan Army Brigadier General who served as Chief of Staff of the Venezuelan army in the 1970s during the administration of President Rafael Caldera .
Joaquin Zihuatanejo ( born 1971 in Dallas , Texas ) is an award - winning American slam poet and teacher .
Daniel C. Carpenter ( 1815 -- November 15 , 1866 ) was an American law enforcement officer and police inspector of the New York Police Department .
Erman Öncü ( born 13 October 1976 ) is a Turkish professor and vice - chair of Physical Education and Sports Psychology at the Karadeniz Technical University , School of Physical Education and Sports .
Jayden Schofield ( born 14 May 1992 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) for the Western Bulldogs .
François Dambourgès ( 1742 -- December 13 , 1798 ) was a businessman , militia officer and political figure in Lower Canada .
Paul Danan ( born 1978 in London ) is a British actor who played Sol Patrick in the English teen soap opera Hollyoaks between 1997 and 2001 .
Carolus Niellius ( Charles de Nielles ) ( 1576 -- 1652 ) was a Dutch Remonstrant minister .
Alan Stokes ( 19 January 1981 ) is a British professional surfer and surf model from Newquay , Cornwall .
Princess Kemeria Abajobir Abajifar ( born 19 June 1972 ) is an Ethiopian royal personality .
Yao Zongxun ( Simplified Chinese : 姚宗勋 ; Traditional Chinese : 姚宗勛 ; Pinyin : Yáo Zōngxūn ; 1917 - -1985 ) was the formal successor of Wang Xiangzhai , founder of the martial art Yiquan Father of Yao Chengguang and Yao Chengrong both currently teaching in Beijing , China .
David Arthur Wales , a.k.a . David Wales or David Art Wales ( born 6 February 1964 , Sydney ) is an Australian entrepreneur and artist best known for creating satirical cult figure Guru Adrian .
Kate Garven ( born 18 February 1986 ) is an Australian actress best known as Jade Sutherland on the television series Home and Away , playing the role from 2000 to 2004 .
Travis Edmonds ( born 9 February 1971 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Swan Districts Football Club in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Piluoge ( 皮羅閣 ; 697 - 748 ) is recorded as having established Nanzhao kingdom in what is now Yunnan , southwest China .
Ola Magnell ( born in Kalmar on 20 January 1946 ) is a Swedish pop - rock singer and guitarist .
Sabine Kahle ( born 25 June 1959 in Meiningen ) is a retired German swimmer who won two silver medals in medley events at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships .
Ellen Lee Geck Hoon ( Chinese : 李玉云 ; born 13 April 1957 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Rosa Pisano , best known as Rosita Pisano ( 15 October 1919 -- 24 December 1975 ) was an Italian stage , film and television actress .
Kristenn Einarsson ( born 16 June 1950 ) is an Icelandic - Norwegian publisher .
Gustaf Adolf Arell ( 26 May 1886 -- ? ? ) was a Swedish missionary and linguist .
Tim Weisberg ( born 1943 in Hollywood , California ) is an American jazz / rock fusion flautist , composer , producer , and vocalist .
Vasyl Ishchak ( Ukrainian : Василь Євгенович Іщак ; born 5 April 1955 in Dubie ) is a retired Ukrainian professional footballer and current football coach .
Jack Winerock ( born 1945 ) is a Professor of Piano in the Department of Music and Dance in the School of Fine Arts at the University of Kansas , USA .
Rod Lester - Smith ( born 18 July 1959 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with East Fremantle in the West Australian Football League , as well as Hawthorn and the Brisbane Bears in the VFL / AFL .
Erik Haag ( born 28 August 1967 ) is a Swedish television presenter who hosted one of the semifinals of Melodifestivalen 2005 and Historieätarna both on SVT .
Pierre Gassendi ( French : ( gasɑ̃di ) ; also Pierre Gassend , Petrus Gassendi ; 22 January 1592 -- 24 October 1655 ) was a French philosopher , priest , scientist , astronomer , and mathematician .
Marcus Thompson ( born 1946 ) is a violist and viola d'amore player known for his work as a recitalist , orchestral soloist , chamber musician , recording artist and educator .
Shane Morwood ( born 1 December 1961 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL / AFL .
Carsten Herrmann - Pillath ( born 24 February 1959 in Dessau , Saxony - Anhalt ) is a German economist and sinologist .
Lawrence Riley ( 1896 - -1974 ) was a successful American playwright and screenwriter .
Valentina Dimitrova Radinska ( Bulgarian : Валентина Димитрова Радинска ) ( born 1951 in Slivеn ) is a Bulgarian poet .
Numa François Gillet ( born 1868 , Bordeaux ) was a French painter who was a member of the Salon des Artistes Français where he exhibited hors concours , he was also made a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur .
Richard Lietz ( born 17 December 1983 ) is an Austrian professional racing driver .
Jean Joseph Bott ( 9 March 1826 -- 28 April 1895 ) was a German violinist and composer who emigrated to the United States late in his life .
Stewart Cochrane ( born 18 April 1963 in Dumfries ) is a Scottish professional footballer who played for home town club Queen of the South .
Irina Walker ( born Princess Irina of Romania and former Princess of Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen , 28 February 1953 ) is the third daughter of former King Michael I of Romania and his wife Queen Anne .
Drew McCreadie , born 1967 , is a Vancouver , British Columbia - based actor , playwright and improvisor .
Norman Perryman was born in Birmingham , England in 1933 , was educated at the Worcester Royal Grammar School , and studied painting and art education at the Birmingham College of Art and Crafts , graduating with Honours in 1954 .
Magalí Romitelli ( born 1987 ) was the contestant from Argentina in the Miss Universe 2006 pageant .
Francis Grier ( born 1955 ) is an English choral and vocal classical composer and psychoanalyst .
Don Gonyea ( /ˈɡɒnjeɪ/ ; born 1956 ) is an American journalist .
Anders Johan Lexell ( 24 December 1740 -- 11 December ( O.S. 30 November ) 1784 ) was a Finnish - Swedish astronomer , mathematician , and physicist who spent most of his life in Russia , where he is known as Andrei Ivanovich Leksel ( Андрей Иванович Лексель ) .
Ritu Lalit ( born 1964 ) is an Indian novelist , short story writer , and blogger based in Faridabad , India , noted for writing fiction and mostly of the fantasy and thriller genre .
Boris Ackers ( born 28 October 1982 ) is a German ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Hannover Indians of the Oberliga .
Carleen Anderson ( born 10 May 1957 ) is an American soul singer , who has had success in the United Kingdom .
Ton Pattinama ( born 30 July 1956 , Rotterdam ) is a retired Dutch footballer who played for Excelsior , FC Den Bosch , FC Utrecht , Heracles Almelo and ADO Den Haag .
Bahrain , the neighborhood of the simple and the deprived , Majeed Marhoon was born on the hot afternoon of 17 August 1945 .
Benjamin Staern , born 6 December 1978 in Gothenburg , Swedish composer .
Lorenz Christoph Mizler von Kolof ( also known as Wawrzyniec Mitzler de Kolof and Mitzler de Koloff ; 26 July 1711 -- 8 May 1778 ) was a German physician , historian , printer , mathematician , Baroque music composer , and precursor of the Polish Enlightenment .
Dzmitry Salei ( born on 3 November 1989 ) is a visually impaired Belarusian Paralympic swimmer who in 2014 switched national teams to Azerbaijan .
Li Shaogeng ( simplified Chinese : 李绍庚 ; traditional Chinese : 李紹庚 ; pinyin : Lǐ Shàogēng ; Hepburn : Ri Shōkō ; b. 1896 ) , was a politician in the early Republic of China who subsequently served in a number of Cabinet posts of the Empire of Manchukuo .
Simon Pasternak ( born 1971 ) is a Danish author and publisher .
John W. Colloton ( born 1931 in Mason City , Iowa ) was the Director and CEO for the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics from 1971 to 1993 .
Justin Va'a ( born on 26 July 1978 Wainuiomata , New Zealand ) was a prop for the Samoan national rugby team and the Scottish club Glasgow Warriors in the Celtic League .
Emanuele Nordi ( born 23 April 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for alessandria .
Jeffrey J. Miller ( born 1961 ) is an American author and historian , best known for his work focusing on the history of professional football .
Zoe French born 4 May 1986 is a British model and television presenter .
Nikos Nikolaou ( Greek : Νίκος Νικολάου ) ( 1909 - -1986 ) was a major figure in Greek art during the 20th century .
Stephen Rose Gilkyson ( 1832 -- 1892 ) was a Union Army officer that served in the Army of the Potomac during the American Civil War .
Božo Petrov ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ˌbǒːʒo ˈpětroʋ ) ) ( born 16 October 1979 ) is a Croatian politician and psychiatrist who serves as Deputy Prime Minister in the Cabinet of Tihomir Orešković since 22 January 2016 .
Li Jingtian ( Chinese : 李景田 ; born January 1948 ) is a Chinese politician of Manchu heritage .
Lynne Ramsay ( born 5 December 1969 ) is a Scottish film director , writer , producer , and cinematographer best known for the feature films Ratcatcher , Morvern Callar and We Need to Talk about Kevin .
Stephen Sama ( born 5 March 1993 ) is a Cameroon born German footballer ; receiving his German citizenship in 2009 .
Jean - Pierre Lévy ( born 1935 ) is a French lawyer , author and diplomat .
Janice Moore Fuller ( born 1951 ) is an American poet and playwright , currently Writer - In - Residence and Professor of English at Catawba College , in Salisbury , NC .
Henri Belolo ( born November 1936 ) is a French music producer active during the disco era .
Annmarie Morais ( born 1973 in Jamaica ) is a Jamaican - Canadian screenwriter best known for writing the film How She Move .
Luo Shugang ( Chinese : 雒树刚 ; born May 1955 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
James Thie ( born 27 June 1978 ) is a Welsh middle - distance runner specialising in the 1500 metres .
Evelin Talts ( née Evelin Kärner ; born 18 June 1977 ) is an Estonian long - distance runner .
John Stafford Carson ( born 29 May 1951 ) is a former Moderator of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland from 2009 to 2010 , when he was replaced by his successor Dr Norman Hamilton .
Thato Batshegi ( born 27 April 1988 ) is an Olympic boxer from Botswana .
William Knox D'Arcy ( 11 October 1849 -- 1 May 1917 ) was one of the principal founders of the oil and petrochemical industry in Persia ( Iran ) .
Murray Foy ( 1935 - -1998 ) was an Australian teacher , actor , and theatre director .
Amadou Scattred Janneh ( born 17 September 1962 ) is a Gambian politician with Gambian and American dual citizenship .
Hendry Wijaya ( born 1974 ) is an Indonesian born pianist and piano teacher .
Laura Camaur ( 5 January 1913 -- 13 September 1984 ) , known by the stage name Laura Solari , was an Italian film actress .
Elvira Abdić - Jelenović ( born 7 September 1967 ) is a Bosnian politician and Croat representative in the House of Peoples of the Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lucien Dubois ( 30 April 1893 -- 8 November 1948 ) was a Liberal party and Independent Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Andrew Hastings Doyle ( c 1774 - -1841 ) was an Irish painter , engraver and farmer .
Ntone Edjabe ( born 1970 ) is a Cameroonian writer , journalist , DJ and founding editor of Chimurenga magazine .
Martin Waller ( born 27 March 1957 ) is a financial journalist and columnist for The Times .
Steinunn Sveinsdóttir ( 1767 - -1805 ) , was one of the most well known murderers in the history of Iceland alongside Bjarni Bjarnason ( 1761 - 1805 ) .
Valentin Inzko ( born 22 May 1949 ) is an Austrian diplomat of Carinthian Slovene origin .
Dawn Averitt ( born 1968 ) is an American HIV / AIDS treatment policy advocate and activist .
Hoàng Thị Tuân ( born 13 May 1965 ) is a representative in the Twelfth Việtnamese National Assembly .
Man Mohan Sinha was born on 8 January 1933 at Bhubaneswar , Bihar and Orissa Province , British India .
Rowley Douglas ( born 27 January 1977 ) is a coxswain and Olympic champion for Great Britain .
Yvonne Godard ( born 3 March 1908 ) is a French swimmer who won a gold and a bronze medal at the 1931 European Championships in the 100 m and 400 m freestyle .
Heino Kurvet ( born 12 September 1941 in Mõisaküla ) is an Estonian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1970s for the Soviet Union .
Jin Yilian ( Chinese : 金怡濂 ; pinyin : Jīn Yílián ; born September , 1929 ) is a Chinese computer scientist , and a pioneer of Chinese super - computation field .
Fairfax Gill ( 3 September 1883 -- 1 November 1917 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played two matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1906 .
Pathmini Sithamparanathan ( Tamil : பத்மினி சிதம்பரநாதன் ; born 26 July 1954 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament .
Nikola Malbaša ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Малбаша ; born 12 September 1977 ) is a Serbian former international footballer .
Şenol Güneş ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈʃenoɫ ˈɟyneʃ ) , born 1 June 1952 ) is a Turkish football manager , former player and the current manager of Beşiktaş J.K. His biggest accomplishment to date is coaching the Turkish team that won the third place in the 2002 World Cup .
Lee Eon ( 5 February 1981 -- 21 August 2008 ) was a South Korean actor and model .
Jacqueline Simpson ( born 1930 ) is a British researcher and author on folklore and legends .
Harry Bidwell Ansted ( 1893 - 1955 ) was a United States Army officer , pastor and educator , and the first president of Seoul National University .
Per Fugelli ( born 7 December 1943 , in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian physician and professor of medicine .
Prince Dasho Jigyel Ugyen Wangchuck ( born 16 July 1984 ) was the heir presumptive to the throne of Bhutan until 5 February 2016 , when his nephew , his brother Jigme Khesar Namgyal Wangchuck 's first son , was born .
John Eugene ( born 16 August 1970 ) is a former Saint Lucian cricketer who played for the Windward Islands and several other teams in West Indian domestic cricket .
Sir James Ramsay ( 1589 -- 11 March 1638 ) , known as `` Black Ramsay '' , was a Scottish soldier in the Swedish service .
Douglas Paulson ( born 1980 in Pennsylvania ) is an artist based in New York City .
William de Berkeley , 1st Marquess of Berkeley ( 1426 -- 14 February 1492 ) was an English peer , given the epithet `` The Waste - All '' by the family biographer and steward John Smyth of Nibley .
Florence Ekpo - Umoh ( born 27 December 1977 in Lagos ) is a Nigerian - German sprinter , who specializes in the 400 m.
Raymond Charles Barker ( 1911 - -January 29 , 1988 ) was a leader and author in the New Thought spiritual movement .
Sir Geoffrey Holland , KCB ( born 9 May 1938 ) is a career civil servant who became Vice - Chancellor of the University of Exeter from 1994 to 2002 , when he was succeeded by Professor Steve Smith .
Iain Lee ( born Iain Lee Rougvie ; 9 June 1973 ) is an English comedian and broadcaster .
Zoe Birkett ( born 16 June 1985 , Consett , County Durham , England ) is an English singer .
Tony Mangan ( born 20 April 1957 in Dublin ) is an ultra distance runner from Ireland .
Prakash Singh Dadwal ( Hindi : प्रकाश सिंह डडवाल ) ( born 6 September 1993 in Sanyas , Tehsil Paddar , in the Kishtwar District of Jammu and Kashmir , India ) , is a student leader .
Amrik Singh Cheema was born on 1 December 1918 at Badhai Cheema village in Sialkot district ( presently in Pakistan ) in the British India .
Donald Dowd ( 1923 - -2010 ) was a long - time campaign aide to the Kennedy family , including Senator Ted Kennedy .
Kelly Meighen , née Dillon ( born 8 November 1949 ) is the wife of retired Senator Michael Meighen .
Moses Schneider ( born 1966 as Andreas Schneider ) is a successful German rock music producer , known for his work with Tocotronic and Beatsteaks .
Oscar D'Agostino ( 29 August 1901 -- 16 March 1975 ) was an Italian chemist and one of the so - called Via Panisperna boys , the group of young scientists led by Enrico Fermi : all of them were physicists , except for D'Agostino , who was a chemist .
Angelo Tsakopoulos ( born 1936 ) is a prominent real estate developer in Sacramento , California and the founder and owner of AKT Development .
Christilot Hanson - Boylen ( born 12 April 1947 in Djakarta , Indonesia ) , is a Canadian equestrian who competed as a member of the Canadian Equestrian Team in Dressage at six Olympics ( 1964 , 1968 , 1972 , 1976 , 1984 , and 1992 ) .
Janika Fabrikant , a French - Swiss painter of urban and industrial landscapes , was born in Paris , France , in 1934 .
Peter Owen - Jones ( born 1957 ) is an English Anglican clergyman , author and television presenter .
Olga Glok ( Russian : Ольга Глок ; born 16 December 1982 ) is a Russian long - distance runner who competes in marathon races .
Nikolaj Lie Kaas ( born 22 May 1973 ) is a prominent Danish actor whose career rose in the 1990s and who is still actively working today .
Ryley Dunn ( born 7 October 1985 ) is a former midfielder or defender for the Fremantle Football Club .
Erich Andres ( b. 1905 Leipzig , d. 1992 Hamburg ) was a German war photographer and photojournalist .
Hilton Obenzinger ( born 1947 Brooklyn ) is an American novelist , poet , history and criticism writer .
Frederica Maclean Rowan ( 22 April 1814 -- 23 October 1882 ) was an British author and translator .
Will Kay ( born 28 April 1984 , in Middlesbrough , England ) is a rugby union player .
Michael R. Krätke ( born 1950 ) is professor for political economy at Lancaster University , and editor of the German scholarly journal SPW --
Antti Ilmari Hakala ( born 1978 ) , professionally known as Nopsajalka , is a Finnish musician and producer .
Dr. John Wesley Raley ( 1903 - -1968 ) was an author , president of Oklahoma Baptist University for 27 years , a member of the Oklahoma Hall of Fame and of the Oklahoma Higher Education Hall of Fame .
Dionysis Makris ( Greek : Διονύσης Μακρής ) born 5 February 1982 as Dionysis Syntrivanis ) is a popular Greek singer , of laiko music .
Angus John Mackintosh Stewart ( 22 November 1936 -- 14 July 1998 ) was a British writer , best known for his novel Sandel .
Gun - Marie Fredriksson , known as Marie Fredriksson ( born 30 May 1958 ) is a Swedish pop singer - songwriter and pianist , best known for forming one half of the pop rock duo Roxette , which she created together with Per Gessle in 1986 .
Gabriel Armando de Abreu ( born 26 November 1990 ) , known as Gabriel Paulista or simply Gabriel , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for English club Arsenal .
Tommaso Inghirami ( 1470 - -5/6 September 1516 ) ( also known as Phaedra , Phaedrus , or Fedra ) was a Renaissance humanist and a deacon of the Catholic Church .
Jan Vermeer van Haarlem , or Jan van der Meer II ( 1656 -- May 28 , 1705 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter from Haarlem .
Bobbie Houston ( born 16 January 1957 ) is a Pentecostal pastor in the Australian Christian Churches .
John Frederick Lampe ( born Johann Friedrich Lampe ; probably 1703 -- 25 July 1751 ) was a musician .
Francesco Facchinetti was born in Milan on 2 May 1980 , to Italian singer Roby Facchinetti , better known as a member of the pop band Pooh , and Rosaria Longoni .
Terumi Asoshina ( 阿蘇品照美 ; born 2 August 1982 ) is a Japanese long - distance runner who specializes in the half marathon .
John Cheruiyot Korir ( born 13 December 1981 ) is a Kenyan athlete who specializes in long - distance running .
Bill Padley is a Scottish born March 1961 , award winning record producer and songwriter .
Henry Glapthorne ( 28 July 1610 ( baptised ) -- c.1643 ) was a Caroline era dramatist .
Frank Raguse ( born 1887 ) was a German - born Socialist politician from Milwaukee who served in the Wisconsin State Senate .
Thomas Forbes ( 30 November 1900 -- 31 January 1988 ) was an English poet and painter .
Bridget O'Connor ( 18 January 1961 -- 22 September 2010 ) was a BAFTA - winning author , playwright and screenwriter .
Jean - Paul Turcaud ( 1940 ? - ) is a French mining pioneer , and one of many claimants to the discovery of the Telfer Mine in Western Australia , for a time Australia 's largest gold mine .
Jeffrey Goldstone ( born 3 September 1933 ) is a British theoretical physicist and an emeritus physics faculty member at the MIT Center for Theoretical Physics .
William J. R. Curtis ( born 21 March 1948 , in Birchington , Kent , England ) is an architectural historian whose writings have focused on twentieth century architecture .
Adrien - François Servais ( 6 June 1807 -- 26 November 1866 ) was one of the most influential cellists of the nineteenth century .
Hung Tzu - yung ( Chinese : 洪慈庸 ; pinyin : Hóng Cíyōng , born 20 December 1982 ) is a Taiwanese politician .
Kurniaty Kamalia ( born 7 December 1981 ) , better known as Titi Kamal , is an Indonesian actress and singer .
Andrei Hodorogea ( 1878 , Slobozia - Hodorogea - 20 August 1917 , Chişinău ) was a politician from Bessarabia .
Kewal Dheer ( born on 5 October 1938 ) is an Indian writer and author .
Faye McClelland ( born 3 November 1979 in Ruislip , London ) is a British Triathlete , competing in Paratriathlon events worldwide , in PT4 category for the Great Britain team .
Edoardo Pacini ( born 4 August 1991 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian four division club Teramo , on loan from Parma .
Peter Le Neve ( 21 January 1661 -- 24 September 1729 ) was an English herald and antiquary .
Sharon Marshall ( born 21 September 1971 ) is a British entertainment journalist best known for being the resident `` Soap Expert '' since 2003 on ITV 's This Morning .
Erik Marcisak ( pronounced `` Mar - See - Sack '' ) ( born March 17 , 1978 in Queens , NY ) , is an American writer , sketch comedy producer , actor and VIP customer of David Gagnon taxi , based in Charlottetown , PEI .
Marc Drogin ( born 1936 in New York City ) is an American writer and illustrator .
Marcelo Tejada ( 1952 ) is an Ecuadorian master painter of landscapes , human figures , marines , flowers , faces , collages and abstract objects .
William R. Newman ( born March 13 , 1955 ) is Distinguished Professor and Ruth N. Halls Professor in the Department of History and Philosophy of Science at Indiana University .
Pablo Trapero ( Born 4 October 1971 ) is an Argentine film producer , editor and director .
Sara Hayes born 1982 in Cork is a camogie player , and laboratory analyst , winner of All Ireland camogie medals in 2002 , 2008 and 2009 , in which year she got married between the All Ireland semi - final and final .
Kathleen C. Taylor ( born 1942 ) is a chemist who won the Garvan--
Giacomo Maria Airoli ( 1660 -- March 27 , 1721 ) was a Jesuit Orientalist and Scriptural commentator .
Horst Gnas ( born 3 September 1941 ) is a retired German cyclist who speclialized in motor - paced racing .
Barry McElduff ( Irish : Barra Mac Giolla Duibh , born 16 August 1966 ) is an Irish politician .
Manuel Octavio Bermúdez Estrada , a.k.a . `` El Monstruo de los Cañaduzales '' ( The Monster of the Cane Fields ) ( born 1961 ) is a Colombian rapist and serial killer .
Sim Ann ( Chinese : 沈颖 ; pinyin : Shěn Yǐng ; born 12 March 1975 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Marçal Justen Filho ( 1955 ) is a Brazilian attorney and Law professor .
Claire Lomas ( born 28 April 1980 ) became a paraplegic as a result of a riding accident in 2007 .
Peter Waals ( 30 January 1870 -- May 1937 ) , born Pieter van der Waals , was a Dutch cabinet maker associated with the Arts and Crafts movement .
Sebastian Lotzer ( born 1490 ) was a Memmingen journeyman furrier and scribe to the Baltringer Haufen , a peasant army during the German Peasants ' War .
Louis Sarno ( born 1954 in Newark , New Jersey ) is an American musicologist and author .
Derek McWilliams ( born 16 January 1966 in Broxburn ) is a Scottish footballer , who played for Hibernian , Broxburn Athletic , Dundee , Stirling Albion , Falkirk , Dunfermline Athletic , Partick Thistle , Clydebank , East Stirlingshire , East Fife and Airdrieonians .
Mike LeRoy ( Born Michael Robinson - Learoyd 18 March 1937 ) is a writer and singer .
William Malim ( 1533 - -1594 ) was an English academic , schoolmaster and Neo - Latin author .
Billy Wilkinson ( born 4 April 1951 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dumbarton and Alloa Athletic .
Jacques , Hereditary Prince of Monaco ( Jacques Honoré Rainier Grimaldi ; born 10 December 2014 ) , is the heir apparent to the Monegasque throne .
Antoni Milkowski ( born 1935 -- died 2001 ) was an American minimalist sculptor .
Walter Ludescher ( 5 October 1942 ) is an Austrian retired footballer and coach .
Margaret Chilla Bulbeck ( born 1951 ) was the emeritus professor of women 's studies at Adelaide University from 1997 until 2008 , and has published widely on issues of gender and difference .
Findlay Napier , ( born November 1978 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a Scottish musician , guitarist and songwriter .
Tricia Middleton ( born 1972 ) is an installation artist based in Montreal , Quebec .
Hubert Auer ( born 19 December 1981 ) is an Austrian retired footballer and current goalkeeping coach .
Filippo Decio or Decius ( 1454 -- c. 1535 ) was an Italian jurist whose services were courted by European universities and rulers .
Arend Jan Boekestijn ( 27 September 1959 , Amstelveen ) is a Dutch politician , who was a member of the Dutch House of Representatives from 30 November 2006 through 18 November 2009 .
James Deahl ( born 1945 ) is a Canadian poet and publisher .
Elias Carter ( 1781 - 1864 ) was an American architect whose first church design , at Brimfield , was completed in 1805 .
Colleen J. McElroy ( born October 31 , 1935 St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American poet , short story writer , editor , memoirist .
Barbara Budd ( born 1953 ) is a Canadian actress , narrator and radio announcer .
Thomas Nadauld Brushfield ( 1828 - -1910 ) was an English alienist and antiquarian .
Robert Scharfe was born on 26 November 1953 and is the Chief Executive Officer of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ( Bourse de Luxembourg ) , a post he has held since 18 April 2012 .
Stuart Sankey ( December 31 , 1927 -- May 1 , 2000 ) was a pedagogue of the double bass .
Alfred Earl ( 19 March 1903 -- 17 August 1951 ) was an English footballer who played as a right - back .
Audley Gillespie - Jones ( 1 July 1914 -- 7 May 2000 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Semple ( born 26 November 1861 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a left back .
Heinz Dieterich or Heinz Dieterich Steffan ( born 1943 ) is a German sociologist and a political analyst residing in Mexico .
Rita Medrano Muñoz ( born 26 January 1990 ) is a Mexican competition swimmer .
Bert Cochran ( December 25 , 1913 ? -- June 6 , 1984 ) was an American Communist politician and author .
Nahed Yousri ( Arabic : ناهد يسري ) , also romanised as Nahied Yousri ( 6 February 1949 - ) is an Egyptian actress .
Corbett O'Toole ( born 1951 ) is a disability rights activist .
Lewis Costello ( born 7 February 1993 ) is an English comedian , writer , and actor .
Cai Qian ( 1761 - -1809 ) ( Chinese : 蔡牽 ; pinyin : Cài Qiān ) was a Chinese sea merchant , considered by some a pirate during the Qing Dynasty era .
Dr. Stuart Tyson Smith , Ph.D. , ( born 1960 ) is an Egyptologist best known for his reconstruction of the ancient Egyptian language for the films Stargate and The Mummy .
Fábio Flor de Azevedo ( born 16 January 1981 ) also known simply as Fabio Flor , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender .
Jacques Clarion ( 12 October 1779 in Saint - Pons , Alpes - de - Haute - Provence -- 28 September 1844 in Garches ) was a French physician , pharmacist and botanist .
Boris Smeds ( born 16 October 1944 ) is a Swedish radio engineer and European Space Agency employee , noted for detecting a flaw in Cassini - Huygens space mission .
Chizuko Judy Sugita de Queiroz ( born 1933 ) is an American artist and art educator ; her paintings depict her memories of a childhood during the Japanese American internment .
David Clayton - Thomas ( born David Henry Thomsett ; 13 September 1941 ) is a Grammy Award - winning Canadian musician , singer and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist for the American band Blood , Sweat & Tears .
Santiago Arias Naranjo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sanˈtjaɣo ˈaɾjas ) ; born 13 January 1992 ) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a right back for Dutch club PSV Eindhoven in the Eredivisie .
Fernando Martínez Perales ( born 21 May 1967 ) , commonly known as Nando , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back , and the current assistant manager of Armenian club FC Banants .
Manuel Díaz Rodríguez ( 28 February 1871 in Chacao , Miranda state -- 24 August 1927 in New York City ) , was a Venezuelan writer , journalist , physician , diplomat and politician .
Jann Mardenborough ( born 9 September 1991 ) is a British professional racing driver currently competing for Nissan NISMO in LMP1 class in the FIA World Endurance Championship and Carlin in the 2015 GP3 Series season .
Joseph Franz von Goez ( born 28 February 1754 , Sibiu , Romania ) was a lawyer , artist , illustrator and portraitist active in Vienna in the mid-18th century .
Johann Lesinski ( 1904 - -63 ) was the first and -to date- only bishop of Tingzhou , in the Ecclesiastical province of Fuzhou .
Edward J. Sullivan ( 1921 -- July 24 , 2007 ) was clerk of courts for Middlesex County , Massachusetts and mayor of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Ffred Ffransis ( born Frederick Sefton Francis , 14 June 1948 ) , is a prominent member of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg ( The Welsh Language Society ) .
Beth Lipman ( born 1971 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a contemporary artist working in glass .
Girma Ashenafi ( Amharic : ግርማ አሸናፊ ; born 28 July 1982 ) is an Ethiopian footballer .
Svetlana Pesotskaya ( born 9 January 1975 ) is a television reporter in Moscow who gained international attention for her practice of stripping during newscasts .
Pope Hormisdas ( 450 -- 6 August 523 ) was Pope from 20 July 514 to his death in 523 .
Ardalan Shekarabi ( Persian : اردلان شکرآبی‎‎ ; born 28 November 1978 ) is a Swedish politician and former chairman .
Ricky Gardiner ( born 1948 , Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a guitarist and composer .
Ron McKeown ( born 10 May 1967 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Zoe van der Weel ( born 14 November 1990 ) is a British - Norwegian handball player .
Francis Blomefield ( 23 July 1705 -- 16 January 1752 ) was an English antiquary , who projected a county history of Norfolk .
Witold Giersz ( born 26 February 1927 in Poraj , near Częstochowa ) is a Polish animator .
Sayed Hussein Ali Bamyani ( born 18 December 1951 ) , was the 1st Afghanistan 's Young Justice Party leader ( anti - Taliban ) , and he was leader of the Hazara tribe in Bamyan .
Anthony New ( 1747 -- March 2 , 1833 ) was an 18th - century and 19th - century congressman and lawyer from Virginia and Kentucky .
Geoff Cox ( born 13 March 1951 in St Kilda , Victoria ) is an Australian musician and media personality .
Sir Henry Crispe ( by 1505 - 75 ) was an English landowner and politician .
Mariana Mihajlović ( born 1990 in Plavnica , Montenegro ) is Montenegrin beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Montenegro 2008 and represented her country in Miss World 2008 in South Africa .
Abdolhamid Rigi ( Persian : عبدالحمید ریگی‎ ) ( also spelt Abdul - hamid Rigi or Abdulhamid Rigi ) ( c. 1979 -- May 24 , 2010 ) was the elder brother of the detained leader of Jundallah , Abdolmalek Rigi .
Thomas D. O'Brien ( 14 February 1859 -- 3 September 1935 ) was an American lawyer , judge , and academic from Minnesota .
Aristizza Romanescu ( 1854 - -1918 ) was a Romanian stage actress , active 1872 - -1918 .
Francis Hardy ( 1751 - -1812 ) was an Irish barrister , politician and biographer .
Cresswell Shearer , FRS ( 24 May 1874 -- 6 February 1941 ) , was a British zoologist who worked on echinoids .
Nicholas Bain ( 1824 -- December 15 , 1854 ) , also known as Beheehan or Behan , was a farmworker responsible for a notorious murder in Long Island in 1854 .
Ioannis Hatzisarantos ( Greek : Ιωάννης Χατζησαράντος ; born 21 January 1948 ) is a Greek fencer .
Yoo Dae - hyun ( Hangul : 유대현 ; born 28 February 1990 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as full back for Bucheon FC in K League Challenge .
John Lingwood ( born 17 February 1951 , Wembley , London , England ) is an English drummer and songwriter .
Nic Dalton ( born 14 November 1964 ) is an Australian musician , best known as the bass guitarist for American band The Lemonheads at the height of their popularity .
Leidulv Risan ( born 1948 ) is a Norwegian screenwriter , film director and professor at The Norwegian Filmschool at Lillehammer .
Allan Sparrow ( 1944 -- April 30 , 2008 ) was a Canadian political activist and long standing city councillor in Toronto .
James Cosmo ( born 24 May 1948 ) is a Scottish actor known for his appearances in films such as Highlander , Braveheart , The Chronicles of Narnia :
Thomas Knox , 1st Viscount Northland ( 20 April 1729 -- 5 November 1818 ) , known as The Lord Welles between 1781 and 1791 , was an Irish politician .
Mary Hannay Foott ( 26 September 1846 -- 12 October 1918 ) , was an Australian poet and editor who is best remembered for the poem Where the pelican builds .
Laurids Lauridsen de Thurah , known as Lauritz de Thurah ( 4 March 1706 -- 5 September 1759 ) , was a Danish architect and architectural writer .
John Pinsent ( 2 November 1922 - -3 February 1995 in Liverpool , England ) was an English classical scholar , especially in the area of Greek mythology .
Frank Norman Robinson ( 1911 - -1997 ) was an Australian sound recording technician and ornithologist who worked for many years with the CSIRO .
Gamini Abhaya Iriyagolla ( known as Gamini Iriyagolla ) ( c.1936 - 2003 ) was a Sri Lankan lawyer , civil servant , diplomat and a writer .
John Larpent ( 1741 - -1824 ) was an English inspector of plays .
William Brian Maginess , QC ( 10 July 1901 -- 16 April 1967 ) was a member of the Government of Northern Ireland , who was widely seen as a possible successor to Basil Brooke , 1st Viscount Brookeborough as Prime Minister of Northern Ireland .
Giovanni Francesco Grossi ( 12 February 1653 -- 29 May 1697 ) was one of the greatest Italian singers of the baroque age .
Dr. Andrea Crestadoro ( 1808 - -1879 ) was a bibliographer who became Chief Librarian of Manchester Free Library , 1864 - -1879 .
Clemente Bocciardo ( 1620 - -1658 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque .
Gwen Matthewman ( 1927 -- 6 March 2014 ( aged 86 ) ) born in Streethouse , later of Featherstone , was an English Guinness World Record holder in knitting between 1980 and 2005 .
Kenneth Healey ( 1899 - -1985 ) was the 3rd Bishop of Grimsby .
Oliver Robert Hawke Bury ( 3 November 1861 London - 21 March 1946 London ) , was an English railway engineer , chief mechanical engineer on the Great Western Railway of Brazil , General Manager of the Great Northern Railway in England and Director of the London and North Eastern Railway .
Fred Gilby ( 11 June 1907 -- 11 June 1991 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sukhen Das ( Bengali : সুখেন দাস ) ( 28 July 1938 -- 4 April 2004 ) was an Indian Bengali film actor , director , screenwriter and story writer .
Joseph Oduho Haworu ( 15 December 1927 - 27 March 1993 ) was a leading politician from South Sudan who was active in the struggle for independence and a founding member of the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) .
Bhubaneswar Behera ( January 1 , 1916 -- 2001 ) was a scholar , engineer , visionary and writer from the Indian state of Orissa .
Ndlela kaSompisi ( died February 1840 ) was a key general to Zulu Kings Shaka and Dingane .
Dame Marie Tempest DBE ( 15 July 1864 -- 15 October 1942 ) was an English singer and actress known as the `` queen of her profession '' .
Steve Donoghue ( 8 November 1884 -- 23 March 1945 ) was a leading English flat - race jockey in the 1910s and 1920s .
Finis Jennings Dake ( 1902 - -1987 ) was an American Pentecostal minister and evangelist known primarily for his writings on the subjects of Pentecostal ( or Charismatic ) Evangelical Christian spirituality and Premillennial Dispensationalism .
Thomas Blanchard Stowell ( 1846 - -1927 ) was a distinguished American educator .
John Francis Green ( 18 December 1946 - - 10 January 1975 ) , was a leading member of the North Armagh Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army , holding the rank of Staff Captain and Intelligence Officer .
Arthur Woodcock was born in Northampton on 23 September 1865 and died at Billesdon from `` self - administered poison '' on 14 May 1910 .
Dick Chandler ( 4 April 1910 -- 6 June 1969 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Thomas Dalmahoy Barlow , GBE ( 23 February 1883 -- 22 November 1964 ) was a British businessman and art historian .
Charles Brown Fisher ( 25 September 1817 -- 6 May 1908 ) was an Australian pioneer pastoralist and livestock breeder .
Duncan Inglis Cameron ( 26 August 1927 -- 7 May 2006 ) was a university administrator and Secretary of Heriot - Watt University , Edinburgh .
J. R. Worsley ( 14 September 1923 -- 2 June 2003 ) is credited with bringing five element acupuncture , also known as ' classical acupuncture ' or ' traditional acupuncture ' ( to distinguish it from the more widely known traditional Chinese medicine style ) , to the West .
Rolf Bloch Hansen ( 12 October 1894 -- 5 May 1981 ) was a Norwegian military officer and skiing official .
Cecil J. Edmonds ( Kurdish : سسیل جان ئێدمۆنز , Sisíl Jan Idmonds ) ( 26 October 1889 -- 11 June 1979 ) was a British political officer who served with the British Expeditionary Forces in Mesopotamia and Norperforce in north - western Persia , and later in the civil administration of Iraq .
Sacha Moldovan ( Russian : Соломон Вайнштейн Solomon Vaynshteyn ; November 4 , 1901 -- 1982 ) was a Russian - born American expressionist and post - impressionist painter
Henry Bryan Hall ( 11 May 1808 London - 25 April 1884 Morrisania , New York ) , was an English stipple engraver and portrait painter .
George Rodney , 3rd Baron Rodney ( 18 June 1782 -- 21 June 1842 ) , was a British peer .
William Henry Howell , Ph.D. , M.D. , LL.D. , Sc . D. ( 20 February 1860 -- 6 February 1945 ) was an American physiologist .
Jean II de Giblet ( died 1315 ) was a Christian prince of the House of Giblet , an area of the Holy Land , in the 13th-14th century .
Henry de Lacy , 3rd Earl of Lincoln , Baron of Pontefract ( c.1251 -- February 1311 ) was an English nobleman and confidant of Edward I of England .
Albert E. Burke ( 1919 - -1999 ) was a Yale University professor and a pioneer of public educational television .
Ruth Middleton ( née Gentry ; 25 August 1930 -- 13 May 2008 ) was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Joseph Trevor Park ( 12 December 1927 -- 6 April 1995 ) was a British lecturer and politician .
Gayne Robert Dexter ( died 1966 ) , better known as Gayne Dexter , was an Australian journalist , publicist and screenwriter .
Sir Robert Birley KCMG ( 14 July 1903 -- 22 July 1982 ) was an English educationalist who was head master of Charterhouse School , then Eton College , and an anti - apartheid campaigner .
Pavhari Baba ( died 1898 ) was an Indian ascetic and saint .
Hermann Edward Hasse ( 12 January 1836 -- 29 October 1915 ) was an American lichenologist .
Diogo de Barcelos Machado Bettencourt ( Angra do Heroísmo ; 8 August 1847 -- Angra do Heroísmo , 16 October 1922 ) was a politician and judicial magistrate , as well as judge for several districts in the Azores , as well as Civil Governor of Horta .
Per Mørch Hansson ( 4 March 1905 -- 6 October 1994 ) was a Norwegian sportsman who competed in tennis , ski jumping and sailing , and businessperson .
Peter P. Sorokin ( 10 July 1931 -- 24 September 2015 ) was an American physicist and co - inventor of the dye laser .
Zabih Behrouz ( 17 July 1890- 12 December 1971 ) was an Iranian playwright and linguist .
Thomas Leigh , 1st Baron Leigh ( 1595 -- 22 February 1672 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629 .
Mick Anthony ( 8 August 1894 -- 4 May 1966 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Frederiek Nolf ( 10 February 1987 -- 5 February 2009 ) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer , who died in Doha in his sleep of an apparent heart attack between stages 4 and 5 of the 2009 Tour of Qatar .
Arthur Fenton Miles Townsend ( 1 August 1885 -- 24 August 1948 ) was an English cricketer for Essex and Gloucestershire County Cricket Clubs between 1903 and 1910 .
John Lankester Parker OBE FRAeS Hon . MSLAE ( 1896 -- 22 August 1965 ) was Chief Test Pilot for Short Brothers from 1918 until his retirement in 1945 .
Francis Norris , 1st Earl of Berkshire ( 6 July 1579 -- 31 January 1622 ) was an English nobleman with the title of Earl of Berkshire .
Emilio Pericoli ( 7 January 1928 -- 9 April 2013 ) was an Italian singer .
Albert the Bear ( German : Albrecht der Bär ; c. 1100 -- 18 November 1170 ) was the first Margrave of Brandenburg ( as Albert I ) from 1157 to his death and was briefly Duke of Saxony between 1138 and 1142 .
Jacob Folkema ( 18 August 1692 -- 3 February 1767 ) , a Dutch designer and engraver , was born and died at Dokkum , in Friesland .
William Clarence John McCarver , better known as Jack McCarver ( born 19 December 1896 Fort Worth , Texas , died 21 June 1959 , Waco , Texas ) was an American racecar driver .
Peter Gormley ( c. 1920 -- 8 May 1998 ) was an Australian born artist manager who guided the early careers of many recording artists , including Frank Ifield , Cliff Richard , The Shadows , Marvin Welch & Farrar , Labi Siffre and Olivia Newton - John .
Sir Justin Hickey JP ( 5 April 1920 -- 21 August 2005 ) was an Australian businessman , insurance executive and philanthropist .
Major General Sir Luke O'Connor VC , KCB ( 20 January 1831 -- 1 February 1915 ) was a British soldier from Ireland .
Rodrigo Álvarez ( Latin : Rudericus Aluari ) ( died 1187 ) was a Galician magnate in the Kingdom of León .
Karel Richard Richter ( 29 January 1912 -- 10 December 1941 ) was a German spy who was executed by hanging at Wandsworth Prison .
Hela Yungst ( January 15 , 1950 in Israel -- February 24 , 2002 in Livingston , New Jersey ) , also known as Hela Young , was an American television entertainer and beauty pageant winner .
George Cary Eggleston ( 26 November 1839 -- 14 April 1911 ) American author and brother of fellow author Edward Eggleston ( 1837 - -1902 ) .
Abraham Regelson ( 1896 - -1981 ; Hebrew : אברהם רגלסון ) was an Israeli Hebrew poet , author , children 's author , translator , and editor .
Eustace de Vesci ( 1169 - -1216 ) was an English lord of Alnwick Castle , and a Magna Carta surety .
Edith Gittins ( 1845 -- 1910 ) was an artist and social reformer , actively involved in promoting women 's rights .
Sir Eoin Higgins ( 14 June 1927 -- 2 September 1993 ) , known as `` The Honourable Mr. Justice Higgins '' , was a judge of the High Court of Northern Ireland .
Per Olof Hulth ( 2 June 1943 -- 26 February 2015 ) was a Swedish astroparticle physicist .
Clinton H. Stagg ( November 1888 -- 3 May 1916 ) was an American screenwriter , journalist , and author .
Vladimir Golschmann ( 16 December 1893 -- 1 March 1972 ) was a French - American conductor .
Howard Wright Cutler ( 1883 - 1948 ) was an American architect known primarily for his designs of churches , schools and public buildings in Washington , D.C. and adjacent Montgomery County , Maryland .
The Very Rev Thomas Hayley was the Dean of Chichester from 1735 to 1739 .
Gladys Reynell ( 1881 - -1956 ) was one of South Australia 's earliest potters and is known for her bold modernist style and her preference for working with native clays .
Beata Elisabet von Königsmarck ( 1637 - 1723 ) , was a Swedish countess and landowner .
William Hampson ( born 14 March 1854 in Bebington , Merseyside ( formerly : Cheshire ) , England -- died 1 January 1926 in Holland Park , London , England ) was the first person to patent a process for liquifying air .
Vong Savang ( Lao : ເຈົ້າຟ້າຊາຍມົງກຸດລາຊະກຸມານວົງສະຫວ່າງ ; 27 September 1931 -- 2 May 1978 ) was the Crown Prince to throne of the Kingdom of Laos .
Hafizullah Amin ( Persian : حفيظ الله امين‎‎ born 1 August 1929 -- 27 December 1979 ) was an Afghan politician and statesman during the Cold War .
Wilhelm Sebastian von Belling ( 15 February 1719 -- 28 November 1779 ) was a Prussian Hussar general under Frederick the Great .
Cornelius Bayley ( 1751 - -1812 ) , was an English Anglican cleric .
Samuel Albas ( 1697 -- 1749 ) was a rabbi in Fes , Morocco .
Annibale Fagnola ( 1866 - -1939 ) was one of the greatest Italian violin makers of the 20th century .
Abram Lyle ( 14 December 1820 -- 30 April 1891 ) is noted for founding the sugar refiners Abram Lyle & Sons which merged with the company of his rival Henry Tate to become Tate & Lyle in 1921 .
Nikolaos Vlachopoulos ( Greek : Νικόλαος Βλαχόπουλος , 1868 - -1957 ) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General .
Jean Gallon ( 25 June 1878 - 23 June 1959 ) was a French composer , choir conductor , and music educator .
Shlomo Rosen ( Hebrew : שלמה רוזן‎ , born 21 June 1905 , died 7 December 1985 ) was an Israeli politician and minister .
Trevor Stubley RP RBA RSW RWS ( 27 March 1932 , Leeds -- 8 January 2010 , Holmfirth ) was a Yorkshire portrait and landscape painter , and illustrator .
Thomas Turner à Beckett ( 13 September 1808 -- 1 July 1892 ) was a lawyer and politician in colonial Victoria ( Australia ) , member of the Victorian Legislative Council .
Foster Hedley ( 6 January 1908 -- 1983 ) was an English professional footballer who played for St Andrews ( Newcastle ) , South Shields , Corinthians ( Newcastle ) , Jarrow , Hull City , Nelson , Manchester City , Chester City , Tottenham Hotspur , Millwall and Swindon Town .
Edwin Ashby ( 2 November 1861 -- 8 January 1941 ) was an Adelaide based Australian property developer and a noted malacologist interested in chitons and ornithologist .
Sir Harry George Champion CIE ( 17 August 1891 -- 20 June 1979 ) was a forest officer in British India who created a classification of the forest types of India and Burma .
Er . Rachpal Singh Gill ( 3 April 1908- 10 August 2001 ) was a Sikh Indian civil engineer responsible for key engineering projects such as the Bhakra Nangal hydro power complex , Ranjit Sagar Dam , Pong Dam , and the thermal power plants at Bathinda as well as Roopnagar .
Asbjørn Aavik ( November 30 , 1902 -- November 20 , 1997 ) was a Norwegian Lutheran missionary to China and writer .
Pieter Philips Jurriaan Quint Ondaatje ( Colombo , 1758 -- Amsterdam , 18 April 1818 ) was a Dutch patriot and politician .
Jean - Marie - Raphaël Le Jeune ( born Jean - Marie , 12 April 1855 -- 21 November 1930 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest , linguist , author , and newspaper publisher .
Carol Truax ( 3 October 1899 -- June 1986 ) was an American music administrator and an author of many cookbooks .
Ove Rode ( 31 August 1867 -- 11 July 1933 ) was a Danish politician , newspaper editor and Minister of Interior Affairs for Det Radikale Venstre .
Giovanni Francesco Fara ( February 4 , 1543 - 1591 ) was a Sardinian historian , geographer and clergyman , who wrote in Latin .
Vaughan Cornish ( 22 December 1862 - 1 May 1948 ) was an English geographer .
General Sir Robert Sloper KB ( 8 May 1729 -- 18 August 1802 ) was Commander - in - Chief , India .
The 6th Jebtsundamba Khutughtu ( 1842 - -1848 ) , was the sixth incarnation of the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu , the spiritual heads of the Gelug lineage of Tibetan Buddhism in Mongolia , and the fourth of Tibetan descent .
Thomas Harlan Ellett ( September 2 , 1880 -- 1951 ) was an architect who practiced in New York City .
Charles H. Yale ( 1856 - 1920 ) was an American theatre producer and performer .
Ovida , Obida or Odiva ( died December 9 , 480 ) was a general during the late Western Roman Empire and the last Roman ruler of Dalmatia .
Nathaniel Choate ( 1899 - 1965 ) was an American painter and sculptor who served as vice president of the National Sculpture Society .
Peter Durber ( 1873 - -1963 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Glossop North End and Stoke .
Cosme San Martín Lagunas ( 27 September 1849/1850 , Valparaíso - 1 April 1906 , Santiago ) was a Chilean painter and the first Director of the `` Academia de Pintura '' who was born in Chile .
John Bulbeck ( christened 30 December 1818 -- 1888 ) was an English cricketer .
Mohammad Tahir Vahid Qazvini ( Persian : محمد طاهر وحید قزوینی‎ , died 1699 ) , was a Iranian nobleman , who served as the vizier of the Safavid king ( shah ) Suleiman I ( r. 1666 - -1694 ) and the latter 's son Sultan Husayn ( r. 1694 - -1722 ) from 1691 to 1699 .
Raimundo Diosdado Caballero ( June 19 , 1740 - January 16 , 1830 or April 28 , 1829 ) was a Catholic miscellaneous writer , chiefly ecclesiastical .
Sir James Macdonald , 2nd Baronet , GCMG ( 14 February 1784 -- 29 June 1832 ) was a British politician .
Michael Dekel ( Hebrew : מיכאל דקל‎ , bhorn 1 August 1920 , died 20 September 1994 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1977 and 1988 .
Stevie Hyper D ( born Stephen Austin , 20 September 1967 -- 5 July 1998 ) was a drum and bass MC .
Joseph Chayyim ben Isaac Selig Caro ( 1800 - -April 21 , 1895 , Włocławek , Russian Empire , now Poland ) was a German - Russian rabbi .
Dwijendranath Tagore ( Bengali : দ্বিজেন্দ্রনাথ ঠাকুর ) ( 11 March 1840 -- 19 January 1926 ) was an Indian poet , song composer , philosopher , mathematician , and a pioneer in Bengali shorthand and musical notations .
Hubert David Bentliff ( 28 May 1891 - 21 April 1953 ) was a British lawyer , civil servant , and politician .
Fran Roš ( pronounced ( ˈfɾaːn ˈɾoːʃ ) , 14 January 1898 -- 22 August 1976 ) was a Slovene writer , poet , and playwright .
Antoinette de Bourbon ( 25 December 1493 -- 22 January 1583 ) was a French noblewoman of the House of Bourbon .
Valentine Dale ( died 1589 ) was an English jurist and diplomat .
John Baildon ( 11 December 1772 -- 7 August 1846 ) was a Scottish pioneer in metallurgy in continental Europe .
Nicol Hugh Baird ( 26 August 1796 -- 18 October 1849 ) was a Scottish surveyor who worked for his uncle Charles Baird in St Petersburg for several years , and emigrated to Canada in 1828 .
George Matthew Snelson ( 22 November 1837 -- 31 October 1901 ) was the first Mayor of Palmerston North and is considered Palmerston North 's founding father .
Sir Nicholas Hyde ( c.1572 -- 25 August 1631 ) was Lord Chief Justice of England .
Hamzah Fansuri ( also spelled Hamzah Pansuri , d. c. 1590 ) was a Sumatran Sufi writer , the first known to pen mystical panentheistic ideas in the Malay language .
Jørgen Brunchorst ( 10 August 1862 -- 19 May 1917 ) was a Norwegian natural scientist , politician and diplomat .
Abdul Quadir ( 1 June 1906 -- 19 December 1984 ) was a Bangladeshi poet , essayist , and journalist .
Sir Anthony Mildmay ( died 1617 ) was a country gentleman from Northamptonshire , England , who served as Member of Parliament for Wiltshire from 1584 to 1586 and as English ambassador in Paris in 1597 .
Régis François Gignoux ( 1816 - -1882 ) was a French painter who was active in the United States from 1840 to 1870 .
Namık İsmail ( 1890 , Samsun - 30 August 1935 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish Impressionist painter and art educator , who received his training in France .
James M. Hare ( July 31 , 1910 -- March 10 , 1980 ) was the Michigan Secretary of State .
Thomas Edwardston ( died 1396 ) , was an Augustinian friar .
George James Anderson ( 1860 -- 15 December 1935 ) was a Reform Party Member of Parliament , and a minister in the Reform Government from 1912 to 1928 .
Mary Grey , Countess of Kent ( died 1 November 1702 ) , suo jure 1st Baroness Lucas of Crudwell ( née Mary Lucas ) , was an English peeress in her own right .
Jack Goldswain ( 22 July 1878 -- 5 November 1954 ) was a British boxer who won the English & Imperial ten stone title in 1906 and fought for the British welterweight title in 1910 .
George Herrick ( c. 1658 - -1695 ) was the `` Marshal '' for the Court of Oyer and Terminer during the Salem Witch Trials .
Edward Webster Bemis ( 7 April 1860 Springfield , Massachusetts -- 25 September 1930 ) was a United States economist and a public utility expert .
Sahir Ludhianvi is the pen name of Abdul Hayee ( 8 March 1921 -- 25 October 1980 ) who is popularly known as Sahir .
Vince Lascheid ( 26 December 1923 - 19 March 2009 ) was a prominent Pittsburgh organist , best known as the organist for the Pittsburgh Pirates from the 1960s to 2009 and from 1970 - 2003 the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Gordon Green ( 28 February 1890 -- 30 May 1973 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Donald Dinnie ( 1837 - -1916 ) was a Scottish strongman , born at Balnacraig , Birse , near Aboyne , Aberdeenshire .
Armand Philippon ( 27 August 1761 -- 4 May 1836 ) , sometimes called Philippon , was a French soldier during the French Revolution and the subsequent First French Empire .
James Charles Armytage ( 1802 or c. 1820 -- 28 April 1897 ) was an English engraver of the 19th century .
Alick Nkhata ( 1922 - -1978 ) was a popular Zambian musician and broadcaster in the 1950s through to the mid-1970s .
John Cazenove ( 1788 - -1879 ) was an English businessman and political economist .
John Bayliss ( 1919 - -2008 ) was a British poet and significant literary editor of the World War II period ; later in life a civil servant .
Simon Gunton ( 1609 - 1676 ) was an English clergyman and antiquary .
David Thompson Seymour ( 5 November 1831 -- 31 January 1916 ) , soldier and police commissioner , was born on 5 November 1831 at Ballymore Castle , County Galway , Ireland , son of Thomas Seymour , gentleman , and his wife Matilda Margaret , née Lawrence .
Padraig O'Keeffe ( Irish : Pádraig Ó Caoimh ) ( 1887 -- 1963 ) was a noted Irish traditional musician .
Arthur James Mason DD ( 4 May 1851 -- 24 April 1928 ) was an English clergyman , theologian and classical scholar .
Charles Julian Tennyson ( 1915 - -1945 ) was an English writer and historian most famous for his writings on his home county of Suffolk .
Henry Christian Timm ( July 11 , 1811 -- September 5 , 1892 ) was a German - born American pianist , conductor , and composer .
George Coke ( or Cooke ) ( 3 October 1570 -- 10 December 1646 ) was successively the Bishop of Bristol and Hereford .
Jakob Altenberg ( 1875 - -1944 ) was an Austrian businessman and picture frame dealer .
Sir Christopher Nugent , 6th ( or 14th ) Baron Delvin ( 1544 - -1602 ) was an Anglo - Irish nobleman and writer .
Fredrik Waldemar Bergroth ( 14 May 1852 , Humppila - 4 October 1928 ) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician .
Frank Pierce Milburn ( 1868 - -1926 ) was a prolific architect of the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Branislav Petronijević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранислав Петронијевић ; 6 April 1875 -- 4 March 1954 ) was a Serbian philosopher and scientist ( paleontologist ) who wrote books primarily in three languages , Serbian , German and French fluently .
Giovanni da Oriolo ( active 1439 ; died by 1474 ) was an Italian painter of the Quattrocento , active in Northern Italy , including Faenza .
Harry Raymond Eastlack , Jr. ( 1933 - -1973 ) suffered from fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva ( FOP ) , a rare and poorly understood disease in which the bone repair mechanism runs out of control , turning other tissue like muscles and tendons into bone .
Edwin Waterhouse ( 4 June 1841 -- 17 September 1917 ) was an English accountant .
Virginia Mariani , born Virginia Barlocci Ricardi , ( 1824 - -1898 ) was an Italian painter , active in Rome .
Charles William Bell ( 25 April 1876 -- 8 February 1938 ) was a Canadian playwright , lawyer and politician , born in Hamilton , Ontario .
Mary Dixon Jones ( 1828 - -1908 ) is known for being the first American physician to propose and perform a total hysterectomy to treat a tumor in the uterine muscle ( myoma ) .
Yoseph ben Ab - Hisda ben Yaacov ben Aaharon ; ( 1919 -- February 14 , 1998 ) , served as the Samaritan High Priest from January 26 , 1987 until his death .
André de Foix , Lord of Lesparre ( or Asparroz or Asparrots ) , ( 1490 -- 1547 ) was a French General .
Avraham Botzer ( Hebrew : אברהם בוצר ; 25 July 1929 -- 2 June 2012 ) was the Commander of the Israeli Navy between 1968 and 1972 .
Carolina Flores - Trinidad or Lina Flor ( died 1976 ) was a writer from the Philippines .
George Lambert , 2nd Viscount Lambert , TD ( 27 November 1909 -- 24 May 1989 ) was a British politician .
Benning Wentworth ( 24 July 1696 -- 14 October 1770 ) was the colonial governor of New Hampshire from 1741 to 1766 .
Arthur Ernest Guedel ( 1883 - -1956 ) was an American anesthesiologist .
Virginia Proctor Powell Florence ( October 1 , 1897 -- 1991 ) was a trailblazer in both African - American history and the history of librarianship .
Henry Thomas Alken ( 12 October 1785 -- 7 April 1851 ) was an English painter and engraver chiefly known as a caricaturist and illustrator of sporting subjects and coaching scenes .
František Šafránek ( 2 January 1931 in Praha - 27 June 1987 ) was a Czech football player .
Alan of Galloway ( before 1199 -- 1234 ) , also known as Alan fitz Roland , was a leading thirteenth - century Scottish magnate .
Robert Bree , MD ( 1759 - -1839 ) was an English physician .
Subhani ba Yunus ( 1931 - -2006 ; born in Aurangabad , British India ) was an accomplished Pakistani actor and television and radio personality whose distinct voice quality earned him a special place in Radio Pakistan .
Vinod Johri ( 10 June 1935 -- 10 May 2014 ) was an Indian astrophysicist .
Harold Thomas Henry Carter ( 15/28 September 1903 , Baku -- 16 November 1944 , Hollywood , Los Angeles , California ) , aka Boake Carter , was an American national news commentator in the 1930s and early 1940s .
William Edward Nairn ( 1812 -- 9 July 1869 ) was an English - born politician in Australia , president of the Tasmanian Legislative Council .
Robert Burnet , Lord Crimond ( 1592 -- 24 August 1661 ) was a Scottish advocate and judge .
Robert Steere ( 1833 - -1910 ) was a latter 19th century pioneer in California , nine years after U.S. statehood .
Martin Sigvart Grytbak ( 6 November 1883 -- 24 June 1953 ) was Norwegian born , American engineer Martin Sigvart Grytbak was born in Nedre Stjørdal in Nord - Trøndelag , Norway .
Pierre - François Brice ( 26 November 1714 ( baptised ) -- 13 May 1794 ) was a French artist who spent most of his career in what is now Belgium .
Florence Camm ( 1874 -- 1960 ) was an English stained glass designer , painter and decorative metalworker .
Jack Geggie ( 29 October 1881 -- 20 January 1973 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Alessandro Trentacinque ( also known as Alessandro Trentacinque d'Aquila , Alexander Trentacinquis , and Alexander Trentacinquius , 1541 - 1599 ) , was a jurist , writer and patrician from L'Aquila , Italy .
Barré Lyndon ( pseudonym of Alfred Edgar ) ( 12 August 1896 -- 23 October 1972 ) was a British playwright and screenwriter .
Alan Shulman ( 4 June 1915 -- 10 July 2002 ) was an American composer and cellist .
John Herne ( c.1593 - -1649 ) was an English barrister , involved in high - profile trials of the 1630s and 1640s .
Yidnekachew Tessema ( 1921 - 1987 ) was one of the Ethiopia 's top sport 's journalists , covering Olympic Games , and World Cups and served his country in the capacities of secretary of the soccer and sport federation , president of national Olympics committee and commissioner of Sport federation .
Stephen Fox - Strangways , 1st Earl of Ilchester PC ( 12 September 1704 -- 26 September 1776 ) was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
André van Gyseghem ( 18 August 1906 -- 13 October 1979 ) was an English actor and theatre director who also appeared in many British television programmes .
Küçük Hüseyin Pasha ( 1757 -- 7 December 1803 ) , also known as Tayazade Damat Küçük Hüseyin Pasha , was a Ottoman statesman and admiral who was Kapudan Pasha ( Grand Admiral of the Ottoman Navy ) from 11 March 1792 to 7 December 1803 .
Charles Louis Gabriel ( 25 June 1857 -- 10 February 1927 ) was an Australian photographer and medical practitioner .
Zofia Atteslander ( born March 12 , 1874 in Luborzyca , died c. 1928 in Berlin ) was a Polish painter , active between 1889 - 1928 in inter alia Berlin , Paris and Wiesbaden .
Daniel Legrand ( 1783 -- 16 March 1859 ) was a Swiss industrialist and philanthropist of the Reformed Church who spent most of his life in Alsace , France .
Edward Newman Fuller ( 1888 - -1969 ) was an English sportsman who played rugby union at an international level , touring Argentina with the 1910 Combined British rugby union side , an early incarnation of the British and Irish Lions .
Sir Thomas Frederick Lister CBE ( 1886/87 ? -- 13 March 1966 ) was the first chairman of the British Legion .
Leo Daft ( 1843 -- 1922 ) was an English professor and builder of early American urban railroads .
Charles Exshaw ( died 1771 ) was an Irish painter and engraver .
Gertrude Samuels ( 1910 - 2003 ) was a photojournalist and later a member of the editorial board of the New York Times .
Antonio María Martínez ( ? --1823 ) was a colonel in the infantry regiment of Zamora and the last governor of Spanish Texas .
Paskal Mitrevski ( Macedonian : Паскал Митревски ) ( 1912 - -1978 ) , also known as Paskal Mitrovski or Paschalis Mitropoulos , was a Greek - born communist partisan from the Greek province of Macedonia ( Aegean Macedonian ) and former President of the Macedonian National Liberation Front .
Seán Thomas ( died 24 June 1999 ) was an Irish football manager .
Otto Lington ( 5 August 1903 - 15 December 1992 ) was a Danish composer , bandleader and violinist .
Rudolf Kattnigg ( 9 April 1895 , in Carinthia -- 2 September 1955 , in Klagenfurt ) was an Austrian composer , pianist and conductor .
Rafael Ríos Rey ( 28 July 1911 - April 1980 ) was a Puerto Rican muralist .
Rudolf Mentzel PhD ( 28 April 1900 -- 5 December 1987 ) was a German chemist and a National Socialist science policy - maker .
Reginald Brabazon , 12th Earl of Meath , KP , GCVO , GBE , PC ( Ire ) ( 31 July 1841 -- 11 October 1929 ) was a British politician and philanthropist .
Gus McLaren died in Merimbula on the 29th of August 2008 .
Ernst David Bergmann ( Hebrew : ארנסט דוד ברגמן‎ ; 1903 -- April 6 , 1975 ) was an Israeli nuclear scientist and chemist .
Richard Stafford ( c1755 -- 1808 ) was a land speculator and pioneer of Hampshire County , West Virginia .
Leonard Pagliero OBE ( 22 August 1913 -- 8 August 2008 ) was Director of the Stationers Association and Chairman of The Kennel Club .
Sonam Tsemo ( tib . : bsod nams rtse mo ; 1142 - -1182 ) ( or Lobpon Sonam Tsemo ) , an important Tibetan sprititual leader and Buddhist scholar , was the second of the so - called Five Venerable Supreme Sakya Masters of Tibet , the founding fathers of the Sakya - tradition .
John Hay , 1st Lord Hay of Yester ( c. 1450 -- after October 1508 ) is the ancestor of the Marquesses of Tweeddale .
Abd al - Razzaq al - Dandashi ( Arabic : عبدالرزاق الرستم الدندشي‎ ; 1899 - -1935 ) was a Syrian intellectual and Arab nationalist activist .
A solitary personality but a talent fully acknowledged by critics and cherished by art lovers , Victor - Ferdinand Bourgeois died at Dieulefit on 6 October 1957 .
Elfrida Vipont was the pen name of Elfrida Vipont ( Brown ) Foulds ( 3 July 1902 -- 14 March 1992 ) , a British author of children 's books .
Eysteinn Erlendsson ( Modern Norwegian Øystein Erlendsson , Latin Augustinus Nidrosiensis ) ( died 26 January 1188 ) was Archbishop of Nidaros from 1161 to his death in 1188 .
Val McCalla ( 3 October 1943 in Kingston , Jamaica -- 22 August 2002 in Seaford , East Sussex ) is best known as the founder of The Voice , a British weekly newspaper aimed at the Britain 's black community .
Eugene Garin ( 1922 - -1994 ) was a contemporary seascape artist .
John Campbell , 2nd Marquess of Breadalbane KT , PC , FRS ( 26 October 1796 -- 8 November 1862 ) , styled Lord Glenorchy until 1831 and as Earl of Ormelie from 1831 to 1834 , was a Scottish nobleman and Liberal politician .
Frederick Southgate Taylor ( December 16 , 1847 - -February 16 , 1896 ) , was a businessman , politician , philanthropist , and founder of Pi Beta Phi fraternity .
Tunku Tan Sri Abdullah ibni Almarhum Tuanku Abdul Rahman ( 2 May 1925 -- 20 August 2008 ) was a Malaysian businessmen and a founder of the Melewar Corporation .
The `` Baroness de Calabrella '' ( c. 1788 -- 6 October 1856 , Paris ) , born Catherine Ball , was an English socialite , journalist , and writer .
William Edward Kilburn ( 1818 - 1891 ) was an English photographer , noted for his pictures of the British Royal family .
Colonel James Givins ( sometimes James Givens ) ( circa 1759 -- March 5 , 1846 ) was a British Army officer and militiaman who fought in the American Revolution and the War of 1812 .
Elisha Beman ( 1760 -- 14 October 1821 ) was a businessman involved in settlement and the trade derived from that endeavour .
Kong Yingda ( Chinese : 孔穎達 ; Wade -- Giles : K'ung Ying - ta ; 574 -- 648 ) , courtesy names Chongyuan ( 冲遠 ) and Zhongda ( 仲達 ) , was a Sui and Tang dynasty Confucianist , who is considered one of the most influential Confucian scholars in Chinese history .
Hörður Barðdal ( Hordur Barddal ) ( 22 May 1946 , Reykjavík -- 4 August 2009 ) was a competitive water polo player , competitive swimmer , competitive skier , competitive golfer , and a disabled athlete activist .
John Anthony Parsons ( 20 February 1938 -- 26 April 2004 ) was a British sports journalist and author .
Sir Edward Mansel , 4th Baronet ( ca . October 1637 -- 14 November 1706 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in three periods between 1660 and 1689 .
Nelly Mazloum ( 9 June 1929 - 21 February 2003 ) , an Egyptian of Italian and Greek origin , was an actress , choreographer , dancer , and teacher of ballet , modern dance , Egyptian folkloric dance , traditional oriental dance and the creator of the oriental dance technique .
Herbert Denman ( born in Brooklyn , N. Y. , June 20 , 1855 - died 1903 in Idyllwild , California ) was a figure - painter .
Izaak van Oosten , Isaak van Oosten or Isaac van Oosten ( sometimes even : ' Izaak van Costen ' ) ( 10 December 1613 -- December 1661 ) was a Flemish Baroque landscape and cabinet painter .
Nathaniel Kolawole Onadipe ( 14 July 1922 -- 4 December 1988 ) , most commonly known as Kola Onadipe , was a Nigerian author best known for his children 's books .
Christian Friedrich Weber ( 1764 - -1831 ) was a German New Testament scholar of the Tübingen school .
Prince Adam Zygmunt Sapieha ( 2 May 1892 - 20 October 1970 ) was a military aviator and cavalry officer in the Polish Army .
Omar Pkhakadze ( Georgian : ომარ ფხაკაძე , Russian : Омар Пхакадзе ; 8 December 1944 -- 21 May 1993 ) was a Georgian sprint cyclist .
William Willoughby , 5th Baron Willoughby de Eresby KG ( c.1370 -- 4 December 1409 ) was an English baron .
Erik Amundsen ( 1 February 1937 -- 22 February 2015 ) was a Norwegian jazz musician ( upright bass ) from Oslo .
King Yeongyang of Goguryeo ( died 618 ) ( r. 590 - -618 ) was the 26th king of Goguryeo , the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Víctor Ramón Navarro Serrano , under the alias of Megateo , ( 25 January 1976 -- 2 October 2015 ) was a Colombian guerrilla , narcotics dealer , and criminal .
John Basil Boothroyd ( 4 March 1910 -- 27 February 1988 ) was an English humorous writer , best known for his long association with Punch .
Sir Thomas Pelham , 2nd Baronet ( September 1597 -- 1654 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England variously between 1621 and 1654 .
Carl Emmermann ( 6 March 1915 -- 25 March 1990 ) was a German U - boat commander during World War II . In his time as commander , he succeeded in sinking 27 ships for a total tonnage of 152,080 gross register tons ( GRT ) .
Çapanzade or Çapanoğlu Agah Efendi ( 1832 - -1885 ) was an Ottoman writer and newspaper editor who , along with his colleague İbrahim Şinasi , published Tercüman - ı Ahvâl ( `` Interpreter of Events '' ) , the first private newspaper by Turkish journalists , and introduced postage stamps to the Ottoman Empire .
Ivan Radunsky ( 1872 -- 1955 ) played the part of Bim in the clown duo of Bim Bom .
Dade Moeller ( 27 February 1927 -- 26 September 2011 ) was an internationally known expert in radiation safety and environmental protection .
Malhar Rao Gaekwad ( 1831 - -1882 ) was the Maharaja of Baroda ( r.1870 - 19 April 1875 ) .
John Brynteson ( August 13 , 1871 , Ärtemark -- 1959 ) was one of the `` Three Lucky Swedes '' who founded and developed the Nome mining district .
Günther Anhalt ( 23 January 1906 -- 27 April 1945 ) was a high - ranking German officer in the Waffen - SS ( military wing of the Schutzstaffel ) during World War II .
Major Edmund Leopold de Rothschild , CBE , TD ( 2 January 1916 -- 17 January 2009 ) was an English financier , a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family of England , and a recipient of the Victoria Medal of Honour ( VMH ) , given by the Royal Horticultural Society .
Antônio Maria de Araújo Morais known as Antônio Maria ( Recife , 17 March 1921 - Copacabana , 15 October 1964 ) , was a Brazilian writer of pop music lyrics as well as radio sports commentator , poet , composer , and chronicler .
Nuchhungi Renthlei ( 1 January 1914 - 1 January 2002 ) was an Indian poet , singer and school teacher , known for her poems written in Mizo language .
Israel Roll ( 1937 - June 2010 ) was an Israeli archaeologist and academic .
Heinz Dörmer ( 1912 - -2001 ) was a German man who was imprisoned by the Nazis for homosexuality under Paragraph 175 .
Peter Pye ( 1902 -- 3 September 1966 ) , Dr Edward Arthur ( Peter ) Pye .
Edward Woolsey Bacon ( 1843 -- June 1887 ) was an American Congregational clergyman , as well as a sailor and a soldier .
Countess Palatine Ernestine of Sulzbach ( 15 May 1697 -- 14 April 1775 ) was the wife of Landgrave William `` the Younger '' of Hesse - Wanfried and after his death prioress of the Carmelite monastery in Neuburg an der Donau as Sister Augusta .
Alfred Wallis ( 18 August 1855 -- 29 August 1942 ) was a Cornish fisherman and artist .
Grenville Booth ( born 2 April 1925 - May 1990 ) is a former English footballer .
Cleofonte Campanini ( 1 September 1860 -- 19 December 1919 ) was an Italian Conductor .
Gusztáv Gegus ( 5 October 1855 - 19 February 1933 ) was a Hungarian politician and jurist , who served as Minister of Justice for several days in 1906 .
Einarr Rognvaldarson often referred to by his byname Torf - Einarr ( sometimes anglicised as Turf - Einarr ) , ( fl . early 890s -- c . 910 ) was one of the Norse Earls of Orkney .
Thomas Fisher Morgan ( 1908 -- 18 January 1959 ) was a Welsh singer and actor best remembered as a principal bass - baritone with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company during the 1950s .
Odda of Deerhurst ( before 993 -- 31 August 1056 ) was an Anglo - Saxon nobleman active in the period from 1013 onwards .
James Stanhope , 1st Earl Stanhope PC ( c. 1673 -- 5 February 1721 ) was a British statesman and soldier who effectively served as Chief Minister between 1717 and 1721 .
Lars Jørgen Madsen ( 19 July 1871 -- 1 April 1925 ) was a Danish rifle shooter who competed in the early 20th century in rifle shooting .
Frances Morrell ( née Frances Maine Galleway ; 28 December 1937 -- 10 January 2010 ) was a British Labour politician who led the Inner London Education Authority 1983 - -87 .
Manuel Lepe Macedo ( April 17 , 1936 in Puerto Vallarta , Jalisco -- September 9 , 1984 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) Manuel Lepe was a Mexican artist who painted in a Naïve style , painting mostly themes based on the landscape and townscape of his native Puerto Vallarta .
John Tudor Gwynn ( 13 November 1881 in Ramelton , County Donegal , Ireland -- 17 May 1956 in Bangor , County Down , Northern Ireland ) was an Irish cricketer .
Jacob Wackernagel ( also Jakob ; 11 December 1853 -- 22 May 1938 ) was a Swiss linguist , Indo - Europeanist and scholar of Sanskrit .
John de Courcy Ireland ( 19 October 1911 -- 4 April 2006 ) was an Irish maritime historian and political activist .
Sreedharan Nair ( 11 September 1922 -- 19 October 1986 ) , popularly known as Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair or just Kottarakkara , was an Indian film actor in Malayalam movies .
Louis Niesten ( 1844 -- 1920 ) was a Belgian astronomer working at the Brussels Royal Observatory .
Ömer Diler ( 1945 , Istanbul -- 18 March 2005 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish numismatist specializing in Islamic coins .
Anastasios Christodoulou died from cancer at the General Hospital , Milton Keynes , on 20 May 2002 .
Sigismund Casimir , Crown Prince of Poland ( Polish : Zygmunt Kazimierz Waza ) , ( 1 April 1640 -- 9 August 1647 ) - was the only legitimate son of King Władysław IV and his first wife Queen Cecilia Renata .
Milan Kangrga ( 1 May 1923 -- 25 April 2008 ) was a Croatian and Yugoslav philosopher who was one of the leading thinkers in the Praxis school of thought which originated in the 1960s in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
Harry Desmond Briscoe ( 21 June 1925 -- 7 December 2006 ) was an English composer , sound engineer and studio manager .
Charles O. Bick ( 1909 - -1994 ) was the first chairman of the Metropolitan Toronto Board of Police Commissioners , the civilian body which oversaw the Metropolitan Toronto Police Force .
Paskoje Miličević Mihov ( around 1440 -- 1516 ) was a Croatian local builder .
Peter Tsao Kwang - yung , CBE ( 1989 ) ( Chinese : 曹廣榮 ; born 7 October 1933 , Shanghai -- died 6 June 2005 , Thailand ) was a career civil servant of Hong Kong .
Ambrose Corbie , also called Corby or Corbington ( 7 December 1604 -- 11 April 1649 ) was an English Jesuit , teacher and author .
Matthew George Easton ( 1823 - -1894 ) was a Scottish Presbyterian preacher and writer .
Johann Urban ( or Johannes Urban , 7 June 1863 -- 13 November 1940 ) was an Austrian chemist and industrialist .
Domhnall Ballach , also known as Donald Balloch MacDonald ( d. c. 1476 ) was a son of Iain Mòr Tànaiste MacDhòmhnaill and Margaret Bisset , daughter of MacEoin Bisset , Lord of The Glens .
John Houlding ( 1833 - -1902 ) was an English businessman , most notable for being Lord Mayor of Liverpool , and the founder of Liverpool Football Club .
Sir Thomas Joshua Platt KC ( 1788 or 1790 -- 1862 ) was a British judge who served as a Baron of the Exchequer .
Wajih ad - Din Mas'ud ( died 1344 ) was the leader of the Sarbadars of Sabzewar from 1338 - 1343 until his death .
Jorge Salazar Argüello ( 1939 -- 1980 ) , a Nicaraguan coffee grower and popular leader of UPANIC ( Union of Agricultural Producers of Nicaragua - Unión de Productores Agropecuarios de Nicaragua ) , seemed poised to become the leader of the opposition to the Sandinista government , until his death at the hands of State Security forces .
Shahbaz Khan Kamboh ( 1529 -- 11 November 1599 ) was one of the generals of Mughal Emperor Akbar .
Gérald Leblanc ( September 25 , 1945 -- May 30 , 2005 ) was an Acadian poet notable for seeking his own Acadian roots and the current voices of Acadian culture .
Joseph Mathen ( 1917 - -1995 ) was a member of the Kerala state Legislative assembly and the Rajya Sabha ( 1960 - -1966 ) .
Anna Jönsdotter ( 1820 - 1896 ) , known as Kloka Anna i Vallåkra ( Wise Anna of Vallåkra ) or Vallåkraflickan ( The Vallåkra Girl ) , was a Swedish cunning woman and natural healer .
Stafford Heginbotham ( 12 September 1933 -- 21 April 1995 ) was a British businessman and chairman of Bradford City football club at the time of 56 deaths in the Bradford City stadium fire , which occurred immediately after the club won league promotion that mandated a costly upgrading of spectator facilities .
Rev. Eliezer Williams ( baptised 4 October 1754 -- 20 January 1820 ) was a Welsh clergyman and genealogist , who served the Earl of Galloway as a family tutor and genealogical researcher .
Eugene Kleiner ( 12 May 1923 -- 20 November 2003 ) was an Austrian - born American engineer and venture capitalist .
Ioannis Pesmazoglou ( Greek : Ιωάννης Πεσμαζόγλου ; 1857 - -1906 ) was a Greek banker , economist and politician .
Richard Anthony Moore ( 23 January 1914 - 27 January 1995 ) was a lawyer , special counsel to President Richard M. Nixon , communications executive and U.S. Ambassador to Ireland ( 1989 - 1992 ) .
Dhirajlal Mahashankar Vishwanath Thaker ( 1897 - -1947 ) was a British colonial official and Paymaster General of the Port of Karachi ; the largest wheat and cotton exporting port in British India prior to partition , currently the largest port in Pakistan .
Hubert Joseph Walthère Frère - Orban ( 22 April 1812 - 2 January 1896 ) was a Belgian liberal politician and statesman .
William Clifford Massey ( 1917 - -1974 ) was an anthropologist who played a key role in the study of the prehistory of the Baja California Peninsula in Mexico .
Yekaterina von Engelhardt ( Russian : Екатерина Васильевна Энгельгардт ; 1761 - -1829 ) was a Russian lady in waiting and noble .
Frederic Dorr Steele ( 1873 - 1944 ) was an American illustrator best known for his work on the Sherlock Holmes stories .
Francis Cole Lowry Hamilton ( 26 April 1869 in Dublin , Ireland -- 16 December 1936 in Wicklow ) was an Irish cricketer .
Abraham Langford ( 1711 - -1774 ) was an English auctioneer and playwright .
Satish Dhawan ( 25 September 1920 -- 3 January 2002 ) was an Indian aerospace engineer , widely regarded as the father of experimental fluid dynamics research in India .
Sir Frank Douglas MacKinnon ( 11 February 1871 -- 23 January 1946 ) was an English lawyer , judge and writer , the only High Court judge to be appointed during the First Labour Government .
Antoine Aleksander Mirecki ( 13 April 1809 - 18 November 1882 ) , was a Polish violinist .
Francis Hobart Herrick ( 19 November 1858 Woodstock , Vermont - 11 September 1940 Cleveland , Ohio ) was an American writer , natural history illustrator and Professor of Biology at Adelbert College of Western Reserve University .
Isaac Jehner ( 2 December 1750 -- 1818 ) was a painter and engraver who worked in the West Country and London .
Ronald M. Cohen ( December 23 , 1939 , Chicago , Illinois -- April 21 , 1998 , Los Angeles , California ) was a US American screen writer and film producer .
Griffith Bodwrda ( 1621 - -1677 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1656 and 1660 .
Elhadi Adam Elhadi ( Arabic : الهادي آدم الهادي‎ ) , or Al - Hadi Adam Al - Hadi ( 1927 - 30 November 2006 ) , was a Sudanese writer and song writer born in El - Helalelih village , Al Jazirah state in central Sudan on the bank of the Blue Nile .
Cuth Harrison born Thomas Cuthbert Harrison ( 6 July 1906 -- 21 January 1981 ) was a British racing driver from England .
Herman Makkink ( 21 October , 1937 - 20 October 2013 ) was a Dutch sculptor , graphic artist and illustrator .
Kyprian Zochovskyj died on 26 October 1693 and was buried in Polotsk .
Archie Doyle ( died 1980 ) was one of three anti - Treaty members of the IRA who on 10 July 1927 assassinated the Irish Justice Minister Kevin O'Higgins .
Rhoda Boyd Smiley died there in 1823 .
Djadoeg Djajakusuma ( ( dʒaˈdʊʔ dʒajakuˈsuma ) ; 1 August 1918 -- 28 October 1987 ) , generally credited as D. Djajakusuma , was an Indonesian film director and promoter of traditional art forms .
Heinrich Rosenthal ( 7 July ( O.S. 25 June ) 1846 -- 10 May 1916 ) was an Estonian nationalist leader , doctor and author .
Per Brunsvig ( 1917 - -1997 ) was a Norwegian barrister .
Rifat Kukaj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рифат Кукај ) ( 25 October 1938 -- 11 September 2005 ) was a Kosovar Albanian and the a successful writer in Albanian literature for grown ups and children .
France Avčin ( 6 October 1910 -- 21 February 1984 ) was a Slovene electrical engineer and mountain safety expert and early lobbyist for Environmental protection .
Charles Montague Birch ( 1884 - -1947 ) was a British musical conductor .
Luigi Riccardi ( Lione 1808 - - Milano 1877 ) was an Italian painter .
Anna de Waal ( 25 November 1906 , Culemborg -- 22 March 1981 , Arnhem ) , was a Dutch politician ( Catholic party ) .
Willie Dunn , Sr . ( 19 August 1821 -- 14 February 1878 ) was a Scottish professional golfer who played during the mid - to - late 19th century .
Sir Robert Rankin , 1st Baronet ( 18 October 1877 -- 11 October 1960 ) was a Liverpool shipbuilder , and British Conservative politician , who was elected a Member of Parliament for Liverpool Kirkdale in 1931 until 1945 .
Lieutenant General Julio Canessa Roberts ( 19 March 1925 -- 24 January 2015 ) was a Chilean military and political figure .
Abraham Fleming ( Flemyng ) ( c.1552 - -1607 ) was an English clergyman , and a prolific writer , translator , contributor to others ' texts , editor and poet .
Kazimierz Orlik - Łukoski ( 13 September 1890 -- 1940 ) was a Polish military commander and one of the Generals of the Polish Army murdered by the Soviet Union in the Katyń massacre of 1940 .
Thomas Denne ( 25 January 1808 in England -- 11 August 1876 at Hythe , Kent ) was an English cricketer with amateur status .
Francesco Lambardi ( 1587 - -1642 ) was a Neapolitan Baroque composer who participated in the staging of feste a ballo with Giovanni Maria Trabaci .
Barrington Bourchier ( c 1627 - 29 October 1695 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Ofonius Tigellinus , also known as Tigellinus Ofonius , Ophonius Tigellinus and Sophonius Tigellinus ( c. 10 - -69 ) , was a prefect of the Roman imperial bodyguard , known as the Praetorian Guard , from 62 until 68 , during the reign of emperor Nero .
Increase Nowell , ( 1590 - -1655 ) , was a colonial administrator , original patentee of the Massachusetts Bay Company , founder of Charlestown , Massachusetts , and first ruling elder of the First Church in Charlestown .
Free Frank McWorter ( 1777 - -1854 ) was an American slave who bought his own freedom and in 1836 founded the town of New Philadelphia in Illinois ; he was the first African American to found a town in the United States .
James Glynn ( 1800 - -1871 ) was a U.S. Navy officer who in 1848 distinguished himself by being the first American to negotiate successfully with the Japanese during the `` Closed Country '' period .
Ernesto de Zulueta e Isasi ( Bilbao , 26 April 1892 -- Madrid , 9 September 1969 ) , Spanish Diplomat .
Lord Sydney Godolphin Osborne ( 5 February 1808 -- 9 May 1889 ) was an English cleric , philanthropist and writer .
Walter Goodfellow ( 1866 - -1953 ) was a British zoological collector and ornithologist .
Thomas Lorango , American pianist , was born on June 8 , 1959 in Buffalo , New York ; he died of AIDS on December 30 , 1992 in New York City .
Bedřich Fritta ( 19 September 1906 , Višňová -- 8 November 1944 , Auschwitz ) was a Czech - Jewish artist and cartoonist .
Harry George Woolley ( 4 January 1942 -- 23 May 2009 ) was a Canadian player , coach , referee , manager , scout and advocate for the game of lacrosse .
Sarah Poulton Kalley or Sarah Poulton Wilson ( 25 May 1825 -- 8 August 1907 ) was a British missionary to Brazil who helped create a Portuguese language hymnal still in use today .
Swami Nityaswarupananda ( 1899 - -1992 ) was a monk of Sri Ramakrishna Math . His biography has been written by Dr. Shelly Brown .
James A. Wetmore ( 1863 - 1940 ) was an American lawyer and administrator , best known as the Acting Supervising Architect of the U.S. Office of the Supervising Architect from 1915 through 1933 .
Psamtik I ( also spelled Psammeticus or Psammetichus ; Greek : Ψαμμήτιχος ) ( r. 664 -- 610 BCE ) , was the first of three kings of that name of the Saite , or Twenty - sixth dynasty of Egypt .
Thomas Courtland Manning ( born in Edenton , North Carolina , in 1831 -- died in New York City , 11 October 1887 ) was an American jurist .
Valetta Swann ( 1904 -- 1973 ) was an English painter and sculptor , known for her work related to rural and indigenous life in Mexico and the United States .
Thomas Bell Poole ( 1818 - -1865 ) was under - sheriff of Monterey County , and member of the Knights of the Golden Circle serving as a crewman of the Confederate privateer J. M. Chapman .
Mary Waldegrave , Countess Waldegrave , DBE ( 25 March 1850 -- 8 November 1933 ) was a British peeress .
Ana Livia Cordero ( July 1931 -- 1992 ) was a Puerto Rican doctor and political activist .
Jack Loughnan ( 4 August 1889 -- 19 November 1949 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John David Digues La Touche ( 5 June 1861 Tours -- 6 May 1935 , Majorca ( at sea ) ) was an Irish ornithologist , naturalist , and zoologist .
Czesław Lejewski ( 1913 - -2001 ) was a Polish philosopher and logician , and a member of the Lwow - Warsaw School of Logic .
Pieter Neefs the Younger or Pieter Neeffs the Younger ( bapt . 23 May 1620 - -after 1675 ) was a Flemish painter who specialized in architectural interiors of churches .
Henry Pottinger Stephens , also known as Henry Beauchamp ( 1851 -- 11 February 1903 ) , was an English dramatist and journalist .
John Glendy ( 1755 - -1832 ) was a Scots - Irish Presbyterian clergyman who served as Chaplain of the Senate of the United States .
Seán Cronin ( 29 August 1922 -- 9 March 2011 ) was a journalist and former Irish Army officer and twice Irish Republican Army chief of staff .
Arthur Edward George ( 17 June 1875 -- 8 September 1951 ) was an accomplished sportsman , an aviation pioneer , aircraft designer , racing driver , engineer and businessman .
Hilmar Friedrich Wilhelm Bleyl , known as Fritz Bleyl ( 8 October 1880 -- 19 August 1966 ) , was a German artist of the Expressionist school , and one of the four founders of artist group Die Brücke ( `` The Bridge '' ) .
Pieter van Noort ( 1622 -- 1672 ) was a Dutch painter of still lifes , often featuring fish .
Grigore Alexandru Ghica or Ghika ( 1803 or 1807 -- 24 August 1857 ) was a Prince of Moldavia between 14 October 1849 , and June 1853 , and again between 30 October 1854 , and 3 June 1856 .
Valerio Bona or Buona ( c. 1560 -- c. 1620 ) was an Italian composer of the early Baroque ; he was also a Franciscan friar .
Arthur Baldwinson ( 1908 - 1969 ) was one of Australia 's first generation of prominent modernist architects to experience the European modernist movement first hand .
Randall V. Mills ( 1907 - 1952 ) was an English professor with a variety of interests related to the Pacific Northwest , including steamboats , railroads and folklore .
Henry Matthews , 1st Viscount Llandaff PC , QC ( 13 January 1826 -- 3 April 1913 ) was a British lawyer and Conservative politician .
Henry Glassford Bell ( 5 November 1803 -- 7 January 1874 ) , a Scottish lawyer , poet and historian .
Willem Thibaut , Tybaut , or Tibout ( 1524 - -1597 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Mikel Conrad ( 30 July 1919 -- 11 September 1982 ) was an American actor and film director , writer and producer .
Alfred Bettman ( 1873 -- 1945 ) was one of the key founders of modern urban planning .
Montague Scott ( 1835 -- 15 May 1909 ) , also known as `` Montagu Scott '' and affectionately as `` Monty '' , was an Australian artist of great versatility , who came to be known for his portraits of racehorses .
Marten Waefelaerts ( 1748 - 1799 ) was a Flemish 18th century landscape painter .
Juan Gilberto Funes Baldovino ( 8 March 1963 -- 11 January 1992 ) , nicknamed `` El Búfalo '' ( The Buffalo ) , was an Argentine football player , known for his physical style of play .
David Fisher ( I ) ( 1760 - -1832 ) , was an actor and a theatre manager .
Eric Julius Biörner ( modern Swedish spelling Erik Julius Björner ) was born July 22 , 1696 in the Swedish parish of Timrå in Medelpad and died in 1750 .
Nicholas Netterville , 5th Viscount Netterville ( 1708 - 1750 ) was an Irish peer , who is mainly remembered now for being tried and acquitted by his peers on a charge of murder .
Eske Brun ( 25 May 1904 -- 11 October 1987 ) was a high civil servant in Greenland and in relation to Greenland from 1932 till 1964 .
Karl König ( 25 September 1902 -- 27 March 1966 ) was an Austrian paediatrician who founded the Camphill Movement , an international movement of therapeutic intentional communities for those with special needs or disabilities .
William Simson ( 1798/99 -- 29 August 1847 ) was a Scottish portrait , landscape and subject painter .
John Berkeley , 5th Baron Berkeley of Stratton PC ( 16 May 1697 -- 18 April 1773 ) , styled The Honourable John Berkeley until 1741 , was a British politician , the last of the Bruton branch of the Berkeley family .
Lars Benzon ( 1687 --1742 ) was a landowner and a deputy ( deputeret ) in the commissariat general of the Danish navy .
Johnny Weissmuller , Jr. ( 23 September 1940 -- 27 July 2006 ) was an American actor and longshoreman .
Bill Dodds ( 23 April 1882 -- 4 September 1934 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Roger Jaques ( died 1653 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 .
Franz Boluminski ( 12 November 1863 -- 28 April 1913 ) was a German colonial administrator .
Sir Christopher Seton ( 1278 - -1306 ) , also known as Christopher de Seton , was a 13th - century Scottish noble .
Kwasi Boakye ( 24 April 1827 -- 9 June 1904 ) , sometimes archaically spelt as Aquasi Boachi , was a Dutch mining engineer who was born a Prince of the Ashanti Empire .
Bertha van Heukelom ( died 1322 ) , was a Dutch noble , the legendary heroine of the Siege of IJsselstein Castle in 1296 .
William North , 6th Baron North and 2nd Baron Grey ( 22 December 1678 -- 31 October 1734 ) , known as Lord North and Grey , was an English soldier and Jacobite , and a peer for more than forty years .
Marion Coates Hansen , born Marion Coates ( c.1870 -- 2 January 1947 ) , was a feminist and women 's suffrage campaigner , an early member of the militant Women 's Social and Political Union ( WSPU ) and a founder member of the Women 's Freedom League ( WFL ) in 1907 .
Peter de Honestis ( c. 1049 -- 29 March 1119 ) was born at Ravenna .
Charles Cummings ( b. ca . 1870 , Indiana - d. 4 October 1918 , Los Angeles , California ) was an early American actor .
Ceolnoth is also known to have corresponded with Pope Leo IV . Archbishop Ceolnoth died on 4 February 870 .
Charles Bianconi ( 24 September 1786 -- 22 September 1875 ) was an Italo - Irish entrepreneur .
Saint Camillus de Lellis , M.I. , ( 25 May 1550 -- 14 July 1614 ) was an Italian priest who founded a religious Order dedicated to the care of the sick .
Farewell Watts ( 10 March 1904 -- 1970 ) was an English footballer who played as an inside right for Newport County and Tranmere Rovers .
According to the Vita Bonifatii auctore Willibaldo , on the morning of 5 June 754 , Boniface and 50 others , presumably including Eoban ( none of the companions are mentioned by name in the Vita ) , were killed at Dokkum ( The Netherlands ) by pagan Frisians .
Lieutenant General Alexander Duroure ( 1692 -- 1 February 1765 ) was a British Army officer who served as colonel of the 4th ( King 's Own ) Regiment of Foot .
Wensley Pithey ( 21 June 1914 -- 10 November 1993 ) was a South African - born character actor who had a long stage and film career in England .
Benedetto Rusconi , nicknamed the Diana , ( died 1525 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter , a companion of Vittore Carpaccio and Giovanni di Niccolò Mansueti , who lived in the latter part of the 15th and early part of the 16th centuries .
Vivek Shauq ( 21 June 1963 -- 10 January 2011 ) was a noted actor , comedian , writer and singer .
Kazi Golam Mahbub ( 23 December 1927 -- 19 March 2006 ) was a Bangladeshi activist and politician .
John Bascom Wolfe ( 8 July 1904 -- 5 January 1988 ) was an American social and behavioural psychologist best known for his study of the use of a token economy on chimpanzees .
Nikos Stavridis ( Greek : Νίκος Σταυρίδης ; 1910 -- 14 December 1987 ) was a Greek actor in film and theater .
Douglas Edward Hopkins ( born 23 December 1902 , died 1992 ) was a cathedral organist , who served at Peterborough Cathedral and Canterbury Cathedral .
Zsiga Pankotia ( or Pankotai ) was a 31-year - old Hungarian - born murderer who was hanged on Thursday , 29 June 1961 at Armley Gaol , Leeds , West Yorkshire , ( now HM Prison Leeds ) .
Humphrey Nicholls ( 1577 - 1643 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629 .
Ernst Arnold Lyongrün ( 1871 - -1935 ) was a German practitioner of the Jugendstil or Art Nouveau style of decorative arts and a painter in the Impressionistic mode .
Gotthard von Kettler ( also Ketteler , German : Gotthard Kettler , Herzog von Kurland ; 2 February 1517 -- 17 May 1587 ) was the last Master of the Livonian Order and the first Duke of Courland and Semigallia .
Bryant Walker ( 1856 - -1936 ) was an American malacologist who specialized in the non - marine Mollusca .
Michael Mavroudis was a martyr from Granitsa , who died in 1544 .
Emma Barrandeguy ( 8 March 1914 -- 19 December 2006 ) was an Argentine writer , journalist , poet , storyteller and playwright .
Charles Alexander Gunn or Charles A. Gunn ( 1870 - -1945 ) was an American architect active in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Margaret Mortimer , Baroness Berkeley ( 2 May 1304 -- 5 May 1337 ) was the wife of Thomas de Berkeley , 3rd Baron Berkeley .
Charles Golding Barrett ( 5 May 1836 , Colyton , Devon - 11 December 1904 , London ) was an English entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera .
William John Clappison ( 27 June 1937 - 21 February 2013 ) was an English ceramic and glass designer .
Joseph Franklin Dye ( 1831 - -1891 ) , 49er , miner , teamster , alleged member of the Mason Henry Gang , lawman , rancher and early oilman in Southern California .
Edward Makula ( 4 July 1930 - 15 January 1996 ) was a Polish glider pilot and engineer .
Phillipena ( Ena ) Noël , AOM ( 30 July 1910 to 7 December 2003 ) best known by the name Ena Noël , was an inspirational school teacher and advocate for children 's literature and library services to children and young adults .
Étienne - Hippolyte Godde ( 26 December 1781 -- 1869 ) was a French neoclassic architect .
Nanya ( c.1835 -- 1895 ) was an Australian aboriginal man who founded a family that would be one of the last to live by traditional indigenous means in New South Wales .
Josiah Hardy ( 1715 - -1790 ) was a British merchant and colonial administrator who served as colonial Governor of New Jersey between 1761 and 1763 .
Orestis Laskos ( Greek : Ορέστης Λάσκος ; 11 November 1907 -- 17 October 1992 ) was a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .
Thomas Hamilton , 6th Earl of Haddington KT FRCPE ( baptised 5 September 1680 -- 29 November 1735 ) was a Scottish politician and nobleman .
Abu'l - Qasim Ubaydallah ibn Abdallah ibn Khordadbeh ( Persian : ابوالقاسم عبیدالله ابن خردادبه‎‎ ) ( c. 820 -- 912 CE ) , better known as Ibn Khordadbeh , was the author of the earliest surviving Arabic book of administrative geography .
Johann Julius Walbaum ( 30 June 1724 , Wolfenbüttel -- 21 August 1799 ) was a physician , naturalist and taxonomist .
Aili Siiskonen ( 9 February 1907 in Mikkeli -- 15 January 1983 ) was a Finnish journalist , civil servant and politician .
Carl Wilhelm Rubenson ( 30 July 1885 -- 29 July 1960 ) was a Swedish - born Norwegian mountaineer and non - fiction writer .
Constance Stokes ( née Parkin , 22 February 1906 -- 14 July 1991 ) was a modernist Australian painter who worked in Victoria .
Franklin L. Sheppard ( 1852 - 1930 ) was a well - known Christian hymn composer who set the poem , This is My Father 's World , to music .
Thomas Jensen ( Copenhagen , 25 October 1898 -- Frederiksberg , 13 November 1963 ) was a Danish orchestra conductor .
George Geary Bennis ( 1790 - -1866 ) was a writer , originally from Limerick in Ireland .
Mina P. Shaughnessy ( 1924 - -1978 ) , born in the mining town of Lead , South Dakota , was a teacher and innovator in the field of basic writing at the City University of New York ( CUNY ) .
Dr. Mohammad Marwan Arafat ( 5 January 1945 -- 12 June 2012 ) was a Syrian footballer , referee , sports analyst , academic lecturer and journalist , well known for being the first Arabic and Asian football referee to be a linesman in a 3rd place Olympic game match ( Moscow 1980 ) .
Arthur Sparke ( 5 June 1628 -- 1677 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Aryeh Altman ( Hebrew : אריה אלטמן‎ , 6 January 1902 -- 21 August 1982 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal between 1951 and 1965 .
Jabez Allies ( 22 October 1787 -- 29 January 1856 ) was an English folklorist and antiquarian .
Tito Burns ( 7 February 1921 -- 23 August 2010 ) was a British musician and impresario , who was active in both jazz and rock and roll .
Sir Thomas Willys , 1st Baronet ( c. 1614 -- 17 November 1701 ) of Fen Ditton in Cambridgeshire , was a Member of Parliament for Cambridgeshire and Cambridge .
Edward de Courcy Clarke ( 10 November 1880 -- 30 November 1956 ) , was a teacher , researcher and field geologist , winner of the Clarke Medal in 1954 .
Baro Tumsa ( 1938 - -1978 ) was a pharmacist , lawyer and Oromo nationalist and political activist in Ethiopia .
Thomas Grissell ( 4 October 1801 -- 26 May 1874 ) was an English public works contractor who was responsible for constructing a number of prestigious buildings in England .
Beatrix de Rijke ( 1421 -- 1468 ) , was a Dutch foundling in Dordrecht in 1421 .
Henry Olerich ( 1851 - -1927 ) was a utopian author from Nebraska .
Frank D. Yuengling ( 27 September 1876 - 29 January 1963 ) was an American businessman , the president and owner of the Pottsville , Pennsylvania brewer , Yuengling .
Hermann Josef Fanger ( aka Herman Fanger ) ( 27 Mar 1895 - Aug 1971 ) was a Swiss - born inventor best known for contributions to technologies ranging from the coaxial speaker to sonar .
Richard Molyneux , 1st Viscount Molyneux ( 1594 - -1636 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1628 when he was created a peer .
Pierre Courteys ( d. 1602 ? ) was a French enamel painter , working in Limoges .
Varsken ( Middle Persian : Vazgēn ) , was a Iranian prince from the Mihranid family of Gardman , who served as the viceroy of Gugark from 470 to 482 .
Murad Ashurly ( Azerbaijani : Murad Aşurlu ; born August 31 , 1972 in Baku , Azerbaijani SSR , USSR - 22 October 2014 in Ama Dablam , Nepal ) was an Azerbaijani mountaineer , cousin of the prominent climber Israfil Ashurly .
Nils Carl Gustaf Fersen Gyldenstolpe ( 30 September 1886 - 10 April 1961 ) was a Swedish explorer , zoologist and ornithologist .
Gunnar A. Sjögren ( `` GAS '' , 1920 - -1996 ) was a Swedish engineer who worked for Saab Automobile and the author of The SAAB Way - the first 35 years of Saab cars , 1949 - 1984 .
Magdalena of Sweden ( Swedish : Magdalena Karlsdotter 1445 -- August 1495 ) was a Swedish princess .
Jacob Alting ( 27 September 1618 -- 20 August 1679 ) was a Dutch philologist and theologian .
Charles Patrick Fitzgerald ( better known as C. P. Fitzgerald ) ( 5 March 1902 -- 13 April 1992 ) was a British historian .
Pawlo Humeniuk ( c. 1884 -- January 24 , 1965 ) was a Ukrainian - American fiddler from the early 20th century , one of the biggest stars of the era 's ethnic music .
Pierre Guérin de Montaigu ( died 1230 ) was a nobleman from Auvergne , who became the 13th Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller , in 1207 - -28 .
Constance of Świdnica ( c. 1313 -- 21 November 1363 ) was a member of the Piast dynasty in the Świdnica - Jawor branch and by marriage Duchess of Głogów .
First Lieutenant Alejandro Bello Silva ( 1887 - c. 1914 ) was a Chilean aviator who disappeared during his qualifying flight for certification as a military pilot .
Saint Stephen the Sabaite ( 725 - -796 ) was a Christian monk from Julis , a district of Gaza .
Tang Ching - sung ( traditional Chinese : 唐景崧 ; simplified Chinese : 唐景嵩 ; pinyin : Táng Jǐngsōng ) ( 1841 - -1903 ) was a Chinese general and statesman .
Robert Bontine Cunninghame Graham ( 24 May 1852 -- 20 March 1936 ) was a Scottish politician , writer , journalist and adventurer .
Štěpánka Haničincová ( née Hubáčková ; 30 September 1931 -- 27 October 1999 ) was a Czechoslovak actress , screenwriter , dramaturge and children 's television presenter .
Jedaiah ben Abraham Bedersi ( c. 1270 -- c. 1340 ) ( Hebrew : ידעיה הבדרשי ) was a Jewish poet , physician , and philosopher ; born at Béziers ( hence his surname Bedersi ) .
Thomas Michael Greenhow ( 5 July 1792 -- 25 October 1881 ) was an English medical doctor .
Maurice Tompkin ( 17 February 1919 -- 27 September 1956 ) was an English sportsman who played first - class cricket with Leicestershire and professional football for Bury , Leicester City , Huddersfield Town and Kettering Town .
Bruce Bellas ( 1909 -- 1974 ) was an influential photographer of the physique of nude males .
Joseph Knibb ( 1640 - -1711 ) was an English clockmaker of the Restoration era .
Sophus Frederik Kühnel ( 11 Maj 1851 -- 13 October 1930 ) was a Danish architect best known for his design of Mejlborg and a number of other buildings in Aarhus .
Captain Fergus Bowes - Lyon ( 18 April 1889 -- 27 September 1915 ) was a British soldier and older brother of Elizabeth Bowes - Lyon , Queen consort of the United Kingdom from 1936 until 1952 .
William de Lacy Aherne ( 1867/8 -- 4 December 1945 ) was an English architect , notable for the design of a large number of houses in Arts and Crafts styles in the Moseley area of Birmingham .
'' John McGahern ( 12 November 1934 -- 30 March 2006 ) is regarded as one of the most important Irish writers of the latter half of the twentieth century .
Sir George William Kekewich ( 1 April 1841 -- 5 July 1921 ) was a British Civil Servant and Liberal Party politician .
Ralph Helstein ( 11 December 1908 - 14 February 1985 ) was an American labour union official .
Faustino Bocchi ( 1659 - -1742 ) was an Italian painter , active in Brescia , who specialized in bizarre paintings of dwarfs .
Mutallip Hajim ( died 2008 ) was a prominent Uyghur businessman from Xinjiang province in China who died while in police custody .
Louis Bamberger ( 15 May 1855 -- 11 March 1944 ) was Newark , New Jersey 's leading citizen from the early 1900s until his death in 1944 .
Kishor Shantabai Kale ( 1970 - -2007 ) was a Marathi writer and social worker from Maharashtra , India .
David E. Weston ( 19 January 1929 -- 16 November 2001 ) was an English physicist , who worked at the Admiralty Research Establishment .
Eliska Vincent ( née Eliska Girard 1841 - -1914 ) was a Utopian socialist and militant feminist in France .
Arughtai , also known as Alutai ( Chinese : 阿魯台 ; Wade -- Giles : A - lu - t’ai ; d. 1434 ) , was a chingsang of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia , who fought against the Yongle Emperor of Ming dynasty China and the Four Oirats .
Tobias Crisp D.D. ( 1600 - -1643 ) was an English clergyman and reputed antinomian .
Stevan Simić ( Kratovo , 9 May 1882 -- Skopje , 25 June 1962 ) was a Serb geographer , educational and national worker in Macedonia and a MP in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Robert Fotherby ( died 1646 ) was an early 17th - century English explorer and whaler .
Omer Létourneau ( 13 March 1891 -- 14 August 1983 ) was a Québécois pianist , organist , composer and orchestra conductor .
James P. Aykroyd ( 1810 - - July 1835 Nashville , Tennessee ) was an early American composer , arranger , and music educator of piano , organ , and voice in New Bern , North Carolina , Raleigh , North Carolina , and Nashville , Tennessee .
Filippo di Matteo Torelli ( active 1440 - 1468 ) was an Italian painter and illuminator .
Teodora Ricci - Bàrtoli ( Verona 1750 - Venezia 1806 ) , was a Venetian actress .
Walter Nausch ( 5 February 1907 -- 11 July 1957 ) was an Austrian footballer , who later became a football manager .
Léon Vanderkindere ( 22 February 1842 - -9 November 1906 ) was a Belgian historian , academic and politician .
Christine Chaundler ( 5 September 1887 - 15 December 1972 ) was a British children 's author , who also wrote under the name `` Peter Martin '' .
Jürg Neuenschwander ( 14 January 1947 -- 23 March 2014 ) was a Swiss organist and musician .
Yerucham Gorelick ( 1911 - -1983 ) was a distinguished Rosh yeshiva in the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary ( RIETS ) for forty years ( 1943 - -1983 ) .
Edward Thaddeus Barleycorn Barber ( 1865 - -1948 ) was born on 1 July 1865 in the Spanish colonized capital city of Santa Isabel on the island of Fernando Po in West Africa .
Winifred Emma May ( 4 June 1907 -- 28 August 1990 ) was a poet from the United Kingdom , best known for her work under the pen name Patience Strong .
Aubrey Martyn ( 4 January 1907 -- 13 February 1989 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Lieutenant - Colonel John Pitt Kennedy ( 1796 - -1879 ) was a British military engineer , agricultural reformer and civil servant .
Ethel Colburn Mayne ( 7 January 1865 - 30 April 1941 ) was an Irish novelist , short - story writer , biographer , literary critic , journalist and translator .
Antonio De La Fuente ( August 24 , 1902 -- January 1970 ) was a Mexican American professional boxer in the Heavyweight division .
Evander Bradley McGilvary Ph.D. ( July 19 , 1864 - -September 11 , 1953 ) was an American philosophical scholar , born in Bangkok to American Presbyterian missionaries , the Rev. Daniel McGilvary and Mrs. Sophia McGilvary .
Jon St. Ables , born Jon Stables , ( December 23 , 1912 -- 1999 ) was a British - born cartoonist .
Lars Fletre ( June 22 , 1904 -- September 9 , 1977 ) was a prominent Norwegian - American designer and sculptor .
Franz Lefler ( 1831 , Langenbruck ( now Dlouhý Most ) , Bohemia - 19 June 1898 , Weißenbach an der Triesting ) was an Austrian painter .
Virginia Field ( 4 November 1917 -- 2 January 1992 ) was a British - born film actress .
Guy Maxwell Aylwin AAdipl FRIBA ( 1889 - -1968 ) was a notable British architect , practising almost wholly in the West Surrey area around Farnham .
Ernesto de Quesada López Chaves ( 1 November 1886 -- 1972 ) was the Cuban - born impresario who founded Conciertos Daniel , the classical music management agency now known as Hispania Clásica .
Seraphina Sforza ( 1434 -- 8 September 1478 ) , born Sveva da Montefeltro , was an Italian noblewoman and nun , a Poor Clare after her husband Alessandro Sforza discarded her .
Bivin of Gorze ( 810/830 - -863 ) was a Frank from the Bosonid - family .
Edward Dexter Sohier ( 1810 - -1888 ) was a United States lawyer , best remembered for defending John White Webster in a murder trial in 1850 .
Andrija Maurović ( 29 March 1901 -- 2 September 1981 ) was a renowned comic book author , often called the father of Croatian and Yugoslav comics .
William ap Thomas ( died 1445 ) was a member of the Welsh gentry family that came to be known as the Herbert family through his son William Herbert , 1st Earl of Pembroke and is an ancestor of the current Earls of Pembroke .
Jules Bourcier ( 1797 , Cuisery -- 9 March 1873 , Batignolles ) was a French naturalist .
Dr. Andrey Avinoff ( 14 February 1884 - 16 July 1949 ) ( sometimes referred to as Andrej Nikolajewitsch Avinoff or Andrei Avinoff ) , was a Russian entomologist .
Wang Duo ( 王鐸 ) ( died 884 ) , courtesy name Zhaofan ( 昭範 ) , formally the Duke of Jin ( 晉公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Yizong and Emperor Yizong 's son Emperor Xizong .
Morris Moss ( May 31 , 1842 - 1896 ) was a British Columbian colonist and Canadian pioneer .
Johannes Gysius ( born about 1583 -- died 1652 ) was a Dutch historian and minister .
Dr Joseph George Davidson FRSE ( 1892 - 1969 ) was an American chemist and inventor .
Francis Mezger ( 25 October 1632 -- 11 December 1701 ) was an Austrian Benedictine academic and writer , of St. Peter 's Archabbey , Salzburg .
Yi Yu - won ( Hangul : 이유원 ; 1814 - -1888 ) was a scholar - official of the late Joseon period .
Djanira da Motta e Silva ( Avaré , 20 June 1914 -- Rio de Janeiro , 31 May 1979 ) was a Brazilian painter , illustrator and engraver .
Hussein Dey ( also spelled Husayn Dey ; 1765 , Smyrna - 1838 , Alexandria ) ( Arabic : حسين داي‎ ) , was the last of the Ottoman provincial rulers of the Regency of Algiers .
Nicholas Orsini ( Greek : Νικόλαος Ορσίνι , Nikolaos Orsini , Italian : Nicola d'Epiro ) was count palatine of Cephalonia from 1317 to 1323 and ruler of Epirus from 1318 to 1323 .
Lord Edward Charles Cavendish - Bentinck ( 3 March 1744 -- 8 October 1819 ) , known as Lord Edward Bentinck , was a British politician .
Captain James Murison MLC ( 1816 - 1885 ) was an influential member of the Legislative Council of the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope .
The Honourable William Napier Bruce CH CB ( 18 January 1858 -- 20 March 1936 ) was a British lawyer and educationalist .
Robert Wydow ( c. 1446 -- 1505 ) was an English poet , church musician , and religious figure .
Sir Samuel Knox Cunningham , 1st Baronet , QC ( 3 April 1909 - 29 July 1976 ) was a Northern Irish barrister , businessman and politician .
Mohamed Lamine Sanha ( died 6 January 2007 ) was a Bissau - Guinean Naval Chief of Staff .
Eric Gurney ( 1910 - -1992 ) was a Canadian - American cartoonist and illustrator .
Alphonse Hasselmans ( 5 March 1845 -- 19 May 1912 ) was a Belgian - born French harpist , composer , and pedagogue .
Bertram Lichtenstein ( 28 October 1918 -- 7 June 1989 ) was an American clothing manufacturer .
James Fitzpatrick ( died 1778 ) , better known as Sandy Flash , was a highwayman who operated in the areas west of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ( now parts of Chester and Delaware counties ) in the late 18th century .
Carlo Antonio Porporati ( Volterra , 18 November 1741 -- Turin , 16 June 1816 ) was an Italian engraver and painter .
Aminath Faiza ( ca . 29 September 1924 -- 25 February 2011 ) was a Maldivian Dhivehi language poet and author .
Frank Saldo ( 10 July 1882 -- 1 June 1939 ) ( born as Frank Harold Woollaston ) was an early bodybuilder , and with his brothers Monte Saldo and Edwin Woollaston was a member of the strongman act The Montague Brothers in the early twentieth century .
Giovan Maria Salati ( 1796 - 1879 ) was a Napoleonic soldier who was the first person to swim across the English Channel .
George Keats ( 28 February 1797 -- 24 December 1841 ) was a businessman and civic leader in Louisville , Kentucky , as it emerged from a frontier entrepôt into a mercantile center of the old northwest .
Ljupčo Jordanovski ( Macedonian : Љупчо Јордановски , pronounced ( ʎupt͡ʃɔ jɔrdanɔfski ) ; 13 February 1953 -- 7 October 2010 ) was a Macedonian seismologist and politician .
François - Xavier Babineau ( 21 March 1825 -- 16 April 1890 ) was a Canadian Catholic priest , and the first New Brunswick - born Acadian to become a Catholic priest .
Howard Fox ( 10 December 1836 -- 15 November 1922 ) was a shipping agent and played a large part in the economic and cultural development of the town of Falmouth , Cornwall .
Casimir Lefaucheux ( 26 January 1802 -- 9 August 1852 ) was a French gunsmith .
Irene Ighodaro ( 16 May 1916 -- 29 November 1995 ) was a Sierra Leonean physician and social reformer .
Peter Claussen ( 1804 - 1855 ) was a Danish natural history collector born in Copenhagen .
Eugene Halliday ( 1911 - -1987 ) was a British artist , writer , and teacher .
Andronikos Asen Zaccaria or Asanes Zaccaria ( died 1401 ) was a Frankish lord of the Principality of Achaea in southern Greece .
Charles Bagge Plowright ( 3 April 1849 -- 24 April 1910 ) was a British doctor and mycologist .
Humphrey Fenn ( died 1634 ) , was an English puritan divine .
Carl Robin Geary , Sr , was elected mayor of Tracy City , Tennessee on April 13 , 2010 .
Diana Russell , Duchess of Bedford ( née Lady Diana Spencer ; 31 July 1710 -- 27 September 1735 ) , was a member of the Spencer family known for the unsuccessful attempt of marriage with Frederick , Prince of Wales .
Frederick Cathcart ( 1859 - 1934 ) was a British impresario , who was the Clerk of the Course and Chairman of Cheltenham Racecourse from 1908 to 1934 .
Jocelyn Herbert RDI ( 22 February 1917 -- 6 May 2003 ) was a highly influential British stage designer .
Hasmukh Dhirajlal Sankalia ( હસમુખ ધીરજલાલ સાંકળિયા ) ( 10 December 1908 - 28 January 1989 ) was an Indian archaeologist , specializing in Proto- and Ancient Indian history .
Arthur Adamov ( 23 August 1908 -- 15 March 1970 ) was a playwright , one of the foremost exponents of the Theatre of the Absurd .
Big Bear also known as Mistahi - maskwa ( c.1825 -- 17 January 1888 ) was a powerful and popular Cree chief who played many pivotal roles in Canadian history .
Humphrey Sturt ( c. 1724 -- 20 October 1786 ) was a British architect and Member of Parliament .
Willie Finnigan ( 24 November 1912 -- 23 April 2006 ) was a Scottish football player and coach , who played for Hibernian and Dunfermline Athletic .
Lieutenant - General Sipho Binda MMS ( 13 July 1952 - 10 November 2006 ) was a South African military commander who served as Chief of the Joint Operations Division of the South African National Defence Force before his death on 10 November 2006 .
Edmund Trowbridge Dana ( 29 August 1818 , in Cambridge , Massachusetts -- 18 May 1869 , in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) was a United States jurist and a nephew of Judge Edmund Trowbridge .
Emily Soldene ( 30 September 1838 -- 8 April 1912 ) was an English singer , actress , director , theatre manager , novelist and journalist of the late Victorian era and the Edwardian period .
Tepure Tapaitau QSM ( died 14 November 2010 ) was a Cook Islands politician , Cabinet Minister , and Deputy Leader of the Cook Islands Democratic Party and also the first Cook Islander to become the Commissioner of Police .
Tsagaanlamyn Dügersüren ( Mongolian : Цаганламын Дугэрсурэн ; 1914 - 1986 ) was acting Chairman of the Presidium of the State Little Khural(acting titular head of state ) of Mongolian People 's Republic from May 20 , 1972 to June 29 , 1972 following the death of Jamsrangiin Sambuu .
Maureen O'Carroll ( née McHugh ; 29 March 1913 -- 9 May 1984 ) was an Irish Labour Party politician who sat from 1954 to 1957 as Teachta Dála ( TD ) for Dublin North--
Richard Claridge ( 1649 - -1723 ) was an English Anglican priest and Quaker convert .
Anthony Cottrell ( 21 March 1806 -- 4 May 1860 ) was a farmer and one of fifteen investors in the Port Phillip Association .
Major - General Sir Trevor Chute KCB ( 31 July 1816 -- 12 March 1886 ) was an Irish soldier in the British army , whose six week campaign during the Second Taranaki War was the last to be carried out in New Zealand by imperial troops .
Heinrich Rantzau or Ranzow ( Ranzovius ) ( 11 March 1526 -- 31 December 1598 ) was a German humanist writer and statesman , a prolific astrologer and an associate of Tycho Brahe .
Zheng Wenguang ( Chinese : 郑文光 ; pinyin : Zhèng Wén Guāng , 9 April 1929 - 17 June 2003 ) was a Chinese science fiction writer .
Francis Webb Sheilds ( 8 October 1820 -- 18 January 1906 ) was a civil engineer on the Sydney Railway Company during its construction but before its opening .
Sir Shri Maharana Bhupal Singh Bahadur KCIE ( 1884 -- 4 July 1955 ) , also spelt Bhopal Singh , was the ruler of the Indian princely state of Udaipur ( or Mewar ) from 1930 and also Rajpramukh of Rajasthan from 1948 until his death on 4 July 1955 .
Franklin Leonard Pope ( 2 December 1840 -- 13 October 1895 ) was an American engineer , explorer , and inventor .
Joseph Bonomi the Younger ( 9 October 1796 -- 3 March 1878 ) was an English sculptor , artist , Egyptologist and museum curator .
James Brudenell , 5th Earl of Cardigan ( 20 April 1725 -- 24 February 1811 ) , styled The Honourable James Brudenell until 1780 and known as The Lord Brudenell between 1780 and 1790 , was a British politician and courtier .
Ibrahim Hussein Berro ( Arabic : ابراهيم حسين برّو‎ ) ( c. 1973 -- 1994 ) was a member of Hezbollah allegedly responsible for the 1994 AMIA Bombing in Buenos Aires , which killed 85 people .
Perley Ason Ross ( 6 April 1883 - 13 March 1939 ) was a U.S. experimental physicist who worked , carefully and without seeking publicity , at some essential problems in the behaviour of X - rays .
Swami Shambhavananda ( 1894 - -1972 ) was an Indian Hindu monk who pioneered beekeeping in Kodagu and secondary education in Mysore .
Abdel Moneim Amin ( Arabic : عبد المنعم أمين‎ ) ( 1912 - -1996 ) was an Egyptian military figure and politician .
Lenoir C. Wright ( 1911- March 18 , 2003 ) was a professor emeritus of History and Political Science at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro where he taught Asian history and culture .
Francis Adam Goodman ( 1827 - -1898 ) served the public most of his life as a politician and as a Union Army soldier .
Edward Dalby ( c. 1616/1615 - 30 March 1672 ) was a Recorder of Reading .
James Dalzell , 3rd Earl of Carnwath ( 1648−1683 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Franciscus Plante ( 21 April 1613 ( bapt . ) -- 1690 ) was a Dutch poet and chaplain .
Paul Tangi Mhova Mkondo ( 23 December 1945 -- 9 May 2013 ) was a Zimbabwean nationalist , academic , and businessman .
Sir Allan Maclean , 3rd Baronet of Morvern ( 1645 - -1674 ) was the 19th Clan Chief of Clan Maclean from 1651 to 1674 .
Germinal Pierre Dandelin ( 12 April 1794 -- 15 February 1847 ) was a mathematician , soldier , and professor of engineering .
Henry Percy , 2nd Earl of Northumberland ( 3 February 1393 -- 22 May 1455 ) was an English nobleman and military commander in the lead up to the Wars of the Roses .
In August 2003 , Maurice Ascalon succumbed to complications related to Parkinson 's Disease , an illness he endured during most of the final decade of his life .
Hugh Clifford , 3rd Baron Clifford of Chudleigh was born on 14 April 1700 and died on 26 March 1732 in Ugbrooke , where he was buried .
Robert Campin ( c. 1375 -- 26 April 1444 ) , now usually identified as the artist known as the Master of Flémalle , is usually considered the first great master of Flemish and Early Netherlandish painting .
Derek Taylor ( 7 May 1932 -- 8 September 1997 ) was an English journalist , writer and publicist .
Allan Hope ( 19 February 1903 -- 2 August 1984 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Arthur Rutledge ( 29 August 1843 -- 8 February 1917 ) was a lawyer and politician in Queensland ( Australia ) .
Dricky Beukes ( 29 December 1918 , Prieska , Northern Cape -- 9 November 1999 ) was a writer of Afrikaans novels , short stories and radio dramas .
Leonard Waldemar Hoff ( 22 May 1886 -- 16 July 1947 ) was a Norwegian railway director .
Edgar Feuchtinger ( 9 November 1894 -- 21 January 1960 ) was a German General ( Generalleutnant ) during the Second World War .
Eva Pflug ( 12 June 1929 -- 5 August 2008 ) was a German film and television actress , as well as a voice actress .
John Macdonald Cameron ( 8 April 1847 -- 3 September 1912 ) was a Scottish chemist and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892 .
Major - General Sir Hamilton Bower KCB ( 1858 - -1940 ) was a British Indian Army officer who wrote about his travels through Chinese Turkestan and Tibet .
Albertino Mussato ( 1261 -- 31 May 1329 ) was a Northern Italian statesman , poet , historian and playwright .
Paddy Chew ( 29 March 1960 -- 21 August 1999 ) was the first Singaporean AIDS victim to come out to the general public .
Thomas Boston ( 17 March 1676 -- 20 May 1732 ) was a Scottish church leader , theologian and philosopher .
Norman Pellegrini ( 18 July 1929 , Chicago - 2 July 2009 , Chicago ) was an American radio executive , producer , and personality .
Zong Chen ( Chinese:宗臣 , Zōng Chén;1525 - -1560 ) was a major Chinese scholar - official of the Ming Dynasty .
Hugh Algernon Weddell ( 22 June 1819 -- 22 July 1877 ) was a physician and botanist , specialising in South American flora .
Pedro Morales Torres ( born 1 January 1967 -- 13 September 2000 ) was a Chilean former football manager .
John Mór Tanister ( Scottish Gaelic : Eòin Mòr Tànaiste or Iain MacDhòmhnaill , died 1427 ) was the second son of John Macdonald ( John of Islay , Lord of the Isles ) and Princess Margaret Stewart of Scotland , daughter of King Robert II . He is the founder of Clan MacDonald of Dunnyveg .
Vice - Admiral Peregrine Osborne , 2nd Duke of Leeds ( 1659 -- 25 June 1729 ) , styled Viscount Osborne between 1673 and 1689 , Earl of Danby between 1689 and 1694 and Marquess of Carmarthen between 1694 and 1712 , was an English Tory politician .
John Arbuthnott , 8th Viscount of Arbuthnott DL FRSE ( 16 January 1778 -- 10 January 1860 ) was a Scottish peer and soldier .
Robert Dormer , 1st Earl of Carnarvon ( 1610 -- 20 September 1643 ) was an English peer .
John Hoadly ( 1678 - -1746 ) was an Anglican divine in the Church of Ireland .
Thomas Van Renssalaer Gibbs ( 1855 - -1898 ) was a politician and a member of the 1886 Florida Constitutional Convention .
Zhang Tingfa ( Chinese : 张廷发 ; 9 April 1918 -- 25 March 2010 ) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary and a major general of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) .
Archdeacon Hone Kaa ( 9 April 1941 -- 29 March 2012 ) was an Auckland - based Anglican church leader , child welfare advocate and social - justice campaigner .
Pilt Carin Ersdotter ( 1814 - 1885 ) , was a Swedish milkmaid from Djura in Dalarna who became famous for her beauty .
Ivar Bergersen Sælen ( 19 November 1855 -- 24 November 1923 ) was Norwegian Minister of Education and Church Affairs in 1923 .
Anna Maria Franziska Charlotta Almlöf , née Ficker , ( June 16 , 1813 -- 1882 ) , was a Swedish stage actress .
Rodolfo Sciammarella ( 1902 - -1973 ) was an Argentine composer who worked on many film scores during his career .
Aratius ( Greek : ' Αράτιος , d. 552 ) was an Armenian military commander of the 6th century .
Dorothy Catherine of Brandenburg - Ansbach ( 23 February 1538 , Ansbach -- 18 January 1604 , Toužim ) was a princess of Brandenburg - Ansbach and by marriage burggravine of Meissen .
Rudolf Trümpy ( 1921 -- 30 January 2009 ) was a Swiss Geologist , who was born in the small Swiss town of Glarus .
Alvan Williams ( 21 November 1932 -- December 2003 ) was a Welsh former professional footballer and manager .
Gustav Adolf Semler ( 14 March 1885 -- 24 February 1968 ) was a German film actor of the silent era .
Yenovk Shahen ( Armenian : Ենովք Շահէն ; 3 February 1881 -- 28 May 1915 ) was an Armenian actor and director who lived in the Ottoman Empire .
Otto Eugene Adams ( Sr . ) ( 1889 - 1968 ) , the architect , was born in Baltimore November 1 , 1889 to a family with Baltimore and German ancestry .
Rangaswamy Narasimhan ( 1926 - 2007 ) was an Indian computer and cognitive scientist , regarded by many as the father of computer science research in India .
Bartolomeo Barbarino ( known as `` Il Pesarino '' ) ( ca . 1568 - -ca . 1617 or later ) was an Italian composer and singer of the early Baroque era .
Pope Pius VI ( 25 December 1717 -- 29 August 1799 ) , born Count Giovanni Angelo Braschi , reigned from 15 February 1775 to his death in 1799 .
Theophile Meerschaert ( 24 August 1847 -- 21 February 1924 ) was a Belgian - born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Vinod Mehta ( 31 May 1942 -- 8 March 2015 ) was an Indian journalist , editor and political commentator .
Vera Nikolaevna Maslennikova ( Russian : Вера Николаевна Масленникова ; 29 April 1926 -- 14 August 2000 ) was a Russian Mathematician known for her contributions to the theory of partial differential equations .
Silvester Petra Sancta ( 1590 , in Rome -- 6 May 1647 , in Rome ) was an Italian Jesuit priest , and heraldist .
Hannah Greg ( née Lightbody ) ( 1766 - -1834 ) was the daughter of a wealthy Unitarian Liverpool merchant , Adam Lightbody ( 1729 - -1778 ) and Elizabeth Tylston ( 1735 - -1801 ) .
Ferris de Joux ( 1935 - -2009 ) was a designer , engineer and constructor of sports cars .
Arthur Wellington Clah ( 1831 -- 1916 ) was a Canadian First Nations employee of the Hudson 's Bay Company at Lax Kw'alaams ( Port Simpson ) , B.C. , who was also a hereditary chief in the Tsimshian nation , an anthropological informant , a Methodist missionary , and an extensive diarist .
Arthur Rose ( also found as Ross ; 1634 - -1704 ) was a Scottish minister , Archbishop of St Andrews , and , informally , the first Episcopal Primate of Scotland , after the fall of the Restoration Episcopate in 1689 .
Ted Cordner ( 31 January 1919 -- 4 March 1996 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1940s .
Thomas Netter ( c. 1375 -- 2 November 1430 ) was an English Scholastic theologian and controversialist .
Arthur Nicolson , 1st Baron Carnock , GCB , GCMG , GCVO , KCIE ( 19 September 1849 - -5 November 1928 ) , known as Sir Arthur Nicolson , 11th Baronet , from 1899 to 1916 , was a British diplomat and politician during the last quarter of the 19th century to the middle of World War I.
Leslie Barringer ( 1895 - -1968 ) was an English editor and author of historical novels and historical fantasy novels , best known for the latter .
Frederick William Pavy ( 29 May 1829 -- 19 September 1911 ) was a British physician and physiologist and the discoverer of Pavy 's disease , a cyclic or recurrent physiologic albuminuria .
Henriette Louise de Waldner de Freundstein ( or Waldner de Freunstein ) , Baronne d'Oberkirch ( 5 June 1754 at Schweighouse - Près - Thann , in Alsace -- 10 June 1803 ) is known for having written her Mémoires , which end in 1789 .
Captain James Octavius Machell ( 1837 - -1902 ) was an influential figure in British horse racing during the final decades of the 19th century .
Bartolomeu Velho ( died 1568 ) was a sixteenth - century Portuguese cartographer and cosmographer .
Francis Essex ( 24 March 1929 -- 5 March 2009 ) was a British television and stage producer , author and composer .
Charles Trevor Edmunds ( 7 December 1903 -- 1975 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as an inside right .
Johann Christoph Strodtmann ( 1717 - -1756 ) was a German author , writing on theology , philology , classical studies , history of law and history of scholarship , active during the reign of Frederick II . Strodtmann was born in Wehlau ( now Znamensk ) , East Prussia .
Antonio Lorenzini ( 1655 - -1740 ) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque , active in his native Bologna , as well as in Florence .
Sir Alastair Forbes , ( 3 January 1908 - August 2001 ) , served with the Colonial Legal Service and ended his career as President of the Courts of Appeal for St Helena , the Falkland Islands and British Antarctic Territories from 1965 until 1988 .
Nicholas Goodrick - Clarke ( 15 January 1953 -- 29 August 2012 ) was a British historian and professor of Western Esotericism at University of Exeter , best known for his authorship of several scholarly books on esoteric traditions .
Øystein Olsen Ravner ( 1893 - 1975 ) was a Norwegian appointed councilor of state in the NS government of Vidkun Quisling 1940 - 1941 , and minister 1941 - 1942 .
Rexheb Beqiri ( 18 August 1901 - -10 August 1995 ) , better known by the religious name Baba Rexheb , was an Albanian Islamic scholar and Sufi .
Gwerful Fychan ( fl.1420 - 1490 ) was a poet during the period of the Welsh Beirdd yr Uchelwyr during the late Middle Ages .
George Bernard O'Neill ( 17 July 1828 -- 23 September 1917 ) , was a prolific Irish genre painter , from 1859 a member of the Cranbrook Colony of artists .
John Clarkson Jay ( 11 September 1808 New York City -- 15 November 1891 Rye , New York ) was a physician and notable conchologist .
Antoinette Cellier ( 23 June 1913 -- 18 January 1981 ) was an English film and theatre actress .
Rajko Pavlovec ( 15 January 1932 -- 25 August 2013 ) was a Slovene professor of geology , specialist in paleontology , stratigraphy and regional geology .
Jan Boner ( before 1463 - -1523 ) , also known as Hans Boner , was a German - born Polish merchant and banker .
Rev. William Linwood M.A. , M.R.A.S. ( 1817 -- 7 September , 1878 ) was an English classical scholar .
John Lyon , 6th Lord Glamis ( died 1528 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Ezra Ripley ( 1 May 1751 , Woodstock , Connecticut -- 21 September 1841 , Concord , Massachusetts ) was a clergyman of Concord , Massachusetts .
Hieronymus Praetorius ( 10 August 1560 -- 27 January 1629 ) was a north German composer and organist of the late Renaissance and very early Baroque eras .
Henry William Inwood ( 1794 - -1843 ) was an English architect , archaeologist , classical scholar and writer .
James Rosier ( 1573 - 1609 ) was an English explorer who is notable for his account of a 1605 expedition to America in which describes native peoples and fauna of northern New England .
Sjoerd Huisman ( 19 June 1986 -- 30 December 2013 ) was a Dutch speed skater who specialised in marathon speed skating .
Peter Grain ( c. 1785 -- 1857 ) was a French - American artist who achieved success in the United States .
Ira Schreiber Nelson ( 1912 - -1965 ) was an American botanist , working in Louisiana .
Antoine Philippe de Marigny de Mandeville ( 17 July 1721 - 6 Nov 1779 ) , Chevalier de St. Louis , was a French geographer and explorer .
Darrett B. Rutman ( 4 March 1929 -- 11 April 1997 ) was a noted historian of early America .
Arthur Arrowsmith ( 1869 -- 1954 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke and Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Major Charles B. Lohmiller ( circa 1867 -- 21 June 1932 ) was also known as Hum - Pa - Zee ( which is Sioux for `` Yellow Shoes '' ) .
Joseph Bramah ( 13 April 1748 -- 9 December 1814 ) , born Stainborough Lane Farm , Stainborough , Barnsley Yorkshire , was an English inventor and locksmith .
Hemashree Hosahalli Nagaraju ( 1982 -- 9 October 2012 ) was Indian actress who worked in Kannada television soap operas .
Dirk Willems ( died 16 May 1569 ) ( also spelled Durk Willems ) was a Dutch martyred Anabaptist who is most famous for escaping from prison , turning around to rescue his pursuer -- who had fallen through thin ice while chasing Willems -- to then be recaptured , tortured and killed for his faith .
Sir Bernard Gascoigne ( Italian : Bernardo Guasconi ) ( 1614 - -1687 ) was an Italian military adventurer and diplomat , known as a royalist officer of the English Civil War .
Thierry d'Orca ( French : Thierry d'Orgue or Their d'Orguenes , Latin : Theodoricus de Orca , before 1174 - 1207 ) was Lord of Arsuf for marriage in the Kingdom of Jerusalem .
Lucien Laubier ( 22 September 1936 -- 15 June 2008 ) was a French oceanographer .
Adam Keir Rodger ( 1855 - -1946 ) was Coalition Liberal MP for Rutherglen from 1918 to 1922 .
Jay Velie ( 16 May 1892 -- 22 April 1982 ) was an American actor and singer who appeared in many Broadway shows during a career that spanned more than fifty years .
François - Marie Bissot , Sieur de Vincennes ( 17 June 1700 -- 25 March 1736 ) was a French Canadian explorer and soldier who established several forts in what is now the U.S. state of Indiana , including Fort Vincennes .
Harutiun Alpiar ( Armenian Յարութիւն Ալբիար , born July 12 , 1864 in Smyrna , † 5 April 1919 ) was an ethnic Armenian journalist and humorous writer .
Nikolaus von Schönberg ( 11 August 1472 -- 7 September 1537 ) was a German Archbishop of Capua .
Jacques Baby , dit Dupéron ( 1731 -- August 1789 ) was a Canadian fur trader and an employee of the British Indian Department .
Charles Alexander Bruce ( 11 January 1793 -- 23 April 1871 ) was a soldier , explorer and author who is best known for being the father of the tea industry in India .
John Boylen ( 29 March 1898 -- 5 November 1961 ) was a Scottish footballer who made 64 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City , Wigan Borough and Grimsby Town .
Charles Stourton , 15th Baron Stourton ( 2 March 1702 -- 11 March 1753 ) was the son of Charles Stourton ( 1669 - -1739 ) , himself the third son of William Stourton , 12th Baron Stourton .
Gregorio Bundio Nuñez ( 14 May 1928 − 7 March 2015 ) was a former football player and manager .
Robert Ibbitson ( fl . 1648 - -1654 ) was a 17th - century publisher in London .
Marta Abreu de Estévez ( 13 November 1845 -- 2 January 1909 ) was one of the most influential figures of her time in central Cuba , especially in her birth city and province of Santa Clara .
Isobel Hogg Kerr Beattie ( 25 August 1900 -- 13 July 1970 ) was possibly the first woman in Scotland to practice architecture on a regular basis .
Feltrino Gonzaga ( c. 1330 -- 28 December 1374 ) was an Italian condottiero , a member of the Gonzaga family .
Rachid Baba Ahmed ( Arabic : رشيد بابا أحمد‎ ; 20 August 1946 -- 15 February 1995 ) was an Algerian musical producer involved in the regional genre known as raï .
Carlo Pedrotti ( 12 November 1817 -- 16 October 1893 ) was an Italian conductor , administrator and composer , principally of opera .
Elizabeth Timothy or Elisabet Timothee ( 30 June 1702 -- April 1757 ) was a prominent colonial American printer and newspaper publisher in the colony of South Carolina who worked for Benjamin Franklin .
Sakari Pinomäki ( 1933 - -2011 ) was a Finnish systems engineer , who pioneered the mechanized forestry industry .
George Walter Thornbury ( 13 November 1828 , London -- 11 June 1876 , London ) was an English author .
Elena Altieri ( born Elena Capucci ) ( 27 July 1916 -- 1 May 1997 ) was an Italian film and stage actress .
Wacław Hański ( 1782 - -1841 ) was a Polish noble ( Korczak coat of arms ) , landowner , marszałek of the nobility in the Volhynian Governorate .
Daniel O'Brien , 4th Viscount Clare ( died 1693 ) was the son of Daniel O'Brien , 3rd Viscount Clare and Philadelphia Lennard .
Hugo Dewar ( 1908-June , 1981 ) was a Trotskyist activist influential in founding many of the early British Trotskyite groups .
Augustus , Grand Duke of Oldenburg ( 13 July 1783 -- 27 February 1853 ) was the Grand Duke of Oldenburg from 1829 to 1853 .
Zacharias Janssen ( also Zacharias Jansen or Sacharias Jansen ) ( 1585 -- pre-1632 ) was a Dutch spectacle - maker from Middelburg associated with the invention of the first optical telescope .
James Johnston Thornton ( November 24 , 1816 , in Highland County , Ohio -- c. 1882 , Guadalupe County , Texas ) was a prominent military reconstruction judge , land developer , and quartermaster of the Union Army .
Charles Beaubrun ( Charles Bobrun ) ( 1604 - -1692 ) was a French portrait painter active in Paris between 1630 and 1670 .
Michel Branamour Menard ( 1805 - 1856 ) was a Canadian - born trader , merchant , and co - founder of Galveston , Texas .
Ruth Popkin ( 13 June 1913 - 2 January 2015 ) led Hadassah and the Jewish National Fund .
Jerry McAuley ( 1839 , Ireland -- 18 September 1884 ) , along with his wife , Maria , was the founder of the McAuley Water Street Mission in New York City .
Mother Eugenia Elisabetta Ravasio ( San Gervasio d’Adda , 4 September 1907 -- 10 August 1990 ) was an Italian nun , visionary and mystic , from the Roman Catholic Church .
Dentist Dr. Frederick B. Moorehead ( 1875 - 1944 ) led the fight to make what is now the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Dentistry part of the University of Illinois .
George Butt ( 26 December 1741 -- 30 September 1795 ) was a British poet , teacher , cleric .
Jacqueline Malouf ( 3 July 1941 -- 12 October 1999 ) was an actress , artist and teacher .
Vito D'Ancona ( August 12 , 1825 -- January 9 , 1884 ) was an Italian painter of the Macchiaioli group .
Robin of Isenburg - Covern was the Count of Isenburg - Covern from 1277 until 1306 .
William Stewart , 1st Viscount Mountjoy ( 1653 -- 24 August 1692 ) , was an Anglo - Irish peer and soldier .
Henry IV , Count of Holstein - Rendsburg ( 1397 -- 28 May 1427 ) was Count of Holstein - Rendsburg and Duke of Schleswig from 1404 until his death .
Fryderyk de Melfort ( 1763 - 1797 ) was a notable Polish military officer and a freedom fighter .
Marion Couthouy Smith ( 1853 - -1931 ) was a poet .
Mark Sheridan ( 11 September 1864 -- 15 January 1918 ) , born Frederick Shaw , was an English music hall comedian and singer .
Major - General Thomas Victor Anderson DSO , CD ( July 4 , 1881 -- 1972 ) was a Canadian soldier and Chief of the General Staff , the head of the Canadian Army from 21 November 1938 until 6 July 1940 .
Frank Strawbridge ( 26 October 1891 -- 25 October 1971 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Archibald Watson FRCS ( 27 July 1849 -- 30 July 1940 ) was an Australian surgeon and professor of anatomy at the University of Adelaide .
Hannah White Arnett ( 1733 - 1823 ) was an American woman who is known for preventing a group of men in Elizabethtown , New Jersey ( now Elizabeth ) from proclaiming their loyalty to Great Britain in exchange for `` protection of life and property . ''
Sir Francis Ashley ( 24 November 1569 -- 1635 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1625 .
Gunapala Piyasena Malalasekera , OBE , JP ( Sinhala : ගුණපාල මලලසේකර ) ( 8 November 1899 -- 23 April 1973 ) was a Sri Lankan academic , scholar and diplomat .
Robert Delafield Rands ( 1890 - -1970 ) was an American agronomist and mycologist .
Ellen Marion Delf - Smith FLS ( née Delf , 31 January 1883 -- 23 February 1980 ) was a British botanist .
William Cuffay ( 1788 -- July 1870 ) was a Chartist leader in early Victorian London .
Reginald Harrison FRCS ( 24 Aug. 1837 - 28 Feb. 1908 ) was a British surgeon , sometime Vice - President and Member of the Council of the Royal College of Surgeons and Consulting Surgeon to St Peter 's Hospital .
William Petyt ( or Petit ) ( 1641?--1707 ) was an English barrister and writer , and a political propagandist in the Whig interest .
N. M. R. Subbaraman ( 14 August 1905 -- 25 January 1983 ) was an Indian freedom fighter and politician from Tamil Nadu .
Nathaniel Finch ( died 1649 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 .
Gabriel Caldwell Wharton was born in Springfield , Washington County , Kentucky , 13 June 1839 and died in Louisville , Kentucky , 22 February 1887 .
Lewis Owen ( 1622 -- 22 January 1692 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 .
Wilhelm Ludwig Ewald Schmidt ( 4 May 1805 , Nattwerder ( near Potsdam ) -- 5 June 1843 , Stettin ) was a German physician , botanist , and entomologist .
Ambroise - Dydime Lépine ( 18 March 1840 -- 8 June 1923 ) was a military leader of the Métis under the command of Louis Riel during the Red River Rebellion of 1869 - 1870 .
Joyce Carey , OBE ( 30 March 1898 -- 28 February 1993 ) was an English actress , best known for her long professional and personal relationship with Noël Coward .
Aldo Ferraresi ( Ferrara , 14 May 1902 -- San Remo , 29 June 1978 ) was a celebrated Italian concert violinist and violin pedagogue .
Thomas St Lawrence , 13th Baron Howth ( 1659 - -1727 ) was an Irish nobleman of the later Stuart and early Georgian era .
Ian Macfarlan ( born John Robert Macfarlan ; 21 November 1881 -- 19 March 1964 ) was the Deputy Leader of the Australian Liberal Party in the Australian state of Victoria during 1945 .
Sinan ibn Thabit ibn Qurra سنان بن ثابت بن قرة ) ( 880 ; † 943)was an ethnic Mandean physician and a Sabian who later converted to Islam .
Peder Paulsen Balke ( 4 May 1779 -- 6 September 1840 ) was a Norwegian farmer and non - commissioned officer in the military .
Gertrude Rachel Levy ( 1884 - 1966 ) was an author writing on comparative mythology , matriarchy , epic poetry and archaeology .
John McFarlane Gray ( or J. Macfarlane Gray ; 7 April 1831 -- 14 January 1908 ) was a Scottish engineer who invented a portable steam riveting machine and a steam steering mechanism for Isambard Kingdom Brunel 's famous SS Great Eastern .
Erich Leibenguth ( 31 March 1917 - 2 June 2005 ) was a German former footballer who played internationally for Saarland as a striker .
Gireesh Puthenchery ( 1 May 1961 -- 10 February 2010 ) was a noted Malayalam lyricist and screenwriter .
Anthony Gross CBE , RA ( 1905 - -1984 ) , was a British printmaker , painter , war artist and film director of Hungarian - Jewish , Italian , and Anglo - Irish descent .
Una Winifred Atwell ( 27 February or 27 April 1910 or 1914 -- 28 February 1983 ) was a Trinidadian pianist who enjoyed great popularity in Britain and Australia from the 1950s with a series of boogie - woogie and ragtime hits , selling over 20 million records .
Bärbel Bohley ( 24 May 1945 -- 11 September 2010 ) was an East German opposition figure and artist .
Lola Folman ( 1908 - -1979 ) was a Polish Jewish singer and composer popular in Poland in the 1930s .
The Honourable Sir William Macarthur ( December 1800 -- 29 October 1882 ) was an Australian botanist and vigneron .
William Pickford ( 1861 - -1938 ) was an English football administrator , who played an important role in the early development of The Football Association .
Herwald Ramsbotham , 1st Viscount Soulbury GCMG GCVO OBE MC PC DL ( 6 March 1887 -- 30 January 1971 ) was a British Conservative politician .
Lieutenant General Henry Wase Whitfield ( Chinese : 威非路 ) ( 1814 - 30 March 1877 ) was the Lieutenant Governor of Hong Kong and Commander of British Troops in China , Hong Kong and the Straits Settlements .
Diana Holman - Hunt ( 25 October 1913 -- 10 August 1993 ) was an English memoir writer and art critic .
Paul O'Montis ( 1894 - -1940 ) was a German singer , impersonator and cabaret artist .
Dean Spratt ( 1952 - -2007 ) was an American traffic reporter .
Gilbert Bourne ( date of birth unknown ; d. 10 September 1569 at Silverton , Devon ) was the last Roman Catholic Bishop of Bath and Wells , England .
Francis Leigh , 1st Earl of Chichester ( 1598 -- 21 December 1653 ) was a Royalist politician and courtier around the period of the English Civil War .
Charles Mason ( 13 April 1863 - 3 February 1941 ) was an English professional footballer , who played for Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Bendix Grodtschilling , also Bendix Grodtschilling the Elder , ( c. 1620 -- March 1690 ) was a Danish painter and carpenter .
Alexander Kedie ( ca 1746 -- 1817 ) was a carpenter and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Ramchandra Shripad Jog ( Devanagari : रामचंद्र श्रीपाद जोग ) ( 1901- 1980 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Jutok Kaneko ( 金子寿徳 ) ( 1958 -- 24 January 2007 ) was a Japanese guitarist and vocalist , and is best known for his work with Tokyo underground psychedelic rock group Kousokuya ( 光束夜 ) , who specialised in rock - based soundscapes characterised by the feeling of infinite space , desolate emotion and imminent chaos .
Oliver Hogue ( 1880 - -1919 ) was an Australian soldier and writer .
Timothy Neve ( 1724 - -1798 ) was an English churchman and academic .
Albert III , Margrave of Brandenburg - Salzwedel ( c. 1250 -- between 19 November and 4 December 1300 ) was a Margrave of Brandenburg .
Don Smoothey ( 11 April 1919 -- 17 May 2015 ) was a British stage actor , variety entertainer and comic .
Karl Schliephacke ( 2 August 1834 , Halberstadt -- 3 June 1913 , Blasewitz ) was German bryologist known for his studies of sphagnum mosses .
Francis Dreyfus ( 1940 -- 24 June 2010 ) was a French record producer , who focused on jazz and electronic music , publishing Jean - Michel Jarre 's first commercially successful work , Oxygène .
Zhang Wuling ( simplified Chinese : 张武龄 ; traditional Chinese : 張武齡 ; pinyin : Zhāng Wǔlíng ; 1889 - 1938 ) was a Chinese educator .
Great Asturian Encyclopedia : `` Gausón '' However , the most part of the above references to Gausón seem to be sourced in the chronicle of the relevant historian priest Luis Alfonso de Carvallo ( 1571 - 1635 ) , which was based on previous ecclesiastical and historical codexes and works , some of them now lost :
Elijah Spira ( 1660 - -1712 ) ( alternatively , `` Shapira '' or `` Shapiro '' , Hebrew : אליהו שפירא ) was son of Benjamin Wolf Spira .
Niccolò di Piero Lamberti ( ca . 1370 -- 1451 ) , also known as Niccolò di Pietro Lamberti , Niccolo Aretino , Niccolò d'Arezzo and as il Pela , was an Italian sculptor and architect .
Prathyusha ( 29 August 1981 -- 23 February 2002 ) was an Indian film actress who appeared in Telugu and Tamil language films .
International Chrysis ( 1951 -- 26 March 1990 ) was an American transgender entertainer and protégé to Salvador Dalí .
Jan Borukowski of Bielin ( 1524 - -1584 ) was the Bishop of Przemyśl , and was the royal secretary of Poland from 1553 .
Chen Xiyu ( Chinese : 陈希愈 ) ( July 1911 -- July 2000 ) was the 4th governor of the People 's Bank of China ( 1973 - 1978 ) .
Seniorectus ( died February 1137 ) was the Abbot of Montecassino in the early twelfth century .
Haviv Shimoni ( Hebrew : חביב שמעוני‎ , born 13 January 1933 , died 13 July 1994 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1974 and 1977 .
John Maddison Morton ( 3 January 1811 -- 19 December 1891 ) was an English playwright who specialised in one - act farces .
Cirilo Marmolejo ( 1890 , Teocaltiche , México - 1960 , México ) , was a folk musician of guitarrón and vihuela , and pioneer in the development of the mariachi band .
Thomas Southwell , 1st Baron Southwell PC ( Ire ) ( 1665 -- 4 August 1720 ) , known as Sir Thomas Southwell , 2nd Baronet from 1681 to 1717 , was an Irish peer and politician .
Frederick Niecks ( 3 February 1845 -- 24 June 1924 ) was a German musical scholar and author , who was resident in Scotland for the bulk of his life .
Margery Deane was the pen name of Marie J. Davis Pitman ( née Davis 1850 - -1888 ) , an American author .
Lieutenant - General Sir Neil Douglas KCB KCH ( 1779 - 1 September 1853 ) was a British Army officer who fought at the 1815 Battle of Waterloo and later became Commander - in - Chief , Scotland .
Thomas Hayne ( 1582 - -1645 ) was an English schoolmaster and theologian .
Tamblot was a babaylan or native priest from Bohol , Philippines , who led the Tamblot Uprising in 1621 to 1622 during the Spanish era .
Jonathan Kariara ( 1935 - -1993 ) was a Kenyan poet who wrote works including `` A Leopard Lives in a Muu Tree '' .
Horace Crotty ( 9 October 1886 -- June 1952 ) was a noted liberal Anglican bishop .
Edward Stillingfleet ( 17 April 1635 -- 27 March 1699 ) was a British theologian and scholar .
Andre Stander ( 1946 -- 13 February 1984 ) was a South African criminal and policeman .
Princess Yeshashework Yilma ( died 1982 ) was the daughter of Dejazmatch Yilma Makonnen , governor of Harar and niece of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia .
George Seddon ( 23 April 1927 -- 9 May 2007 ) was an Australian academic who held university chairs in a range of subjects .
William Howe Guion I ( 1817 - 1884 ) headed the Williams and Guion Black Star Line .
Tom Eckersley ( 30 September 1914 -- 4 August 1997 ) was an English poster artist and teacher of design .
James Alan Montgomery ( 1866 - -1949 ) was an American Episcopalian clergyman , Oriental scholar , and Biblical scholar who was professor of Old Testament and Semitics ( Hebrew and Aramaic ) , first at the Philadelphia Divinity School , and later , from 1913 to 1948 , at the University of Pennsylvania .
Hasan Polatkan ( 1915 -- 16 September 1961 ) was a Turkish politician and Minister of Labor and Finance , who was executed by hanging after the coup d'état in 1960 along with two other cabinet members .
Bernhard Lund ( 20 February 1889 -- 9 January 1968 ) was a Norwegian yacht racer .
Virginia Mixson Geraty ( 1915 - -2004 ) was a writer and outspoken defender of the Gullah language .
Lucio Fulci ( Italian : ( ˈlutʃo ˈfultʃi ) ; 17 June 1927 -- 13 March 1996 ) was an Italian film director , screenwriter and actor .
Pir Syed Mohammad Yaqoob Shah پیر سید محمد یقوب شاہ(Unknown date -- 31 August 1991 ) was a Pakistani Member of Punjab Provincial Assembly and religious leader .
Zilha Bajraktarević ( 18 May 1938 -- 10 October 1976 ) , known professionally as Silvana Armenulić ( pronounced ( silvǎːna armɛ̌nulit͡ɕ ) ) , was a Yugoslav singer - songwriter and actress from Bosnia and one of the most prominent commercial folk music and traditional sevdalinka singers in Yugoslavia .
José Manuel da Cunha Faro Menezes Portugal da Gama Carneiro e Sousa ( 12 January 1788 - 24 October 1849 ) was a Portuguese count and the President of the Council of Ministers from 10 September to 4 November 1836 .
Marino Auriti ( 1891 - -1980 ) was an Italian - born American self - taught artist .
Ivan Crnojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Црнојевић ) , also known as Ivan the Black was the Lord of Zeta from 1465 to 1490 .
Galindo Aznárez I ( died 867 ) was Count of Aragón from 844 to 867 .
Pousa , son of Sólyom ( Hungarian : Sólyom fia Pósa ; died 31 March 1241 ) was a Hungarian distinguished nobleman , who served as voivode of Transylvania twice , in 1227 and 1235 to 1241 .
George Barraud ( born 17 December 1889 , Paddington , London , England -- d . 1970 , London , England ) was a British film actor .
Konstantinos Sapountzakis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Σαπουντζάκης , 1846 - -1931 ) was a Greek Army officer .
Thomas Shingles ( 3 April 1903 -- 31 May 1984 ) was the Master Engraver of the Royal Canadian Mint from 1943 until his retirement in 1965 ; he first began work at the Mint in 1939 .
Eva Koppel née Ditlevsen ( 1 January 1916 , Copenhagen -- 2 August 2006 , Copenhagen ) was a Danish architect who together with her husband Nils ran one of Denmark 's largest architectural firms ( KKET , later KKE ) .
Abul Mansur Ahmed ( 3 September 1898 -- 18 March 1979 ) was a Bangladeshi littérateur , politician and journalist .
Albert Cullum ( November 1921 -- July 2003 ) was an American Elementary school teacher in the 1960s .
Brother Othmar Weldon MBE ( 20 Sept 1920 -- 2 June 2008 ) was the religious name of William George Weldon , an Australian Marist Brother who was from 1964 to 1972 the provincial head of the Marist order in Sydney .
William Penny Brookes ( 13 August 1809 -- 11 December 1895 ) was an English surgeon , magistrate , botanist , and educationalist especially known for inspiring the modern Olympic Games , the Wenlock Olympian Games and for his promotion of physical education and personal betterment .
William Penman Saunders ( September 15 , 1912 -- 1980 ) was a business manager and politician in Newfoundland .
George McIver ( 1859 - 1945 ) was a Scottish born Australian science fiction writer .
Sayyid Wasif Ali Mirza Khan Bahadur , KCSI , KCVO ( 7 January 1875 -- 23 October 1959 ) was the Nawab of Murshidabad during 1906 - -1959 .
Kenny Graham , born Kenneth Thomas Skingle ( 19 July 1924 - -17 February 1997 ) was a British jazz saxophonist , arranger , composer and essayist , described as `` one of Britain 's foremost jazz composers and arrangers '' , and as `` a genuine , often overlooked pioneer of the modern jazz movement in Britain '' .
Hans Krell ( c. 1490 - 1565 or 1586 ) , also Krehl ou Kreil , was a German painter of the Renaissance , mainly known as a portrait painter .
Martin Holm was found dead on 24 June 2009 .
Lê Thuần Tông ( chữ Hán : 黎純宗 , 1699 -- 1735 ) birth name Lê Duy Tường ( 黎維祥 , 黎維祜 ) was the thirteenth and fourth - last king of Vietnamese Lê Dynasty under the domination of the Trịnh Lords .
Werner van den Valckert ( ca . 1585 - after 1635 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and engraver .
Walter Terence Stace ( 17 November 1886 -- 2 August 1967 ) was a British civil servant , educator , public philosopher and epistemologist , who wrote on Hegel , mysticism , and moral relativism .
Fadzil Mahmood ( 1936/37 -- 9 June 2010 ) was a Malaysian politician who served as the Speaker of the Perlis State Assembly from 9 September 1986 until 4 October 1990 during the administration of Abdul Hamid Pawanteh as Menteri Besar of Perlis .
Thomas Kimmwood Peters ( June 27 , 1879 -- 1973 ) was a pioneer American motion picture producer , newsreel cameraman , photographer , educator , and inventor .
Leslie Lievesley ( July 1911 -- 4 May 1949 ) was an English footballer and football manager .
Alfred Leyman ( 27 September 1856 -- 1933 ) was a Devon born watercolour artist whose works covered many aspects of late 19th century/ early 20th century Devonion rural life .
Joseph Sortain ( 1809 - -1860 ) was a British nonconformist minister , an evangelical Independent , philosophy tutor at Cheshunt College , and biographer of Francis Bacon .
Ellis Worth ( c. 1587 -- 1659 ) , or Woorth , was a noted English actor in the Jacobean and Caroline eras .
Per Håland ( 7 January 1919 -- 9 October 1999 ) was a Norwegian journalist and newspaper editor , and proponent for the Nynorsk language .
Mathilde Verne ( née Wurm ; 25 May 1865 -- 4 June 1936 ) was an English pianist and teacher , of German descent .
Saint Rupert of Bingen ( German : Rupert von Bingen ) ( 712 - -732 ) was the son of Bertha of Bingen , a Christian noblewoman .
John Lawrence Marye , Jr. ( November 4 , 1823 -- August 1902 ) , was a Conservative Party politician who served as the tenth Lieutenant Governor of Virginia from 1870 until 1874 .
William M'Culloch ( 1691 -- 18 December 1771 ) was Minister of Cambuslang during the extraordinary events of the Cambuslang Work ( 1742 ) when 30,000 people gathered in the hillsides near his church for preaching and communion .
Johann IV , Count of Katzenelnbogen ( died 1444 ) was one of the last members of the younger line of the Hessian House of Katzenelnbogen .
Laurie Dearle ( 16 October 1919 -- 25 October 1979 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1940s .
Mosleh Zamani ( also referred to as Moslah Zamani ) was a 23-year - old Iranian Kurd who was executed on December 17 , 2009 for having an `` illicit relationship with his girlfriend '' when he was 17 years old .
William Sawtrey ( died March 1401 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest who was executed for heresy .
Ali Bey , Prince of Dulkadir , was a former governor of Dulkadir , appointed by the Ottoman sultan Selim I. After resisting threats to his authority , he fell under suspicion of treason by Selim and was removed as governor in 1522 .
Ljubo Novaković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубо Новаковић ; 1883 - -1943 ) was a Montenegrin officer in the Royal Yugoslav Army who became a Chetnik commander during World War II . He initially fought for the Chetniks of Draža Mihailović and those of Kosta Pećanac , but became disillusioned with both movements .
Hrant Maloyan ( Armenian : Հրանտ Մալոյան ; 29 November 1896 - 1978 ) , also known as Hrant Bek , was a Syrian - Armenian military serviceman who became the general officer of the Syrian army and was appointed General Command of the Internal Security Forces in Syria .
Michael Doheny ( 22 May 1805 -- 1 April 1863 ) was an Irish writer and member of the Young Ireland movement .
Major General Edward Maitland Makgill Crichton OBE ( 1916 - -2009 ) was a senior British Army officer .
Jean - Baptiste Philippe Cannissié ( 19 January 1799 , in Landau -- 7 August 1877 , in Lille ) was a French architect and painter .
Fritz Gegauf ( 1893 - 1980 ) was a Swiss inventor and founder of the Bernina Sewing Machine Factory .
Blessed Ludwika Szczęsna ( 18 July 1863 -- 7 February 1916 ) was a Polish Roman Catholic nun and was also the co - founder of the Sister Servants of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus which she established with Józef Sebastian Pelczar ( a future saint ) .
Trygve Bjørgo ( 5 January 1916 -- 2 March 1997 ) was a Norwegian educator and lyricist .
Amit Saigal ( 6 July 1965 -- 5 January 2012 ) was an Indian rock musician , promoter of rock music , publisher and impresario .
Christopher Walton ( 1809 - -1877 ) was an English businessman , known as a writer on theosophy .
John Collett Postumus Elieson ( 29 December 1770 -- 7 June 1833 ) was a Norwegian military assessor and politician .
Murray Cutter ( 15 March 1902 , Nice , France - 19 April 1983 , Burbank , California ) was a versatile Hollywood orchestrator , working mainly for filmcomposer Max Steiner , with over 150 credits spanning the mid - thirties to early 1960s .
Thomas Moule ( 1784 -- January 1851 ) was an English antiquarian , writer on heraldry , and map - maker .
John Grimston , 6th Earl of Verulam ( 17 July 1912 -- 15 April 1973 ) , known as the Honourable John Grimston until 1960 , was a British peer and Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Robert Aylett ( Aylet ) ( 1583 ? -- 1655 ) was an English lawyer and religious poet .
Moses Hamon ( Granada , c. 1490 -- 1567 ) ( Amon ) was the son of Joseph Hamon , born in Spain .
The Hon . Alastair Francis Buchan CBE ( 9 September 1918 -- 4 February 1976 ) was a leading writer on defence studies in the 1970s .
Jin Xiang ( 金湘 1935 - -2015 ) was a Chinese composer and conductor .
Felicissimus ( died 271 ? ) was a public officer in Ancient Rome , during the reign of Emperor Aurelian .
Giovanni Polani ( died 1164 ) was Bishop of Castello , Italy , from 1133 to 1164 .
Jinsa of Baekje ( ? -392 , 385 - 392 ) was the sixteenth king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Axel Thue ( Norwegian : ( tʉː ) ; 19 February 1863 -- 7 March 1922 ) , was a Norwegian mathematician , known for highly original work in diophantine approximation , and combinatorics .
Johann Adam Birkenstock ( also Birckenstock , Birkenstok , Berkenstock ; 1 February 1687 -- 26 February 1733 ) was a German composer and violinist .
Alarik Frithiof Holmgren ( 1831 - -1897 ) was a Swedish physiologist and professor at Upsala University and a vocal opponent of vivisection , and particularly the use of curare to immobilize subjects so they appeared peaceful while feeling great pain .
Paul Baynes ( Bayne , Baines ) ( c.1573 - -1617 ) was an English clergyman .
Ralph de Greystoke , 3rd Baron Greystoke , ( 18 October 1353 -- 6 April 1418 ) was an English peer and landowner .
Supyan Abdullayev ( Russian : Супьян Абдуллаев ; 8 November 1956 -- 28 March 2011 ) was the vice president of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria .
Vinko Cuzzi ( also spelled Vinko Kuci ) ( 11 July 1940 -- 8 December 2011 ) was a Croatian footballer who played as right back or libero .
Charles Ingersoll Arnold ( 1915 - -2004 ) , better known as Ingersoll Arnold , was a forester and an ice hockey coach and player .
Charles Doran ( 1 January 1877 -- 5 April 1964 ) was an Irish actor , one of the last of the touring actor - managers in the tradition of Frank Benson , John Martin - Harvey and Ben Greet .
Tapan Raychaudhuri ( 8 May 1926 -- 26 November 2014 ) was an Indian historian specialising in British Indian history , Indian economic history and the History of Bengal .
Charles - Simon Pradier ( 1786 - 21 July 1847 ) was a Swiss engraver who also worked in France and Brazil .
Anna Demetrio ( 1892 - -1959 ) was an Italian - born American film actress .
Dorothy Du Boisson , MBE , ( 26 November 1919 -- 1 February 2013 ) was a codebreaker stationed at Bletchley Park during World War II .
Omar Mohammed Shegewi ( Arabic : عمر محمد الشغيوي‎ , April 1952 Tripoli , Libya -- 9 October 1993 Tunisia ) , was a distinguished U.S. educated Libyan petroleum geologist .
Eliza Newton ( 1837 - -7 February 1882 ) was a Scottish stage actress born in Dumfries , Scotland .
Qazi Khaliluddin ( 4 Rabi ' al - awwal 1296 AH / 1878 AD -- 25 Muharram 1337 AH / 1917 AD ) was a religious scholar , employed in a Risala , ( a mounted troop ) at Alwar State .
Grantly Dick - Read ( 26 January 1890 -- 11 June 1959 ) was a British obstetrician and a leading advocate of natural childbirth .
Karibasavaiah ( 1959 -- 3 February 2012 ) was an Indian actor who appeared in Kannada cinema and a theatre personality .
Richard St. Barbe Baker ( 9 October 1889 -- 9 June 1982 ) was an English forester , environmental activist and author , who contributed greatly to worldwide reforestation efforts .
Guy Daignault ( died 27 January 2005 ) was a Canadian short track speed skater .
Wilfrid Holland ( 27 June 1920 -- 15 September 2005 ) was a British born composer , choral and orchestral conductor , pianist and teacher who spent the last 45 years of his life based In Canberra , Australia .
Max Krook ( 1913 -- 4 August 1985 ) was an American mathematician and astrophysicst .
Frances Batty Shand ( c.1815 - -1885 ) was an early charitable activist in Cardiff , Wales .
Annie Sophie Cory ( 1 October 1868 -- 2 August 1952 ) was the author of popular , racy , exotic novels under the pseudonyms Victoria Cross(e ) , Vivian Cory and V.C. Griffin .
Anthony Rey ( born at Lyon , France , 19 March 1807 ; died near Ceralvo , Mexico , 19 January 1847 ) was a French Jesuit academic , and U.S. Army chaplain during the Mexican--
Richard Lewknor ( c1589 - 27 May 1635 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1629 .
Gerard Luz A. James , better known as G. Luz A. James , ( circa 1926 - September 16 , 2006 ) was a U.S. Virgin Islander politician , lawyer , businessman and broadcaster .
Sir Henry Hartstonge , 3rd Baronet ( c. 1725 -- 1797 ) was an Irish politician and landowner who sat in the Irish House of Commons for Limerick ; he was a close associate of his powerful brother - in - law Edmund Pery , 1st Viscount Pery .
Robert Lascoe ( 1715 - -1771 ) was a native of Bromley in Kent .
Ethel Lina White ( 1876 -- 13 August 1944 ) was a British crime writer , best known for her novel The Wheel Spins ( 1936 ) , on which the Alfred Hitchcock film , The Lady Vanishes ( 1938 ) , was based .
Edgar Rumney ( 15 September 1936 -- 18 August 2015 ) was an English professional footballer who played for Colchester United .
Peter Maxwell Daniel FRCP FRCS FRCPath FRCPsych FLS FIBiol ( 14 November 1910 -- 19 November 1998 ) was a British medical doctor , who specialised in neuropathology .
Johann Mészáros von Szoboszló ( 1737 -- 17 November 1801 ) joined the Austrian army in 1756 and fought the Prussians , Ottoman Turks , and French during a long military career .
Felix Santschi ( 1 December 1872 -- 20 November 1940 ) was a Swiss entomologist known for discovering that ants use the sun as a compass and for describing about 2000 taxa of ants .
Kazimierz Kierzkowski ( 10 August 1890 in Międzyrzec Podlaski -- March 1942 in Auschwitz ) was a Polish political and social activist , major of the Polish Army and member of the Armia Krajowa .
Jabez Wolffe ( ca . 1877 - October 22 , 1943 ) attempted to swim the English Channel from 1906 to 1913 in 22 attempts .
John II , Count of Nassau - Beilstein ( died 1513 ) was a son of Count Henry IV and his wife , Eva of Sayn .
Randolph Adolphus Turpin ( 7 June 1928 -- 17 May 1966 ) , better known as Randolph Turpin , and in the United States also as Randy Turpin , was an English boxer who was considered by some to be Europe 's best middleweight boxer of the 1940s and 1950s .
Caroline Bray , known as Cara Bray , née Hennell ( 4 June 1814 -- 21 February 1905 ) was a British writer of children 's stories and school textbooks .
Emilia Lanier ( 1569 - -1645 ) , also spelled Lanyer , was the first Englishwoman to assert herself as a professional poet through her single volume of poems , Salve Deus Rex Judaeorum ( 1611 ) .
Les Watkins ( 23 May 1914 -- 5 July 1974 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Alfred Hollins ( 11 September 1865 -- 17 May 1942 ) was an English organist , composer and teacher , who was noted as a recitalist in Scotland .
Benjamin Boothby ( 5 February 1803 -- 21 June 1868 ) was a South Australian colonial judge , who was removed from office for misbehaviour .
Kanthirava Narasaraja II was the Wodeyar ruler of the Indian state of Mysore from 1704 to 1714 CE . He was born deaf and came to be called Múk - arasu ( literally `` mute king '' ) .
Giorgio Gaslini ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒordʒo ɡaˈzliːni ) ; 22 October 1929 -- 29 July 2014 ) was an Italian jazz pianist , composer and conductor .
Micaiah Towgood ( 1700 - -1792 ) is the author of A Dissent from the Church of England , Fully Justified ;
Robert Gillan ( died 1879 ) was a Church of Scotland minister .
Friedrich Eckenfelder ( 6 March 1861 -- 11 May 1938 ) was a Swiss - German impressionist painter , best known for his portrayals of farm horses and for townscapes with a background of the Swabian Alps .
John Cousen ( Bradford 1804 - -1880 London ) , was a landscape engraver .
Katharine Elliot , Baroness Elliot of Harwood DBE ( née Tennant ; 15 January 1903 -- 3 January 1994 ) was British public servant and politician .
Edward Dumaresq ( 16 June 1802 -- 23 April 1906 ) was a landowner , magistrate and acted as Surveyor General of Van Diemen 's Land ( now Tasmania ) .
Elizabeth Maitland , Duchess of Lauderdale ( née Murray ; 28 September 1626 -- 5 June 1698 ) was an influential Scottish noblewoman .
Joshua ben Hananiah ( Hebrew : יהושע בן חנניה d. 131 CE ) was a leading tanna of the first half - century following the destruction of the Temple .
Giles Fettiplace ( died 1641 ) , of Poulton , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Yosef Lishansky ( Hebrew : יוסף לישנסקי‎ ; 1890 -- 16 December 1917 ) was a Jewish paramilitary and a spy for the British in Ottoman Palestine .
Edward José ( c. 1880 -- 18 December 1930 ) was a Belgian film director and actor of the silent era .
Husain al - Rahhal ( 1900 - 1971 ) was an Iraqi translator , journalist and Communist activist , who helped found the Iraqi Communist Party Al - Rahhal came from a family of officials and merchants .
Bronisław Żurakowski ( 26 June 1911 -- 4 October 2009 ) was a Polish engineer , aeroplane constructor , and glider test pilot .
Tommaso Temanza ( 9 March 1705 -- 14 June 1789 ) was an Italian architect and author of the Neoclassic period .
Isidore of Kiev , also known as Isidore of Thessalonica ( Greek : Ἰσίδωρος τοῦ Κιέβου ; Russian : Исидор ; Ukrainian : Ісидор ; b. Peloponnesus , 1385-d . Rome , 27 April 1463 ) was a Greek Metropolitan of Kiev , cardinal , humanist , and theologian .
John Bacchus Dykes ( 10 March 1823 -- 22 January 1876 ) was an English clergyman and hymnist .
Jhaverchand Meghani ( Gujarati : ઝવેરચંદ મેઘાણી ; 28 August 1897 -- 9 March 1947 ) was a noted poet , writer , social reformer and freedom fighter from Gujarat .
Antonio Rivas Mercado ( 26 February 1853 -- 3 January 1927 ) was a Mexican architect , engineer and restorer .
Edoardo Raimondi ( Parma , July 26 , 1837 - Reggio , April 12 , 1919 ) was an Italian painter , known for landscapes and genre subjects .
Yi Kyu - won ( Korean : 이규원 , Hanja : 李奎遠 ; 19 March 1833 -- 11 November 1901 ) was a military official in the Joseon Dynasty .
Thornton Dial ( 10 September 1928 -- 25 January 2016 ) was a pioneering African - American artist who came to prominence in the late 1980s .
Sir John Milsom Rees GCVO ( 20 April 1866 -- 25 April 1952 ) was a Welsh surgeon and a specialist in laryngology .
George Armitstead , 1st Baron Armitstead ( 28 February 1824 in Riga , Latvia -- 7 December 1915 in London ) was a British businessman , philanthropist and Liberal politician .
Charles Macfaull ( 1800 -- 13 Dec 1846 ) was an early settler in the Swan River Colony , now Western Australia .
Diane Hamilton was the pseudonym of Diane Guggenheim ( 1924 - -1991 ) , an American mining heiress , folksong patron and founder of `` Tradition Records '' .
Andreas Bloch ( 29 July 1860 -- 11 May 1917 ) was a Norwegian painter , illustrator and costume designer .
James Boydell ( died January 1860 ) was a British inventor of steam traction engines .
Attila Hörbiger ( 21 April 1896 - 27 April 1987 ) was an Austrian stage and movie actor .
Edmund II ( died 30 November 1016 ) , usually known as Edmund Ironside was King of England from 23 April to 30 November 1016 .
Friedrich Ernst Ruhkopf ( Latin : Fridericus Ernestus Ruhkopf ; 1760 -- 1821 ) was a German philologist and educator born near Hildesheim .
Willy Reisvang ( 23 May 1923 -- 17 February 2001 ) was a Norwegian sports official .
Rhys ap Tewdwr ( before 1065 -- 1093 ) was a king of Deheubarth in Wales and member of the Dinefwr dynasty , a branch descended from Rhodri the Great .
Johann Samuel Beyer ( 1669 in Gotha -- 9 May 1744 in Karlsbad ) was a German composer and writer of a manual on singing ( 1703 ) .
Art Atkinson ( 2 April 1878 -- 7 August 1943 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Bern Dibner ( 18 August 1897 -- 6 January 1988 ) was an electrical engineer , industrialist , and historian of science and technology .
Koratala Satyanarayana ( 24 September 1923 -- 1 July 2006 ) was a communist politician from Andhra Pradesh , India .
Thomas Burdick ( November 17 , 1795 ( or 1797 ) -- November 6 , 1877 ) was a leader in the early Latter Day Saint movement , a Mormon pioneer , and a politician in Los Angeles County , California .
Abu Khalil Qabbani ( Arabic : أبو خليل القباني‎ / ALA - LC : Abū Khalīl al - Qabbānī ; 1835 - -1902 ) was a Syrian playwright and composer of Turkish origin .
Henrietta Matilda Jane Evans ( née Congreve ) ( 7 August 1827 -- 22 October 1886 ) was an Australian novelist , who wrote under the pseudonym Maud Jean Franc .
Margret Dünser ( 27 July 1926 - 5 June 1980 ) was an Austrian journalist known for her work in High Society and who wrote the book High Life .
Gustavo Sannia ( Napoli , 13 May 1875 -- 21 December 1930 ) was an Italian mathematician working in differential geometry , projective geometry , and summation of series .
Wang Zhihuan ( traditional Chinese : 王之渙 ; simplified Chinese : 王之涣 ; pinyin : Wáng Zhīhuàn , 688 - -742 ) and whose name has been traditionally been transcribed `` Wang Tsu - huan '' was a Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty 's Kaiyuan era .
Athirajendra Chola ( 1070 CE ) reigned for a very short period of few months as the Chola king succeeding his father Virarajendra Chola .
Rogers Ruding ( 1751 - -1820 ) was an English cleric and academic , known as a numismatist and the author of the Annals of the Coinage .
Rick Griffiths ( 1948 -- 13 December 2010 ) was an Australian Aboriginal activist and representative .
William John Wills ( 5 January 1834 -- c . June / July 1861 ) was a British surveyor who also trained for a while as a surgeon .
Alexander Hamilton Sands ( 1828 - -1887 ) was an American lawyer , writer , and Baptist minister , born in Williamsburg , Virginia .
Stephan Körner , FBA ( 26 September 1913 -- 17 August 2000 ) was a British philosopher , who specialised in the work of Kant , the study of concepts , and in the philosophy of mathematics .
Constantia Zierenberg ( 1605 - -1653 ) was a singer and musician from Danzig(Gdańsk ) in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Robert Allan Smith CBE FRS PRSE ( 14 May 1909 - 16 May 1980 ) was a Scottish physicist .
Kugan Ananthan ( died 20 January 2009 ) was a person Royal Malaysian Police detainee who died in the police lock - up while under arrest for suspicion of alleged car robbery .
William Cleland ( ca . 1661 -- 21 August 1689 ) was a Scottish poet and soldier .
Ulrik Frederik Gyldenløve , Count of Laurvig ( 20 July 1638 -- 17 April 1704 ) was the leading general in Norway during the Scanian War , whose Norwegian leg is conventionally named the `` Gyldenløve War '' after him .
Joseph Buckner Killebrew ( 1831 - -1906 ) was an American planter and geologist .
Hujr ibn ' Adi al - Kindi ( died 660 CE ) was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Joannes Philippus Spalthoven , or Spalthof ( c. 1680 , Antwerp -- c. 1722 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Bingham Baring , 2nd Baron Ashburton PC DL FRS ( William Bingham Baring ; June 1799 - -23 March 1864 ) was a British businessman and a Whig politician who later became a Tory .
Primo Riccitelli ( 9 August 1875 -- 27 March 1941 ) , was an Italian composer .
Abraham Ortelius ( also Ortels , Orthellius , Wortels ; 14 April 1527 -- 28 June 1598 ) was a Flemish cartographer and geographer , conventionally recognized as the creator of the first modern atlas , the Theatrum Orbis Terrarum ( Theatre of the World ) .
He died on 2 May 1773 , and his son , Thomas Snelling , carried on business as a printseller at 163 Fleet Street , and published posthumously two of his father 's works .
Richard Crawley ( 1840 - -1893 ) was a Welsh writer , an academic who eventually pursued a career in insurance .
William Peryn ( died 1558 ) was an English Catholic theologian and prior of St Bartholomew 's , Smithfield , London .
Paolo Aretino ( 1508 - 1584 ) or Paolo Antonio del Bivi was a Renaissance era Venetian composer known for sacred music .
Sir Felix Edward Aylmer Jones , OBE ( 21 February 1889 -- 2 September 1979 ) , known as Felix Aylmer , was an English stage actor who also appeared in the cinema and on television .
Paolo Gerolamo Piola ( 1666 - -1724 ) was an Italian people
Francis Pierpoint Burton , later Francis Conyngham , 2nd Baron Conyngham ( c. 1725 -- 22 May 1787 ) was an Irish peer and politician .
Dennis Storer ( born 1932 , died 2007 ) was a rugby and soccer coach , best known for being the first Head Coach of the United States national rugby union team when it formed in 1976 .
Herman Musaph ( Dutch : Heijman Musaph ) ( 7 January 1915 -- 18 November 1992 ) was a Dutch Holocaust survivor , psychiatrist , dermatologist and sexologist .
Herbert Runge ( 23 January 1913 -- 11 March 1986 ) was a German heavyweight boxer .
Herbert Stern , 1st Baron Michelham KCVO ( 28 September 1851 -- 7 January 1919 ) , known as Sir Herbert Stern , Bt , between July and December 1905 , was a British financier and philanthropist .
William Odlin ( April 5 , 1865 -- May 1929 ) was an American lawyer and college football coach .
Thomas Jefferys ( c. 1719 -- 1771 ) , `` Geographer to King George III '' , was an English cartographer who was the leading map supplier of his day .
Marjorie Lewty , née Lobb ( b. 8 April 1906 in Wallasey , Cheshire , England , UK -- d. 21 January 2002 ) was a British writer of short stories and over 45 romance novels from 1958 to 1999 to Mills & Boon .
Joseph Throckmorton ( June 16 , 1800 -- December 1872 ) was an American steamboat builder and captain during the 19th century .
Robert Hugh McWilliams , Jr. ( April 27 , 1916 -- April 10 , 2013 ) was an American United States federal judge from the Tenth circuit .
Coching Chu or Zhu Kezhen ( simplified Chinese : 竺可桢 ; traditional Chinese : 竺可楨 ; pinyin : Zhú Kězhēn ; Wade -- Giles : Chu K'o - chen ; 7 March 1890 -- 7 February 1974 ) was a prominent Chinese meteorologist , geologist and educator .
Sir Alfred Herbert Brewer ( 21 June 1865 -- 1 March 1928 ) was an English composer and organist .
Anders Christian Jensen - Haarup ( 8 January 1863 -- 30 January 1934 ) was a Danish entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera .
Sir David Lindsay of Edzell , Lord Edzell ( 1551?--1610 ) was a Scottish judge .
José Leitão de Barros ( 22 October 1896 -- 29 June 1967 ) was a Portuguese film director and playwright .
Timothy Holmes FRCS ( 9 May 1825 , Islington , Greater London -- 8 September 1907 ) was an English surgeon , known as the editor of several editions of Gray 's Anatomy .
Pablo José Arriaga or Pablo José Arriga ( Vergara , Biscay , 1564 -- died at sea , 1622 ) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary in South America .
Philip Hutchinson ( born 25 January 1862 in West Dean , England , died 30 September 1925 in Durban , Natal ) was a South African cricketer who played in two Tests in 1889 .
Roger Borsa ( 1060/1 -- 22 February 1111 ) was the Norman Duke of Apulia and Calabria and effective ruler of southern Italy from 1085 until his death .
Lu Xisheng ( 陸希聲 ) ( d. 895 ) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving briefly as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Zhaozong .
Anne Goldthwaite ( 1869 - -1944 ) was an American painter and printmaker and an advocate of women 's rights and equal rights .
Dina Sfat , born Dina Kutner ( 28 October 1938 -- 20 March 1989 ) was a Brazilian actress born to Polish Jewish immigrants .
Matteo Martinolich ( 10 February 1860 - 23 December 1934 ) was a Croatian master shipbuilder , and was the first to use Mississippi pine in the building of seagoing vessels , which was approved by the Marine Underwriters .
Per Saugman ( 26 June 1925 -- 25 November 2005 ) was a Director of Blackwell Scientific Publications and a Fellow of St Cross College , Oxford .
Thomas Southey Baker ( 29 June 1848 -- 24 June 1902 ) was an amateur sportsman who was on the winning crew that won The Boat Race in 1869 and played for England in the fourth unofficial football match against Scotland in November 1871 .
Henry Hunt Snelling ( 8 November 1817 -- 24 June 1897 ) was a 19th - century American photographer , editor , author and inventor .
Dawson Millward ( 1870 - -1926 ) was a British stage and film actor .
Don Carlos de Beistegui y de Yturbe ( 1895 -- 17 January 1970 ) , also known as Charles or Charlie de Beistegui , was an eccentric multi - millionaire art collector and interior decorator and one of the most flamboyant characters of mid-20th - century European life .
Alastair Ross Goobey CBE ( 6 December 1945 -- 2 February 2008 ) was a leading British investment manager and pension fund manager .
Antonio Valeriano ( ca . 1531 - -1605 ) was a colonial Mexican , Nahua scholar and politician .
Lidiya Tseraskaya ( Russian : Лидия Петровна Цераская ) ( 1855 - 1931 ) was a Soviet astronomer .
Itala Mela ( 28 August 1904 - 29 April 1957 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic who was a lapsed Christian until a sudden conversion of faith in the 1920s and as a Benedictine oblate assumed the name of `` Maria della Trinità '' .
Richard Salwey ( 1615 -- 1685 ? ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1645 and 1659 .
Walt Partymiller ( 1912 - -1991 ) was an American cartoonist and artist known for his watercolors .
Fatou Ndiaye Sow ( 1956 - -2004 ) was a Senegalese poet , teacher and children 's writer .
Thomas Langlois Lefroy ( 8 January 1776 -- 4 May 1869 ) was an Irish - Huguenot politician and judge .
Pete Glatter ( born January 1949 ) was a British based radical analyst of the Soviet Union and Russia , whose developing career was cut short by degenerative illness in March 2008 .
William Gregory `` Greg '' Kelsall ( 1893 - 1967 ) , known by the stage name Greg Kelsey , was an English born actor and entertainer who gained fame in the USA in the 1930s and 1940s .
Babu Gulab Singh ( died 1857 ) was an Indian Talukdar and one of the rebels of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
René Gabriel ( 14 September 1890 -- 30 October 1950 ) was a French decorative artist and designer who specialized in furniture series ( meuble de série ) .
Sir Edward Seymour , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1580 -- 5 October 1659 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1601 and 1625 .
Antonietta Stefanini ( 3 December 1926 -- 18 January 2016 ) , best known as Antonella Steni , was an Italian actress , voice actress , comedian and presenter .
John Hare Powel ( 22 April 1786 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- 14 June 1856 , Newport , Rhode Island ) was an American agriculturist , art collector and philanthropist .
Andreas Franz Wilhelm Schimper ( 12 May 1856 -- 9 September 1901 ) was a botanist and phytogeographer who made major contributions in the fields of histology , ecology and plant geography .
David Conforte ( c. 1618 -- c. 1685 ) ( Hebrew : דוד קונפורטי ) was a Hebrew literary historian born in Salonica , author of the literary chronicle known by the title Ḳore ha - Dorot .
Lars Magnus Moen ( 29 November 1885 -- 22 April 1964 ) was the Norwegian Minister of Education and Church Affairs 1948 - 1951 and 1951 - 1953 .
William Hammond Hall ( 1846 in Hagerstown , Maryland , United States of America - 1934 ) was a civil engineer who was the first State Engineer of California , and designed Golden Gate Park in San Francisco , CA .
Theodore Maly ( 1894 -- 20 September 1938 ) was a former Roman Catholic priest and Soviet intelligence officer during the 1920s and 1930s .
Enver Maloku ( 1954 , Podujevo -- 11 January 1999 ) was a Kosovar Albanian journalist and writer and head of the Kosovo Information Centre .
Thomas Leverett Nelson ( 1827 - -1897 ) was U.S. District Court judge in Massachusetts .
Lewis Doxat ( 1778 , Calcutta , India - 4 March 1871 , London , England ) was an English newspaper editor .
Constance Chapman ( 29 March 1912 -- 10 August 2003 ) was an English character actor working in theatre and television .
Akeem Anifowoshe ( 11 September 1968 -- 1 December 1994 ) , popular as `` Kid '' Akeem , was a Nigerian Super Flyweight professional boxer .
Josef Mayr - Nusser ( 27 December 1910 - 24 February 1945 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic who served as the President of the Saint Vincent de Paul Conference of the Bolzano division as well as a member of Catholic Action .
Jacob Ernst von Reider ( 1784 -- December 1853 in Ludwigsstadt in Bavaria ) was a German zoologist and botanist .
Johan van der Burg ( Delft , ? --1640 ) was the Dutch Governor of Formosa from 1636 to 1640 .
Robert King , 2nd Baron Kingston ( died 1693 ) was an Irish nobleman , the eldest son of John King , 1st Lord Kingston .
Yvonne McCain ( 1948 - 2011 ) was the lead plaintiff in a lawsuit , which led to a landmark ruling in 1986 by the Appellate Division of the State Supreme Court in Manhattan , stating that New York City could not deny emergency shelter for homeless families with children .
Sattar Bahlulzade ( Azerbaijani : Səttar Bəhlulzadə ; , 15 December ( O.S. 2 December ) 1909 -- 14 October 1974 ) was the founder of contemporary Azerbaijani landscape painting .
Matthew White Ridley , 2nd Viscount Ridley MP DL JP ( 6 December 1874 -- 14 February 1916 ) was a British peer and Conservative politician .
Shiv Singh died of heart attack in a private hospital at Panchkula , Haryana on 26 June 2015 .
Giles H. Miller ( 1902 or 1903 -- 2005 ) was born in his parents ' home in Lynchburg , Virginia , while Theodore Roosevelt was serving his first term as President of the United States .
Edmund Burke Wood ( 13 February 1820 in Fort Erie , Ontario -- 7 October 1882 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for Brant South , and served as the first provincial treasurer of Ontario from 1867 to 1871 under Premier John Sandfield Macdonald .
Liam an Dúna Mac Cairteáin , Irish poet , 1668 - -1724 .
Helge Kvamme ( 1938 -- 5 August 1996 ) is a Norwegian jurist and businessperson .
Deshamanya Nissanka Parakrama Wijeyeratne ( 14 June 1924 -- 7 January 2007 ) , known as Nissanka Wijeyeratne , was a Sri Lankan politician , civil servant , diplomat and poet .
Fearon Fallows ( 4 July 1788 -- 25 July 1831 ) was an English astronomer .
Jonathan Kearsley ( 1786 - -1859 ) was an American military officer and politician .
Howell Elvet Lewis , CH ( 14 April 1860 -- 10 December 1953 ) , widely known by his bardic name Elfed , was a Welsh Congregational minister , hymn - writer , and devotional poet , who served as Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales from 1924 to 1928 .
Bill Hore ( 24 March 1890 -- 15 September 1971 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda , Carlton and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Marika Hanbury - Tenison ( 1938 - -1982 ) was an English journalist , cookery writer , and explorer .
Edward Pulsford ( 29 September 1844 -- 29 September 1919 ) was an English - born Australian politician and free - trade campaigner .
Johanna Hård , née Jungberg ( 3 December 1789 - 12 March 1851 ) , was a Swedish pirate .
Abdelkader Hachani ( pronunciation ahb - dehl - KAH - dehr HAH - shah - nee Arabic : عبد القادر حشاني‎ ) ( 1956 - -1999 ) was a leading figure and founding member of the Islamic Salvation Front ( or FIS ) , an Algerian Islamist party .
Joyce Reason ( December 1894 - 18 September 1974 ) was a British author of missionary biographies and historical fiction for young readers .
Ole Wehus ( 25 June 1909 -- 10 March 1947 ) was a Norwegian police official who was sentenced to death penalty and executed in 1947 .
Stanley Pinker ( 1924 -- 16 June 2012 ) was a Namibian - born painter and printmaker .
Nijaz Duraković ( 1 January 1949 -- 29 January 2012 ) was a Bosnian author , intellectual , professor and politician .
Konrad von Marburg ( sometimes anglicised as Conrad of Marburg ) ( born 1180 -- died 30 July 1233 ) was a medieval , German priest and nobleman .
Sir German Sims Woodhead , KBE ( 29 April 1855 -- 29 December 1921 ) was an English pathologist , born at Huddersfield .
Theodor Szántó , also seen as Tivadar Szántó ( 3 June 1877 -- 7 January 1934 ) was a Hungarian Jewish pianist and composer .
Norman Worker ( 1927 - 5 February 2005 ) was a British comic book writer , best known for his work on comic books featuring Lee Falk 's The Phantom .
Richard James Lane ( 16 February 1800 -- 21 November 1872 ) was a prolific English Victorian engraver and lithographer .
Johannes Magirus ( 26 March 1537 -- 4 July 1614 ) was a German Lutheran Theologian .
Susenghphaa ( reign 1603 - -1641 ) , also Pratap Sinha ( Singha ) ( Assamese : স্বৰ্গদেউ প্ৰতাপ সিংহ ) , was the 17th and one of the most prominent kings of the Ahom kingdom .
Jesse Lewisohn ( 1872 -- 30 November 1918 ) , was a businessman involved in copper trading with Lewisohn Brothers , and an owner of racehorses .
John Robert Parker Ravenscroft , OBE ( 30 August 1939 -- 25 October 2004 ) , known professionally as John Peel , was an English disc jockey , radio presenter , record producer and journalist .
Nicholas I Garai ( Hungarian : Garai I Miklós , Croatian : Nikola I Gorjanski ) ( c. 1325 -- 25 July 1386 ) was a most influential officeholder under king Louis I and queen Mary of Hungary .
Walter Calverley ( died 1605 ) was an English squire and murderer .
Theodor Ketterer ( 1815 - 1884 ) was a renowned Black forest clockmaker who worked in Furtwangen , ( Germany ) .
John Valentine Ellis ( 14 February 1835 -- 10 July 1913 ) was a Canadian journalist and parliamentarian .
K. M. Mathew ( Malayalam : കെ.എം.മാത്യു ) ( 2 January 1917 -- 1 August 2010 ) was a former Chief Editor of leading Malayalam daily Malayala Manorama .
Hans Ystgaard ( 1882 - -1953 ) was the Norwegian Minister of Agriculture from 1935 - -1945 .
Vincenzo Di Francesca ( 23 September 1888 -- 18 November 1966 ) was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) from 1951 until his death .
Iain Sprangach MacDonald ( died 1340 ) was a younger son of Angus Og of Islay , and founder of Clan MacDonald of Ardnamurchan .
Martin Bílek ( 7 January 1973 -- 1 August 2000 ) was a Czech shot putter .
William Cunningham Blest ( born 1800 - died 1884 ) was an Anglo - Irish doctor , the president of the first Medical Society of Chile , creator of the first School of Medicine in Chile , a politician and father of the novelist Alberto Blest Gana .
William Byron , 3rd Baron Byron ( 1636 -- 13 November 1695 ) was an English peer and unskilled poet .
Nicolai Emanuel de Thygeson ( 19 April 1772 -- 16 May 1860 ) or Niels Emanuel de Thygeson , was a Danish - Norwegian landowner and government official .
Meeli Truu ( 27 April 1946 -- 7 August 2013 ) was an Estonian architect .
Dirk Coetzee ( 15 April 1945 -- 7 March 2013 ) was co - founder and commander of the covert South African Security Police unit based at Vlakplaas .
Douglas Hamilton , 8th Duke of Hamilton and 5th Duke of Brandon KT ( 24 July 1756 -- 2 August 1799 ) was a Scottish peer .
George W. Lakin ( March 29 , 1816 -- 1884 ) was an American schoolteacher and lawyer , originally from Maine , who became a pioneer leader of Wisconsin .
Bernard Natan ( born Natan Tannenzaft ; July 14 , 1886 -- October 1942 ) was a Franco - Romanian film director and actor of the 1920s and 1930s .
Molly Luft ( 19 March 1944 -- 24 November 2010 ) was a German prostitute , noted for her obesity and lurid make - up .
Ivor Bennett ( 16 June 1913 -- 16 June 2003 ) was a Welsh rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and 1940s .
Otto Liiv ( 6 September ( O.S. 24 August ) 1905 in Narva -- 10 December 1942 in Tartu ) was an Estonian historian and archivist .
P. A. Backer ( Malayalam : പി.എ. ബക്കർ ; 1940 -- 22 November 1993 ) was one of the `` new wave '' Malayalam film directors of the 1970s and 1980s .
Blessed Pey Berland ( or Peyberland , from Pierre Berland ; c. 1380 -- January 1458 ) was the Archbishop of Bordeaux from 1430 until his abdication , during a pivotal time in the history of the city and of Gascony .
Henri Piet ( 1 January 1888 -- 4 May 1915 ) was a French Lightweight boxer .
Agnes C. Hall ( née Scott ) ( 1777 - -1846 ) was a Scottish writer of novels and non - fiction articles .
Carlmann Kolb ( 29 January 1703 -- 15 January 1765 ) was a German priest , organist , and composer .
Fanny McIan ( c. 1814 -- 7 April 1897 ) was an English artist who specialized in Scottish historical scenes .
Jin Zhun ( 靳準 ) ( died 318 ) was an official of the Chinese / Xiongnu state Han Zhao , who in 318 staged a coup against the Han Zhao emperor and his son - in - law Liu Can and then massacred the imperial Liu family .
Peter Riedemann ( Rideman , Rydeman , Ryedeman ) ( 1506 -- 1 December 1556 ) is considered the second founder of the Hutterite brotherhood , a branch of Anabaptist Christianity .
Helga Jensine Waabenø ( 吴平和 , pinyin : Wú Pínghé , born April 22 , 1908 in Stjørna , died 25 June 1994 ) was a nurse and former Lutheran missionary affiliated with the Norwegian Missionary Society in China .
Louis Fadrique ( also Luis or Lluís Frederic d'Aragó ; died 1382 ) a Catalan nobleman who was Count of Salona , as well as lord of various other towns in Central Greece from ca .
Godred Crovan ( died 1095 ) , known in Gaelic as Gofraid Crobán , Gofraid Meránach , and Gofraid Méránach , was a Norse - Gaelic ruler of the kingdoms of Dublin and the Isles .
Michael Grumley ( 1942 - -1988 ) was an American writer and artist .
Ole Munch Ræder ( 3 May 1815 -- 10 March 1895 ) was a Norwegian jurist and diplomatist .
Sir Fred Schonell ( 3 August 1900 -- 22 February 1969 ) was an Australian educationist , and vice - chancellor of the University of Queensland from 1960 to 1969 .
Paul Paray ( French : ( pɔl paʁɛ ) ; 24 May 1886 -- 10 October 1979 ) was a French conductor , organist and composer .
John Simopoulos ( 12 June 1923 - 4 March 2015 ) was a philosopher and fellow of St. Catherine 's College , Oxford .
Joseph Hathaway Cosby ( June 2 , 1902 -- October 11 , 1998 ) was an American pastor , US Army chaplain , and the second President of Hargrave Military Academy .
Peter Jeffrey ( 18 April 1929 -- 25 December 1999 ) was an English actor with many roles in television and film .
Lorenzo Bartolini ( 7 January 1777 -- 20 January 1850 ) was an Italian sculptor who infused his neoclassicism with a strain of sentimental piety and naturalistic detail , while he drew inspiration from the sculpture of the Florentine Renaissance rather than the overpowering influence of Antonio Canova that circumscribed his Florentine contemporaries .
Leonard C. Lewin ( 2 October 1916 -- 28 January 1999 ) was an American writer , best known as the author of the bestseller The Report from Iron Mountain ( 1967 ) .
Francis Henry de la Motte , or François Henri de la Motte , was a French citizen and ex - French army officer executed in London for High Treason on 27 July 1781 .
Iwuchukwu Amara Tochi ( 1985 or 1986 - -26 January 2007 ) was a Nigerian national convicted of drug trafficking in Singapore .
Annibale Rigotti ( 30 October 1870 -- 8 March 1968 ) was an Italian architect , teacher , designer and urban planner .
Peter Dudley ( 21 June 1935 -- 20 October 1983 ) was an English character actor best known for his role as Bert Tilsley in the ITV television series Coronation Street ; a role he played continuously from 1979 until 1983 .
Ruth Milles ( 19 April 1873 -- 11 February 1941 ) was a Swedish sculptor and writer .
Simion Coman ( born 1890 , died 1971 ) was a Romanian Brigadier - General during World War II . In 1941 , he started his career as Commanding Officer 3rd Dorobanti Infantry Regiment .
Abuna Yesehaq , born Laike Maryam Mandefro in Adwa , Ethiopia , 1933 ; died 29 December 2005 Newark , New Jersey , was a leader of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church in the Western hemisphere .
Somchandbhai Solanki ( December 31 , 1920 - 1985 ) was an Indian politician and was a Member of the Parliament of India in the 4th Lok Sabha and 5th Lok Sabha .
John Prideaux Lightfoot , D.D. ( 23 March 1803 -- 23 March 1887 ) was an English clergyman who served as the Rector of Exeter College , Oxford from 18 March 1854 until his death and as Vice - Chancellor of Oxford University from 1862 to 1866 .
Frank Finn FZS , MBOU ( 1868 -- 1 October 1932 ) was an English ornithologist .
Franco Lechner , best known as Bombolo ( 22 May 1931 -- 21 August 1987 ) , was an Italian character actor and comedian .
Brian Rawlinson ( 12 November 1931 -- 23 November 2000 ) was an English actor and writer for films and TV from the 1950s .
Sir Thomas Palmer , 4th Baronet , of Carlton ( 1702 -- 14 June 1765 ) was a British politician .
Marian Lutosławski ( 1871 -- 5 September 1918 ) was a Polish mechanical engineer and inventor born during the foreign partitions of Poland .
Ned Jenkins ( 28 July 1904 - 8 November 1990 ) was an international rugby union lock who represented Wales and played club rugby for Aberavon .
Patrick Adair ( 1625?--1694 ) was an Irish presbyterian minister , notable for his part in negotiations with government for religious liberty and settlement through his career .
Herbert Feith ( 1930 -- 15 November 2001 ) was an Australian academic and world leading scholar of Indonesian politics .
Alfred Worcester ( 1855 - -1951 ) was a general practitioner in Waltham , Massachusetts known for pioneering work in patient care , the treatment of appendicitis , and the use of Caesarean section .
Antti Lovag ( 1920 -- 27 September 2014 ) was a Hungarian architect .
Ted Buckley ( 23 June 1912 -- 4 February 1984 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Peer Raben ( 3 July 1940 -- 21 January 2007 ) was a German composer best known for his work with German filmmaker Rainer Werner Fassbinder .
Prakash Mehra ( Hindi : प्रकाश मेहरा , 13 July 1939 -- 17 May 2009 ) was a legendary Hindi film producer and director .
Gloria Lasso ( 25 October 1922 -- 4 December 2005 ) was a Spanish - born singer , long based in France .
Bogdan Baltazar ( 22 September 1939 -- 28 December 2012 ) was a leading Romanian banker and the first spokesman of the Romanian government following the fall of the communist regime .
Zhang Gongduo ( 張公鐸 ) ( died 945 ) was a general and official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Shu .
Thomas Scot ( or Scott ; died 17 October 1660 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1645 and 1660 .
Mamai ( Tatar : Мамай , Mamay , 1335 - 1380 ) , of Kiyat descent , was a powerful military commander of the Blue Horde in the 1370s .
Chen Xianqi ( 陳仙奇 ) ( died 786 ) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty .
James Miln ( 1819 -- 1881 ) was a Scottish antiquary who excavated many sites around the French village of Carnac in Brittany from around the 1860s .
William Plaxton ( 1843 - -1907 ) was a Canadian politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories .
Sergei Dolgov , also transliterated as Sergey or Serhei , ( ca . 1964 ) , was a Ukrainian journalist who served as editor for the Vestnik Pryazovya and Khochu v SSSR in Mariupol , Ukraine before he went missing and was killed in 2014 .
Jack Wilson Lydman ( 1914 - -2005 ) was an actor , Foreign Service Officer , and a United States Ambassador to Malaysia ( 1969 - -1973 ) .
Erik Sætter - Lassen ( 15 July 1892 -- 24 December 1966 ) was a Danish sport shooter who competed at the 1920 , 1924 , 1936 and 1948 Summer Olympics .
John Hough James ( 1800 - 1881 ) was an American lawyer , banker , railroad builder , scientific farmer and stockbreeder , legislator , politician , editor , lecturer and writer .
Marie Bloede ( 29 September 1821 - 12 March 1870 ) was an American author of German descent , who also published under the pseudonym Marie Westland .
Giambattista Canano ( 1515 - -1579 ) was a notable anatomist and professor at the University of Ferrara of the 16th century who was wrongly credited with the discovery of the circulation of the blood which was presented to him and other scholars by Amato Lusitano .
Marie Fel ( 24 October 1713 -- 2 February 1794 ) was a French opera singer and a daughter of the organist Henri Fel .
Sir Matthew Carew ( died 1618 ) was an English lawyer .
David Saperton ( 1889 - -1970 ) was an American pianist known especially for being the first pianist to play the entire original compositions as well as the complete transcriptions of his father - in - law , Leopold Godowsky .
Gus Edwards ( 18 August 1879 -- 7 November 1945 ) was an American songwriter and vaudevillian .
Edward Nares ( 26 March 1762 -- 23 July 1841 ) was an English historian and theologian , and general writer .
V. Ishwaraiah MBBS , MRCP , FRFPS ( 1898 - -1983 ) was an eminent professor of Pharmacology in India .
Hugh Pembroke Vowles ( 1885 in Pembroke , Wales -- 1951 in `` The Leaze '' , Oxlynch , Stonehouse , Gloucestershire , England ) was a British engineer , socialist and author .
Ohno Bakufu ( Japanese : 大野麦風 , 1888 - -1976 ) was a Japanese painter and printmaker .
Sir Augustine Nicolls or Nicholls ( 1559 - -1616 ) was an English judge .
Johann Georg Wunderlich ( February 1755 -- 1819 ) was a German composer and flautist .
Dr. Ian Munro Ross FREng ( 15 August 1927 -- 10 March 2013 ) was an early pioneer in transistors , and for 12 years President of Bell Labs .
Sir Thomas Smythe or Smith ( c.1558 -- 4 September 1625 ) , was an English merchant , politician and colonial administrator .
Arthur Romilly Fedden ( 1875 - -1939 ) was an English artist and watercolourist .
Anatoly Pozdnyakov ( died 17 September 2001 ) was a Russian general , alternatively identified as a Lieutenant General and Major General , and aide to Chief of the General Staff Anatoly Kvashnin .
Paul I Šubić of Bribir ( Croatian : Pavao I. Šubić Bribirski ; Hungarian : bribiri I. Subics Pál ) ( c. 1245 -- 1 May 1312 ) was a Croatian leader and most outstanding member of the Šubić noble family from Bribir .
Josip Jović ( 21 November 1969 -- 31 March 1991 ) was a Croatian police officer who was killed by Serb forces during the Plitvice Lakes incident .
Alonzo Hartwell ( 19 February 1805 Littleton , Massachusetts -- 17 January 1873 Waltham , Massachusetts ) was an engraver and portrait artist in Boston , Massachusetts , in the 19th century .
Aziz Nimani ( 1936 in Peć - 2005 in Pristina ) was a Kosovo Albanian painter .
Nati Kaji or Natikaji or Nati Kaji Shrestha ( 1925 - -2003 ) was veteran singer , musician of Nepali music industry .
George Copway ( 1818 -- January 1869 ) was a Mississaugas Ojibwa writer , ethnographer , Methodist missionary , lecturer , and advocate of Native Americans .
Gabriel de Rochechouart de Mortemart , Duke of Mortemart ( 1600 -- 26 December 1675 ) was a French nobleman and father of the Marquise de Montespan .
Edward Murray Wrong ( 14 April 1889 -- 15 February 1928 ) was a British historian , Vice - President of Magdalen College , Oxford ( 1924 - -25 ) , and its Junior Proctor ( 1927 - -28 ) .
Luke Netterville ( c. 1510 - -1560 ) was a sixteenth - century Irish judge .
Hans Georg Nägeli ( 26 May 1773 -- 26 December 1836 ) was a composer and music publisher .
Addis Ababa University was founded as a two - year college in 1950 by a Canadian Jesuit , Dr Lucien Matte , S.J. , at the request of Haile Selassie .
Book Stacks Unlimited was an online bookstore created by Charles M. Stack in 1992 , two years before Jeff Bezos launched Amazon.com .
Acclaim Studios Austin was first incorporated in Sunnyvale , California on August 14 , 1991 by Jeff Spangenberg called Iguana Entertainment .
Kimora Lee Simmons announced her split from Baby Phat via Twitter in August 2010 .
Harrods founder is Charles Henry Harrod first established his business in 1824 , aged 25 .
The Avi Chai Foundation is a private foundation endowed in 1984 by Zalman Bernstein , a well - known successful investor and founder of Sanford Bernstein .
Indorama Ventures Public Company Limited , founded by Indian businessman Aloke Lohia , is one of the world 's leading producers in the intermediate petrochemicals industry and a leading global manufacturer of wool yarns .
Originally founded in 1983 at Columbia University by Terry Belanger , Rare Book School moved to the University of Virginia in 1992 .
WWE 's origins can trace back as far as 1952 when Roderick James `` Jess '' McMahon and Toots Mondt created the Capitol Wrestling Corporation Ltd. ( CWC ) , which joined the National Wrestling Alliance in 1953 .
Chobani is an American brand of strained yogurt produced by Chobani , LLC . The company was founded in 2005 when Hamdi Ulukaya bought a plant in the town of New Berlin , New York , that was being closed by Kraft Foods .
Celtic Woman is an all - female Irish musical ensemble conceived and created by David Kavanagh , Sharon Browne and David Downes , a former musical director of the Irish stage show Riverdance .
Dakota Pictures is an American film / television production company and development company created by Director / Writer / Producer Troy Miller in 1985 .
The company was founded as The Brick Warehouse LP by brothers , John , Fred , and Bill Comrie .
Harvey Comics ( also known as Harvey World Famous Comics , Harvey Publications , Harvey Comics Entertainment , Harvey Hits , Harvey Illustrated Humor , and Harvey Picture Magazines ) was an American comic book publisher , founded in New York City by Alfred Harvey in 1941 , after buying out the small publisher Brookwood Publications .
Political Spring ( Greek : Πολιτική Άνοιξη , Politiki Anixi ) was a Greek conservative political party founded in June 1993 by Antonis Samaras .
Wikiquote is one of a family of wiki - based projects run by the Wikimedia Foundation , running on MediaWiki software .
Baltimore City Paper is a free alternative weekly newspaper published in Baltimore , Maryland , founded in 1977 by Russ Smith and Alan Hirsch .
The Native American Rights Fund was co - founded in 1970 by David Risling and John Echohawk ( Pawnee ) .
Blowback Productions is an independent film and television production company founded in 1988 by Marc Levin .
Lions Clubs International ( LCI ) is an American secular , non - political service organization founded by Melvin Jones in 1917 .
Alfa Laval AB is a Swedish company , founded in 1883 by Gustaf de Laval and Oscar Lamm .
The Catholic Art Association ( CAA ) was founded in 1937 by Sister Esther Newport as an organization of artists , art educators and others interested in Catholic art and its philosophy .
The Diesel Locomotive Works ( DLW ) in Varanasi , India , is a production unit owned by Indian Railways , that manufactures diesel - electric locomotives and its spare parts .
Prior to Simogo , founders Simon Flesser and Magnus `` Gordon '' Gardebäck worked at Southend Interactive , creating ilomilo ( Xbox 360 ) amongst other games .
Zane 's Trace is a frontier road constructed under the direction of Col . Ebenezer Zane through the Northwest Territory of the United States , in what is now the state of Ohio .
Wikinews is a free - content news source wiki and a project of the Wikimedia Foundation .
Founded in Milan , Italy , in 1900 by Cesare Isotta and the brothers Vincenzo , Antonio and Oreste Fraschini , in 1955 it was merged with engine manufacturer Breda Motori and was renamed F.A. Isotta Fraschini e Motori Breda .
The Bureau of Indian Education ( BIE ) , headquartered in Washington , D.C. , and formerly known as the Office of Indian Education Programs ( OIEP ) , is a division of the U.S. Department of the Interior under the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs .
Magyar Suzuki Corporation is an automobile manufacturing plant , subsidiary of Suzuki , located in Esztergom , Hungary and founded in 1991 .
Bergsala AB , from Kungsbacka , Sweden , has operated as the Nordic and Baltic agent and distributor of Nintendo products since 1981 .
Crestline Coach Ltd. is an ambulance manufacturer located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada , with offices in Alberta , Manitoba , Ontario , Quebec , and California .
The original Fred Koch Brewery was a small , independent brewery in Dunkirk , New York that produced beer and ale from late 1888 until 1985 .
Headquartered in San Francisco , California , the Taproot Foundation has additional offices in New York City , Chicago , Washington , D.C. , and Los Angeles .
Infocom was a software company , based in Cambridge , Massachusetts , that produced numerous works of interactive fiction .
Asia Capital Reinsurance Group ( `` Asia Capital Re '' ) is a Singapore - based reinsurance company .
Quanta Technology LLC is a utility infrastructure consulting company based in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Thermique Technologies , LLC , is a manufacturing company in Chicago , Illinois , best known for researching and developing new applications for heated glass technology .
Madrona Venture Group is an American venture capital firm , founded in 1995 and is based in Seattle , Washington .
KAvZ ( Russian : Курга́нский авто́бусный заво́д , КАвЗ , Kurgansky Avtobusny Zavod ) is a bus manufacturer in Kurgan , KGN , Russia .
Sambhali Trust ( Hindi : Rising of the deprived women ) is a nonprofit organisation based in Jodhpur , India .
Mouettes Genevoises Navigation is the member of Unireso that provides public transportation in and around Geneva , Switzerland by boat .
Lanitz Aviation is a German aircraft manufacturer based in Leipzig .
CM Labs Simulations is a private company established in Montreal in 2001 .
Wonhwa Chemical Co , Ltd. ( hangul:원화화학 ) is a South Korean chemical manufacturer , established in 1987 and headquartered in Geomsan - dong Paju Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
AuCom Electronics Ltd is a global company headquartered in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Established in 1901 , Belsize Motors was based in Clayton , Manchester , England .
The Co - operative College was established in 1919 by the Co - operative Union with ten overseas students based on the second floor of Holyoake House , Manchester , and in 1943 the College became a charitable trust .
David R. Godine , Publisher is an American book publishing company , founded in 1970 in Boston , Massachusetts .
Tricel is a global engineering company headquartered in Killarney in County Kerry , Ireland .
Miracle Food Mart was a supermarket chain in Ontario , Canada , owned by Steinberg 's , a Quebec - based retailer in the 1970s and 1980s .
Scriptorium Fonts is an Austin , Texas based type foundry founded in 1992 by game designer , editor and historian Dave Nalle .
Trnavské automobilové závody ( TAZ ) was an automobile manufacturer in Trnava , Slovakia , that produced cars between 1973 and 1999 .
Arbella Insurance Group , headquartered in Quincy , Massachusetts , United States , is a regional property and casualty insurance company providing business and personal insurance in Massachusetts and Connecticut , as well as business insurance in Rhode Island and New Hampshire .
Food Bazaar becomes part of Big Bazaar with the launch of the first store in Mumbai at High Street Phoenix 2003 Enters Tier II cities with the launch of the store in Nagpur Welcomes its 10 millionth customer at its new store in Gurgaon 2004 Wins its first award and national recognition .
In April 2012 , China Unicom was a founding member in the formation of Cloud Computing Industry Alliance in Beijing .
Engro Corporation is a Pakistani public multinational corporation based in Karachi with subsidiaries involved in production of fertilizers , foods , chemicals , energy and petrochemicals .
Virtway is a serious game developer located in Oviedo , Spain .
SYBO Games is a mobile game developer company located in Copenhagen , Denmark founded by Creative Director Sylvester Rishøj Jensen and CEO Bodie Jahn - Mulliner .
Lerøy Seafood Group is a seafood production and distribution company based in Bergen , Norway The company started operation in the 19th century when the fisherman Ole Mikkel Lerøen started selling fish and other seafood on the fish market of Bergen .
En Masse Entertainment is a Seattle - based PC and mobile game - publishing company known for localizing and publishing the Korean MMO TERA in North America .
Cape Cod Publishing Company , based in Orleans , Massachusetts , USA , was a publisher of weekly newspapers in the 1990s .
In 1978 , BRAC entered into a joint venture with the Mennonite Central Committee , the international development arm of the Mennonite Church , to open a shop in Dhaka called Aarong -- meaning `` village fair . ''
O'Neal Steel , Inc. , based in Birmingham , Alabama , United States , is the nation 's largest privately owned full - line metals service center .
The Vernon Building Society is a UK building society based in Stockport , Greater Manchester .
CAcert Inc. is an incorporated non - profit association registered in New South Wales ( Australia ) since July 2003 which runs CAcert.org .
Israir Airlines Ltd. ( Hebrew : ישראייר‎ ) , usually referred to as Israir , is an Israeli airline headquartered in Tel Aviv .
Pet Circle is an Australian online pet supplies company based in Alexandria , New South Wales , Australia , founded by Mike Frizell and James Edwards in 2011 .
In 1963 , after Marmon - Herrington , the successor to the Marmon Motor Car Company , ceased truck production , a new company , Marmon Motor Company of Denton , Texas , purchased and revived the Marmon brand to build and sell premium truck designs that Marmon - Herrington had been planning .
Scottish & Newcastle plc was a brewing company headquartered in Edinburgh , Scotland which expanded significantly from its home base to become an international business with beer volumes growing almost tenfold .
National Career Fairs has its headquarters in Henderson , Nevada , and is under the leadership of Scott Lobenberg , founder and president , and Diana Nicholson , CEO .
The Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik ( Wiener Neustadt locomotive factory ) was the largest locomotive and engineering factory in the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
The Jamestown Foundation is a Washington , D.C .- based institute for research and analysis , founded in 1984 as a platform to support Soviet defectors .
Büssing AG was a German bus and truck manufacturer , established in 1903 by Heinrich Büssing ( 1843 - -1929 ) in Braunschweig .
B. Kuppenheimer & Co. , or simply Kuppenheimer , was a men 's clothing manufacturing and retail operation based in Chicago , Illinois and later Atlanta , Georgia .
Nexteer Automotive ( SEHK : 1316 ) is an automotive parts supplier owned by Pacific Century Motors and headquartered in Saginaw , Michigan , United States .
Leoni AG , based in Nuremberg , Germany , is a cable and harnessing manufacturing firm with branches throughout the world .
The Thylander Group is a family owned group of companies founded 1986 in Copenhagen by Lars thylander .
Vuzix is an American multinational technology firm headquartered in Rochester , New York .
In 1993 , Linda Dozier set up NaviSoft Inc. in the basement of her Goleta , California home with business partner David C. Cole .
Murray Frank LLP ( formerly known as Murray , Frank & Sailer LLP ) is a law firm based in New York City that specializes in class action litigation , particularly in cases involving federal securities law , federal antitrust law , ERISA , and state consumer protection law .
CountryMark is an agricultural cooperative firm , headquartered in Indianapolis , that operates in the United States crude oil and oil refinery businesses .
Borgward is an automobile manufacturer originally founded by Carl F. W. Borgward ( November 10 , 1890 -- July 28 , 1963 ) , the original company , based in Bremen in Germany , ceased operations in the 1960s .
Cofio Software , headquartered in San Diego , California , was a privately held startup company founded in 2006 by Tony Cerqueira , Patrick Barcus and Fabrice Helliker .
Bloomberg implemented an aggressive recruiting strategy to staff Bloomberg Government in Washington , D.C. which included hiring industry analysts , political staff , product developers and a business development team .
Norse Irish Ferries was an Irish Sea ferry company that operated a passenger and freight roll - on / roll - off service between Belfast and Liverpool .
The Gardline Group is a holding company based in Great Yarmouth , England .
All over Russia 1HDTV has more than 6,200,000 subscribers .
The Škoda Works ( Czech : Škodovy závody ) was one of the largest European industrial conglomerates of the 20th century , founded by Bohemian industrialist Emil Škoda in 1859 in Plzeň , then in the Kingdom of Bohemia , Austrian Empire .
Virident Systems is a computer systems company headquartered in Milpitas , California , that designs and builds computer data storage products .
Umbro is an English sportswear and football equipment supplier based in Manchester .
The Osgood Company was a Marion , Ohio based manufacturer of heavy machinery , producing steam shovels , dragline excavators and cranes .
ENC Press ( Emperor 's New Clothes Press ) is a small , independent publishing house founded in 2003 , in Hoboken , New Jersey , by New York editor and writer Olga Gardner Galvin .
The Uetliberg railway line ( German : Uetlibergbahn ) is a passenger railway line which runs from the central station in the Swiss city of Zürich ( Zürich Hauptbahnhof ) through the city 's western outskirts to the summit of the Üetliberg .
Samsung Electronics Co. , Ltd. ( Korean : 삼성전자 ; Hanja : 三星電子 ) is a South Korean multinational electronics company headquartered in Suwon , South Korea .
Krøll Cranes A / S is a Danish company situated in Copenhagen and specializing in crane manufacturing , particularly tower cranes .
Intransitive Recordings is an independent record label for experimental music , founded in Gainesville , Florida in 1997 by the artist Howard Stelzer and currently based in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Higer Bus Company Limited , also known as HIGER BUS , is a Chinese bus manufacturer based in Suzhou , Jiangsu province .
Hindustan Unilever Limited ( HUL ) is an Indian consumer goods company based in Mumbai , Maharashtra .
Perley A. Thomas Car Works , Inc. was a 20th - century builder of wooden and steel streetcars , based in High Point , North Carolina in the United States .
Tolerx , Inc. was a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Interactive Television Entertainment ( ITE ) was a Copenhagen - based Danish company founded in 1988 as SilverRock Productions and renamed to ITE in 1992 .
Koni Store is a Brazilian chain of Japanese food headquartered in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Basic Rights Oregon is an American nonprofit LGBT rights organization based in Portland , Oregon .
Metaweb Technologies , Inc. was a San Francisco - based company that developed Freebase , described as an `` open , shared database of the world 's knowledge '' .
Belcan Corporation is an engineering consulting and staffing firm headquartered in Cincinnati , Ohio .
The Labour India group of companies are registered under Labour India Educational Society , Marangattupilly in Kottayam District , Kerala .
Pacific Investment Management Company , LLC ( commonly called PIMCO ) , is a global investment management firm headquartered in Newport Beach , California , with over 2,000 employees working in 13 offices across 12 countries , and $ 1.52 trillion in assets under management as of 30 June 2015 .
Owned by Afzal Kahn with a factory in Bradford , the company was originally incorporated in 1998 as A Kahn Design Limited .
In 2012 , Quake Global received an Inc. 5000 rank of 82 in the San Diego Metro Area .
Aabar Investments PJS ( formerly Aabar Investments PJSC ) is a private joint stock company registered and incorporated in Abu Dhabi , UAE .
Culligan is an international water treatment products company headquartered in Rosemont , Illinois .
Chartway Federal Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Virginia Beach and is chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) .
IBML ( Imaging Business Machines , L.L.C. ) , founded in 1992 , is a privately held information capture company headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama , USA .
Shooting Stars Productions is a youth sports and school portraiture company located in the historic Mission District neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
Wideload Games was an American game developer located in Chicago , Illinois .
Riggs Bank was a Washington , D.C .- based commercial bank with branches located in the surrounding metropolitan area and offices around the world .
Sportskeeda is a sports website based in Bangalore that functions on the principle of crowdsourcing .
Premier Cruise Line , a subsidiary of Premier Cruises , was a cruise line that was headquartered in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Lennar Corporation ( NYSE : LEN ) is a Fortune 500 company based in Miami , Florida , United States , in the Fontainebleau area .
As of November 2010 , Interbank Burundi has a network of branched in Bujumbura , the national capital and in the provinces .
The company outsources the authorization and capture of transactions to Global Payments , TSYS and First Data Co - Founded in 2000 by CEO Lazaros Kalemis and Dimitrios Tsikoudis , Alpha Card Services is headquartered in Trevose , Pennsylvania .
Sewa Beats is an international company with its headquarters in Écublens , Switzerland , that delivers management learning through rhythm and music .
Armor Holdings was founded in 1969 as American Body Armor and Equipment , Inc. at Jacksonville , Florida .
Get Satisfaction is a customer community software platform for technical support based in San Francisco , California , United States .
Hiltz Squared Media Group Inc. is a Canadian television and film production and distribution company based in Toronto , Ontario .
SRC Inc. , formerly Syracuse Research Corporation , is an independent , not - for - profit research and development company that develops solutions for customers in the defense , environment and intelligence industries .
Equix is a company in Lexington , Kentucky , founded in 1984 .
The University of Insubria ( Italian : Università degli Studi dell'Insubria ) is an Italian university located in Como and Varese , with secondary locations in Busto Arsizio and Saronno .
The Willys version of the car would become the standardized Jeep design , designated the model MB and was built at their plant in Toledo , Ohio .
Founded in 1987 with headquarters in San Jose , California , DSP Group employs over 400 people at three US sites and offices in Germany , Scotland , Israel , India , Hong Kong and Japan .
Founded in March 2008 by Sébastien Aubert and David Guiraud , ADASTRA Films is a film production and distribution company based in Cannes , France .
The Kamal Kumari Foundation is a charitable trust in Assam established in 1990 in the fond memory of Kamal Kumari Barooah , the remarkable matriarch of the Khongiya Barooah family of Thengal , Assam .
LaserShip is based in Vienna , Virginia and has sortation centers in New Jersey , Ohio , North Carolina , and Florida .
Later , In 2011 , Forward Music opened its state of the art Live concert venue in Beirut :
James Purdey & Sons , or simply `` Purdey '' , is a famous British gunmaker of London , specialising in high - end bespoke sporting shotguns and rifles .
In 2010 the Deseret News moved its offices out of the Deseret News Building to the broadcast house in the Triad Center , so they could integrate with KSL 's newsroom .
Exile Editions is an independent literary publisher based in Toronto .
Martha 's Table ( founded in 1980 ) is a non - profit organization , an active charity and volunteer center in Washington , D.C. The mission of Martha 's Table is to `` build a better future through healthy food , affordable clothing , and quality education . ''
Terumo Penpol has its headquarters in Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala and employs 1200 people .
On 9 January 2012 the Commercial Court in Paris announced their decision to liquidate SeaFrance .
In 1976 , the International Wittgenstein Symposium was founded by Elisabeth Leinfellner , Werner Leinfellner , Rudolf Haller , Paul Weingartner , and Adolf Hübner in Kirchberg am Wechsel , Lower Austria .
Daimler Trucks North America LLC , formerly Freightliner Corporation , is an automotive industry manufacturer of commercial vehicles headquartered in Portland , Oregon , and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG .
Kent RO Systems Ltd is an Indian healthcare products company headquartered in Noida , Uttar Pradesh .
North Absheron Operating Company ( NAOC ) was an international petroleum consortium based in Baku , Azerbaijan created to explore and develop the Dan Ulduzu and Ashrafi prospects in the Azerbaijani sector of the Caspian Sea .
In 2002 , Bridgecorp Holdings was deregistered in New Zealand and moved its headquarters to Sydney , Australia .
Auto - Sleepers ( sometimes incorrectly spelt as Autosleeper or Auto Sleepers ) , is an English manufacturer of campervan motorhomes , based in Willersey a small village near Broadway , Worcestershire .
The Prussian Trust , or Prussian Claims Society , ( German : Preußische Treuhand GmbH & Co. KGaA ) is a corporation registered in Düsseldorf , founded in 2000 as Preußische Treuhand GmbH by some descendants of German expellees , and supported by some officials of the Landsmannschaft Schlesien organization .
The Isles of Scilly Steamship Company ( ISSC ) operates the principal shipping service from Penzance , in the English county of Cornwall , to the Isles of Scilly , located 28 miles ( 45 km ) to the southwest .
The Compañía Sevillana de Electricidad , S. A. ( known as CSE , Sevillana , or Sevillana de Electricidad ) was a Spanish electricity generation company , founded in Seville in 1894 .
The National Iranian Oil Company ( NIOC ) ( Persian : شرکت ملّی نفت ایران‎‎ Sherkat - e Melli - ye Naft - e Īrān ) , a government - owned corporation under the direction of the Ministry of Petroleum of Iran , is an oil and natural gas producer and distributor headquartered in Tehran .
Late nineties Radio 538 moved from Bussum to Hilversum , where it moved into a studio complex close to the town hall .
Siemens Building Technologies , an Operating Division of Siemens AG ( hereinafter referred to as `` Siemens Building Technologies '' and/or `` SBT '' ) , is a global electronics and information technology company , which is located in Zug , Switzerland and employs more than 40,000 people .
Olmstead Williams Communications is a Los Angeles - based public relations agency .
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. ( Hebrew : טבע תעשיות פרמצבטיות בע``מ‎ ) is an Israeli - American multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in Petah Tikva , Israel .
Somtel ( Somali : Somtel , Arabic : سومتيل‎ ) is a telecommunications company headquartered in Hargeisa , the capital of the northwestern Somaliland region of Somalia .
Tapulous , Inc. was an American software and video game developer and publisher headquartered in Palo Alto , California .
After the notorious 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire , the Enterprise Engine and Machinery Company played a significant role in the rebuilding of the city .
The Iraq Stock Exchange ( ISX ) , formally the Baghdad Stock Exchange , is a stock exchange in Baghdad , Iraq .
HornFans is a University of Texas at Austin - focused online community that was created in 1999 .
He is based in Washington , D.C. John Davis is the Executive Vice President working closely with Brenkus and Stern headlining the business , legal , financial and creative aspects of BASE Productions .
Ascend Communications was an Alameda , California - based manufacturer of communications equipment that was later purchased by Lucent Technologies in 1999 .
XLrator Media is an American film distributor headquartered in Los Angeles , California .
The Traditional Youth Marching Bands Association ( TYMBA ) is an organization related to marching bands in the United Kingdom .
I.DE.A Institute ( acronym , Institute of Development in Automotive Engineering ) is an automobile design and engineering company in Turin , Italy , founded in 1978 .
Ark Collective is an eclectic backpack company based in Santa Ana , CA that was established with the goal of enhancing the educational experience of the underserved youth of America .
Sisense is a business analytics software company with offices in New York City and Tel Aviv .
The godfather of brewery `` Rinkuškiai '' can be considered of Jonas Čygas , he was known as one of the best beer maker of Biržai .
Unipol Gruppo Finanziario is an Italian financial services holding operating in the insurance and banking fields with headquarters in the Unipol Tower , Bologna .
Armacell International S.A. , based in Luxembourg , produces flexible insulation foams for the equipment - insulation market .
The Pyramid Companies , also known as Pyramid Management Group , were formed in 1970 in Syracuse , New York by Robert J. Congel .
Sur La Table , Inc. is a privately held American retail company based in Seattle , Washington , that sells kitchenware products , including cookware , cutlery , cooks ' tools , small electrics , tabletop and linens , bakeware , glassware and bar , housewares , food and outdoor .
ADS Securities LLC is a private financial services firm in Abu Dhabi that offers commodity trading ( precious metals such as gold , platinum , silver , and palladium ) , foreign exchange , and multi - asset investment services .
Vickers bought out the Barrow - in - Furness shipbuilder The Barrow Shipbuilding Company in 1897 , acquiring its subsidiary the Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Company .
Smiths Group plc ( LSE : SMIN ) is a British multinational diversified engineering business headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Headquartered in Toronto , Ontario , Vistek currently operates in Canada through five retail stores : the main store in Toronto , one store in Calgary , one in Edmonton , one in Mississauga and one in Ottawa .
The International Bank of Azerbaijan - Georgia ( `` IBA - Georgia '' for short ) is a subsidiary bank of the International Bank of Azerbaijan located in Tbilisi , Georgia , founded in 2007 .
Cheney Racing is a British motorcycle manufacturer , originally founded by Eric Cheney , based in Petersfield , Hampshire which builds complete specialist high performance motocross motorcycles , rolling chassis or frame kits to individual customer specifications .
Franz Wilhelm Langguth Erben GmbH & Co. KG is a German winery headquartered in Traben - Trarbach .
Sellers Bros. is a chain of grocery stores and convenience stores based in Houston , Texas , United States .
Apparel 2000 LLC , located in Rockland , MA is an embroidery company based out of Rockland , Massachusetts , United States .
Embassy GolfLinks Business Park ( ಏಮಬಸ್ಸ್ಯ್ ಗೋಲ್ಫ್ಲಿನ್ಕ್ಸ್ ಬಿಸಿನೆಸ್ ಪಾರ್ಕ್ ) is a software centric commercial park in Bangalore , Karnataka , India .
Wera Tools is the popular name for tool manufacturer , Wera Werk Hermann Werner GmbH & Co. KG of Wuppertal , Germany .
Sanford USD Medical Center is a hospital in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , USA .
Phonocar is an Italian Company , founded in Reggio Emilia , Italy , in 1972 .
In 2014 , AKD Securities worked alongside the Karachi Stock Exchange and Bloomberg to host the `` Pakistan Investor Day '' conference in Hong Kong .
Paragon Software was published through MicroProse , and was based out of Greensburg , Pennsylvania , United States .
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Mumbai , India .
Rolland - Pilain was a French car maker formally established on 4 November 1905 at 95 , rue Victor - Hugo in Tours by François Rolland and Émile Pilain .
Intaver Institute is a privately owned company headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
SandForce was an American fabless semiconductor company based in Milpitas , California , that designed and manufactured flash memory controllers for solid - state drives ( SSDs ) .
The Nederlandsche Dok en Scheepsbouw Maatschappij ( NDSM ) ( Dutch : Netherlands dock and shipbuilding company ) , was a shipbuilding and repair company based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands , existing from 1946 to 1979 .
The Connelly Foundation is a Philadelphia philanthropic organization based in West Conshohocken , Pennsylvania .
Ciber is headquartered in Greenwood Village , Colorado , with office locations in the United States , Australia , Canada , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , India , the Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Spain , Sweden , the United Kingdom and Vietnam .
Film Division is an award winning Birmingham , UK based music video and independent film production collaborative founded by director / producer / cinematographer Stewart Addison .
Nightexpress Luftverkehrsgesellschaft mbH is a small German cargo airline based at Frankfurt Airport .
Schottenstein Stores Corp. , based in Columbus , Ohio , is a holding company for various ventures of the Schottenstein family .
ROIR ( pronounced `` roar '' ) , or Reachout International Records , is a New York City - based record label founded in 1979 by Neil Cooper .
The Sächsische Maschinenfabrik in Chemnitz was one of the most important engineering companies in Saxony in the second half of the 19th century and the first two decades of the 20th century .
Kranich 's Jewelers is a family owned jewelry store with locations in Altoona , State College and Johnstown Pennsylvania .
Aquila Airways was a British independent airline , formed on 18 May 1948 and based in Southampton , Hampshire .
Chunlan Group Corp ( Chinese : 春兰集团公司 ) is a Chinese corporation with its headquarters at Taizhou , Jiangsu province .
Castlight Health is a San Francisco based healthcare information company .
Latvijas Balzams ( English : Latvian Balsam ) is the largest alcoholic beverage producer in the Baltic states headquartered in Riga .
Peter Pan Bus Lines is a long - distance bus carrier headquartered in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Boltfish Recordings is a record label based in London , England , whilst also operating in Liverpool , England .
Clarke Chapman is a British engineering firm based in Gateshead , which was formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange .
The Charles H. Kerr Publishing Company was established in Chicago , Illinois in 1886 as Charles H. Kerr & Co. by Charles Hope Kerr , originally to promote his Unitarian views .
National Online Insurance School is a nationwide state - certified pre - licensing insurance school headquartered in Delray Beach , Florida , United States .
The Libyan Foreign Bank ( LFB ) was established in 1972 in Tripoli , Libya as the country 's first offshore banking institution licensed to operate internationally .
Kewpee 's current headquarters is located in Lima , Ohio .
Shoplet is headquartered in downtown New York City and maintains offices in both Canada and the United Kingdom .
YouNoodle is a San Francisco - based company , founded in 2010 , building a platform for entrepreneurship competitions all over the world .
The current world headquarters for Subsea 7 are located at 200 Hammersmith Road , London .
Eclipsys was founded in 1995 , and had its headquarters in Atlanta , Georgia .
The Yalwa business directory is operated by the German startup company Yalwa located in Wiesbaden , Germany .
Kiddiepunk is a Paris - based , independent publisher founded in 2002 by artist and filmmaker Michael Salerno .
Alteryx is an American computer software company based out of Irvine , California , with a development center in Broomfield , Colorado .
TT Hellenic Postbank ( formerly the Greek Postal Savings Bank , Greek : Ταχυδρομικό Ταμιευτήριο Tachidromiko Tamieftirio ) was a commercial bank based in Athens , in Greece .
Levi , Ray & Shoup , Inc. ( LRS ) is a privately held multinational corporation headquartered in Springfield , Illinois USA that develops and sells computer software , along with providing a range of information technology services , through its various product divisions .
The University of National and World Economy ( Bulgarian : Университет за национално и световно стопанство ) is a university located in Sofia , Bulgaria .
Adams Extract , owned by Adams Flavors , Foods & Ingredients LLC , operates a full - service spice and extract packaging and manufacturing facility in Gonzales , Texas .
Aéroports de Montréal ( or ADM ) is the main airport authority in Greater Montreal , headquartered in Suite 1000 of the Leigh - Capreol Place in Dorval , Quebec .
PicDial is a mobile service created by IQzone Inc. and based in Scottsdale , Arizona , United States .
Energy Brands , also doing business as Glacéau , is a privately owned subsidiary of The Coca - Cola Company based in Whitestone , New York City that manufactures and distributes various lines of enhanced water .
Woodward & Lothrop was a department store chain headquartered in Washington , D.C. Woodward & Lothrop was Washington , D.C. 's first department store , opening in 1887 .
Nightfall Games was founded by Dave Allsop , Anne Boylan and Jared Earle in April 1993 in Glasgow , Scotland .
The Craniofacial Society of Great Britain and Ireland ( CFSGBI ) , commonly known as the Craniofacial Society , is a professional organisation and charity dedicated to the study of cleft lip and palate and other craniofacial anomalies based at the Royal College of Surgeons of England in London in the United Kingdom .
Shanda Interactive Entertainment Limited ( or Shanda Interactive ) ( Chinese : 盛大互动娱乐有限公司 ; pinyin : Shèngdà Hùdòng Yúlè Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī ) is a Chinese operator of online games and book publisher , based in Shanghai , established in December 1999 by Chen Tianqiao and Chen Danian .
As of 2014 , TEDMED staff operates from Stamford , Connecticut .
HITT Production or HITT Müzik & Prodüksiyon is a Turkish record label and production company established by pop singer Tarkan in 1997 , located in Levent , Beşiktaş , Istanbul .
The Montana Policy Institute is a nonprofit free market think tank based in Bozeman , Montana .
Essar Hypermart is a steel retail chain headquartered at Mumbai , India .
AT&T Inc. is an American multinational telecommunications corporation , headquartered at Whitacre Tower in downtown Dallas , Texas .
Allozyne is a clinical stage biotechnology company headquartered in Seattle 's biotech and high tech innovation corridor .
The C. E. Lipe Machine Shop was established in Syracuse , New York in 1880 in the Lynch Building by Charles E. Lipe ( 1850 - -1895 ) , a mechanical engineer .
Infinity Power Chutes , LLC is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Sturgis , Michigan and headed by Alvie Wall .
Fairchild Semiconductor International , Inc. is an American semiconductor company based in San Jose , California .
Adogy is a Palo Alto , California - based agency that uses technology to create data - driven campaigns for its clients .
Arbitration Place is an internationally affiliated arbitration facility and legal centre located in the Bay - Adelaide Centre , in Toronto , Canada .
ICICI Bank ( Industrial Credit and Investment Corporation of India ) is an Indian multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India , with its registered office in Vadodara .
Nerds at Heart is a dating events service located in Chicago , Bay Area , Milwaukee and Minneapolis .
Hurricane Films is a film production company based in Liverpool , England .
Banaras Hindu University ( Hindi : काशी हिन्दू विश्वविद्यालय ( ( kaʃi hind̪u viʃvəvid̪yaləy ) ) ; commonly referred to as BHU ; formerly known as Central Hindu College ) is a public central university located in Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh .
Ferromex ( reporting mark FXE ) ( a contraction of Ferrocarril Mexicano or `` Mexican Railway '' ) is a private rail consortium that operates the largest ( by mileage ) railway in Mexico with combined mileage ( Ferromex + Ferrosur ) of 7000 miles ( 9816 km ) .
Cheswold Lane Asset Management is a mutual fund company founded in 2006 by Colleen Quinn Scharpf , Eric Scharpf and Matthew Taylor and headquartered in West Conshohocken , Pennsylvania , United States .
BayernLB or Bayerische Landesbank ( Bavarian State Bank ) is a publicly regulated bank based in Munich , Germany and one of the eight Landesbanken .
The Hotel Sacher is a five - star hotel located in the Innere Stadt first district of Vienna , Austria , vis - à - vis to the Vienna State Opera .
Before its acquisition by Synopsys , Coverity was an organization founded in the Computer Systems Laboratory at Stanford University in Palo Alto , California and with headquarters in San Francisco .
American Accrediting Association of Theological Institutions ( AAATI ) is a Christian nonprofit organisation that has been described as an accreditation mill , based in Rocky Mount , North Carolina .
Leader Dogs for the Blind is a guide dog training school located in Rochester Hills , Michigan .
The firm 's headquarters was in Rostock later known as Heinkel - Nord ( Heinkel - North ) , possessing a factory airfield in the northwestern , coastal Schmarl neighborhood of the city ( then known as `` Marienehe '' ) with an additional Heinkel - Süd facility in Schwechat , Austria , after the Anschluss in 1938 .
Automat Pictures is an entertainment production company based in Los Angeles , which specializes in EPK , Blu - ray and DVD formats , as well original television programming , web content and independent feature film production .
Equality Maryland ( EQMD ) is a non - profit organization formerly headquartered in Silver Spring , Maryland , now based in Baltimore .
Reciprocal Recording was the name of a recording studio in Seattle , Washington , USA , that was founded in 1984 and officially closed in July 1991 .
The Comprehensive Rural Health Project ( CRHP ) is a non profit , non - governmental organization located in Jamkhed , Ahmednagar District in the state of Maharashtra , India .
The Dubai International Financial Centre ( DIFC ) is a federal financial free zone situated in the Emirate of Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
R. William Funk & Associates , headquartered in Dallas , Texas , is an executive search firm , specializing in higher education .
Oregon Shipbuilding Corporation was a World War II emergency shipyard located in Portland , Oregon , United States , that built over 1000 Liberty and Victory ships between 1941 and 1945 .
ENOC ( the Emirates National Oil Company ) is the Dubai Government owned diversified energy group .
Priestman Brothers was an engineering company based in Kingston upon Hull , England that manufactured diggers , dredgers , cranes and other industrial machinery .
Amaya Inc. ( also known as Amaya Gaming and Amaya Gaming Group ) is a Canadian gaming and online gambling company traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange ( symbol TSX : AYA ) and headquartered in suburban Montreal , Quebec .
McEwan 's is a brand of beer that originated in Edinburgh , Scotland and is owned by the English brewer Wells & Youngs .
Chess Records was an American record company based in Chicago , Illinois , whose catalog is now owned by parent company Universal Music Group , with the catalogue managed by Geffen Records .
Shenergy Group Company Limited is a state - owned enterprise owned by Shanghai government in China .
Borealis AG is Europe 's second and world`s eighth largest producer of polyethylene ( PE ) and polypropylene ( PP ) and is headquartered in Vienna , Austria .
The Mount Emily Lumber Company operated in La Grande , Oregon from 1925 until 1956 .
Diar Automobile Company ( in Persian دیار خودرو ) is an automobile company based in Golpayegan , Iran .
Crytek USA was a video game developer based in Austin , Texas , owned by the German video game company Crytek .
ILD Teleservices is a division of ILD Corp. , a privately owned and US based outsourcing services company headquartered in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida .
Kwik Shop is a chain of convenience stores and gas stations headquartered in Hutchinson , Kansas and located through Kansas , Nebraska , and Iowa .
The Boeing Company 's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg .
Aramex ( Arabic : ارامكس ' ' arāmaks ) is an international express , mail delivery and logistics services company based in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
The Crossroads Group was a Dallas - based private equity fund of funds firm focusing on venture capital investments .
American Laser Games was a company based in Albuquerque , New Mexico that created numerous light gun laserdisc video games featuring live action full motion video .
Tele Antillas HIJB - Canal 2 is a television network operating out of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic .
Lululemon Athletica Inc. ( /ˌluwluwˈlɛmᵻn/ ) , styled as lululemon athletica , is a self - described yoga - inspired athletic apparel company , which produces a clothing line and runs international clothing stores from its company base in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Miller Music Publishing Co. was a Chicago - based music publishing company founded in 1906 by Webb Rockefeller Miller .
Odyssey Studios was a recording studio based near Marble Arch in London and opened in 1979 .
Tinsley Advertising , Inc. is a privately held national advertising , branding , marketing , digital media company headquartered in Miami , Florida .
WNAS ( 88.1 FM ) is the student - run high school radio station of New Albany High School and Floyd Central High School in southern Indiana , ( along with WNAS - TV ) .
WWWE ( `` Atlanta 's Sports and Entertainment '' ) is an Atlanta , Georgia , USA , area radio station ( licensed to Hapeville , Georgia ) that broadcasts Spanish language music and religious programming .
WSHV is a contemporary Christian radio station licensed to South Hill , Virginia , serving South Hill and Mecklenburg County , Virginia .
KBJK ( 100.3 FM ) is an American commercial radio station broadcasting Jack FM licensed to serve the community of Concow , California .
KQDY ( 94.5 FM ) , known as `` KQ 94.5 '' , is a radio station located in Bismarck , North Dakota , USA , owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
WGR , or WGR Sports Radio 550 , is an all sports radio station in Buffalo , New York that broadcasts on 550 AM .
RMF FM started broadcasting on 15 January 1990 in Kraków .
CBVE - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio One network at 104.7 FM in Quebec City .
WSPA - FM is an adult contemporary radio station licensed to Spartanburg , South Carolina and serving the Upstate region , including Greenville and Spartanburg .
WBBD is an all - Sports formatted broadcast radio station , licensed to Wheeling , West Virginia , serving Wheeling in West Virginia and St. Clairsville in Ohio .
KCHN ( 1050 AM ) is a Houston , Texas , area radio station , licensed to Brookshire , Texas serving mostly Asian listeners with broadcasts in a mix of Indian , Chinese , Mandarin , Vietnamese and Pakistani languages .
KPYK ( 1570 AM ) is an Adult Standards radio station licensed to and serving the area around Terrell , Texas .
WRVV ( 97.3 FM , `` The River 97.3 '' ) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
WEBZ is a commercial Urban radio station located in Mexico Beach , Florida ( Panama City metro ) .
KLPX is a classic rock radio station that serves Tucson , Arizona .
WXBW ( Big Buck Country 101.5 ) is an FM radio station located in Gallipolis , Ohio .
KSPD ( 790 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian talk and teaching format , licensed to Boise , Idaho , USA .
KOY ( 1230 AM ) in Phoenix is the oldest radio station in the state of Arizona .
KYBB `` B102.7 '' is a radio station in Sioux Falls , South Dakota ( licensed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to Canton , South Dakota ) airing a classic rock format .
WGPA ( 1100 AM ) is a Class D daytimer radio station in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , USA .
KBAC ( 98.1 FM , `` Radio Free Santa Fe '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Las Vegas , New Mexico , broadcasting to the Santa Fe , New Mexico , area .
CFVR - FM is a Canadian radio station serving Fort McMurray , Alberta , Canada , broadcasting at 103.7 FM with a hot adult contemporary format branded on - air as Mix 103.7 .
WRQY is a broadcast radio station licensed to Moundsville , West Virginia , serving Wheeling in West Virginia and St. Clairsville in Ohio .
WRJN ( 1400 AM ) is a MOR radio station located in Racine , Wisconsin , and serving the areas of Racine , Kenosha and Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
WRBC is the college radio station of Bates College , located in Lewiston , Maine and at 91.5 MHz on the FM dial .
WCBX is a Conservative Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bassett , Virginia , serving Martinsville and Henry County , Virginia .
WIXX ( 101.1 FM ) is a Top 40 ( CHR ) formatted radio station licensed to Green Bay , Wisconsin , that serves the Green Bay and Appleton - Oshkosh areas .
KRRZ ( 1390 AM , `` Classic Hits 1390 '' ) is a classic hits radio station in Minot , North Dakota , owned by Aloha Station Trust .
KXXJ is a classic hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Juneau , Alaska , serving Southeast Alaska .
WHPC is the radio station of Nassau Community College in Garden City , New York .
The Hyundai Clix was a concept car made by the Hyundai Motor Company in 2001 .
The Cap San Diego was built and launched by Deutsche Werft in 1961 for Hamburg Süd as the last of a series of six ships .
The TI-30 was a scientific calculator manufactured by Texas Instruments , the first model of which was introduced in 1976 .
The Boeing CIM-10 Bomarc ( IM-99 Weapon System prior to September 1962 ) was a supersonic long - range surface - to - air missile ( SAM ) used during the Cold War for the air defense of North America .
The SsangYong Rexton is a mid - size SUV manufactured by the SsangYong Motor Company in since late 2001 .
VTEC ( Variable Valve Timing and Lift Electronic Control ) is a system developed by Honda to improve the volumetric efficiency of a four - stroke internal combustion engine ( i.e. improved economy ) .
The Commodore 64 , also known as the C64 , C-64 , C= 64 , or occasionally CBM 64 or VIC-64 , is an 8-bit home computer introduced in January 1982 by Commodore International .
The Renault VBC-90 ( Véhicule Blindé de Combat , or `` Armoured Combat Vehicle '' ) is a six - wheeled French armoured car carrying a 90 mm gun mated to a sophisticated fire control computer and ranging system .
The Volvo B9L ( also known as the Volvo 7500 , Volvo 7700 or Volvo 7900 for integral models ) was a low - floor single - deck bus chassis constructed by Volvo Buses between 2005 and 2013 , replacing the Volvo B7L and Volvo B10L.
The Lancia Gamma ( Tipo 830 ) is an executive car from Italian Fiat Auto 's up - scale Lancia marque .
SS Orbita was an ocean liner built in 1913 - 14 by Harland & Wolff in Belfast for the Pacific Steam Navigation Company .
HMS Palomares was originally MV Palomares , built by William Doxford & Sons , Sunderland yard in 1937 and sailed as a merchant fruit carrier ship ( 13.5 knot banana boat ) for service on the MacAndrews Line in January 1938 with their Spanish service .
The Automitrailleuse de Reconnaissance Renault Modèle 35 Type ZT ( AMR 35 or Renault ZT ) was a French light tank developed during the Interbellum and used in the Second World War .
Sun Drop , also marketed as Sundrop , is a citrus - flavored soda produced by Dr Pepper Snapple Group .
The Selkirk locomotives were 36 steam locomotives of the 2 - 10 - 4 wheel arrangement built for Canadian Pacific Railway by Montreal Locomotive Works , Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Pilatus PC-21 is a single - turboprop , low wing swept monoplane advanced trainer with a stepped tandem cockpit manufactured by Pilatus Aircraft of Switzerland .
The Ader Éole , also called Avion , was an early steam - powered aircraft developed by Clément Ader in the 1890s and named after the Greco - Roman wind god Aeolos .
The Commonwealth Railways L class was a class of 2 - 8 - 2 freight locomotives built in 1951/52 by Clyde Engineering , Granville , for the Commonwealth Railways , Australia .
The MacBook Air is a line of Macintosh ultraportable notebook computers from Apple Inc. The Air was designed to balance both performance and portability , consisting of a full - sized keyboard design , a machined casing made of aluminum , and a very light and thin structure .
Texas Star Flyer is a Funtime Star Flyer operating at Galveston Island Historic Pleasure Pier .
The AN / APG-76 radar is a pulse doppler Ku band multi - mode radar ; manufactured by Northrop Grumman ( Norden Systems ) , and it is a member of a radar family produced by Norden based on the similar design principles and evolution .
The Lancia Thema ( Type 834 ) is an executive car produced by the Italian automaker Lancia between 1984 and 1994 , and one of four cars to share the Type Four platform alongside the Alfa Romeo 164 , Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 .
The Tata Nano is a city car manufactured by Tata Motors .
The Orlan space suit ( Russian : Орлан meaning sea eagle ) is a series of semi - rigid one - piece space suit models designed and built by NPP Zvezda .
The FinePix IS Pro is a digital single lens reflex camera introduced by Fujifilm in 2007 .
Uffe Elbæk ( born June 15 , 1954 at Ry Højskole ) is a Danish social worker , author , entrepreneur , politician and political leader of a political party , The Alternative .
K. Jana Krishnamurthi ( 24 May 1928 -- 25 September 2007 ) was an Indian political leader who rose to be the President of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) in 2001 .
Hans Jørgen Darre - Jenssen ( 22 June 1864 -- 26 June 1950 ) was a Norwegian engineer and politician for the Liberal Left Party .
Ian Blackford ( born 14 May 1961 ) is a Scottish National Party ( SNP ) politician .
Nayyar Hussain Bukhari ( Urdu : سید نیئر حسین بخاری ) , is the senior senator from Islamabad and senior leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) .
Frank Ogbuewu who until August 2010 was a member of the ruling People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) sought his former party 's gubernatorial ticket in 2007 against the current governor of Ebonyi State , Chief Martin Elechi but lost .
Fritz Emil Irrgang ( born May 10 , 1890 in Linderode - died December 16 , 1951 in Northeim ) was a German politician and member of the Nazi Party and the Sturmabteilung ( SA ) .
Dan Zwonitzer ( born October 30 , 1979 ) is a Republican Party member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from District 43 , which comprises south - central Laramie County and includes southeastern portion of the capital city of Cheyenne , Wyoming .
Zhu Houze ( Chinese : 朱厚泽 ; January 1931 -- 9 May 2010 ) was a Chinese politician most active in the 1980s , best known for his term as head of the Propaganda Department of the Communist Party of China .
Wenche Olsen ( born 30 November 1965 , in Halden ) is a Norwegian politician and member of the Storting who represents the Norwegian Labour Party .
The Honourable Claude George Drummond Hay ( 24 June 1862 -- 24 October 1920 ) was a British businessman and Conservative Party politician .
Christian Holtermann Knudsen ( 15 July 1845 -- 21 April 1929 ) was a Norwegian typographer , newspaper editor , publisher , trade unionist and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party .
Johan A. Vikan ( 20 April 1912 , Stjørdal -- 16 July 1997 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party .
Edle Daasvand ( born December 23 , 1969 in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian who was Party Secretary of the Socialist Left Party from 2005 - 2009 .
Christine Humphreys , Baroness Humphreys is the President of the Welsh Liberal Democrats and was Member of the Welsh Assembly for the North Wales regional constituency from 1999 to 2001 .
Hal Jacobson is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives , representing District 82 since 2000 .
Rowland Winn , 2nd Baron St Oswald ( 1857 - -1919 ) was a Conservative Party politician in England .
Per Sonerud ( 15 August 1915 -- 28 March 1993 ) was a Norwegian banker , sports official and politician for the Conservative Party .
Miguel Ángel Navarro Quintero ( born 11 January 1951 ) is a Mexican physician and politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( formerly to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ) .
Gwilym Rowlands ( 2 December 1878 -- 16 January 1949 ) was a Welsh Conservative Party politician .
Miquel Iceta Llorens ( born 17 August 1960 ) is a Spanish politician and member of the Socialists ' Party of Catalonia , currently First Secretary of the PSC since 2014 .
Mustafa Akaydın ( born 24 April 1952 in Çorum ) is a Turkish politician of the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) , who served as the mayor of Antalya , Turkey .
Bakyt Beshimov ( Russian : Бактыбек Жолчубекович Бешимов ; born 1954 ) is a leader of parliamentary fraction and deputy chairman of Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan .
Joseph W. Oxley ( born June 1958 ) is an American Republican Party politician who served as sheriff of Monmouth County , New Jersey from 1996 to 2007 , and chaired the Monmouth County Republican Committee from June 2008 to June 2012 .
Fred Falley ( 1859 - -1907 ) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the 3rd Secretary of State of North Dakota from 1897 to 1900 .
Stuart Farrow is a South African politician , the former Shadow Minister of Transport , and a Member of Parliament for the opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) .
Henry Page Croft , 1st Baron Croft , CMG , TD ( 22 June 1881 -- 7 December 1947 ) was a decorated British soldier and Conservative Party politician .
Rossana López León ( born March 6 , 1969 ) is a Puerto Rican politician and public servant from the Popular Democratic Party ( PPD ) .
Ernest Kinghorn ( 1 November 1907 -- 15 January 2001 ) was a British Labour Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1945 to 1951 .
Fredmund Sandvik ( born 6 August 1951 ) is a Norwegian farmers ' leader and politician for the Centre Party .
Paul Brannen is a British Member of the European Parliament for the North East England region for the Labour Party .
Shunsuke Mutai ( 務台 俊介 , born 1956 ) is a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party , a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet ( national legislature ) , having been elected in the 2012 general election .
Charilaos Florakis ( also Harilaos Florakis ; Greek : Χαρίλαος Φλωράκης ; 20 July 1914 -- 22 May 2005 ) was a leader of the Communist Party of Greece ( KKE ) .
Joseph Hiley ( 18 August 1902 -- 17 November 1989 ) was a British Conservative Party politician , and a member of the Conservative Monday Club .
Sir Thomas Anthony Cunningham ( born 16 September 1952 ) , known as Tony Cunningham , is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Workington from 2001 to 2015 .
Dean Constable ( born January 11 , 1980 in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island ) was the leader of the New Democratic Party of Prince Edward Island from 2006 to 2007 .
Aliyen Habib Kentaui ( born 1954 , in Smara , Western Sahara ) is the Polisario Front representative for Sweden .
Dr. Chhatrapal Singh Lodha is an Indian politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party elected to Rajya Sabha from Orissa . He is originally from Uttar Pradesh state . He is a former union minister of state of India .
Xavier Trias i Vidal de Llobatera ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʃəβiˈe ˈtɾi.əs ) ) ( Barcelona , 1946 ) is a Spanish politician , member of Democratic Convergence of Catalonia and Mayor of Barcelona from July 2011 to June 2015 .
Ted Vick ( born November 14 , 1972 ) is an American politician and a member of the Democratic Party .
Pedro Joaquín Coldwell ( born August 5 , 1950 in Cozumel , Quintana Roo ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Dubravka Šuica ( born 20 May 1957 ) is a Croatian politician , member of the centre - right Croatian Democratic Union ( HDZ ) and member of parliament .
Mims Hackett ( born September 28 , 1941 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2002 - -2007 , where he represented 27th Legislative District , which covers the western portion of Essex County .
Georg Barfuß ( June 10 , 1944 - ) is a German politician , representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Nkechi Justina Nwaogu ( born 29 May 1956 ) is a Nigerian senator who represents the People 's Democratic Party in Abia State .
Ernst Torgler ( 25 April 1893 -- 19 January 1963 ) was the last chairman of the Communist Party of Germany faction in the German Reichstag .
Ernest Popplewell , Baron Popplewell , CBE ( 10 December 1899 -- 11 August 1977 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Frank Ertel Carlyle ( April 7 , 1897 -- October 2 , 1960 ) was a United States Representative of the Democratic Party from the state of North Carolina .
Aris Spiliotopoulos ( Greek : Άρης Σπηλιωτόπουλος ) ( born 28 October 1966 ) is a Greek politician of the New Democracy party .
Prior to her first cabinet appointment , Louka Katseli had been the spokesperson for Economics for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) .
Waytha Moorthy Ponnusamy sometimes spelt Waythamoorthy ( born 16 July 1966 ) is a Malaysian lawyer of Tamil origin who is currently an activist of the HINDRAF campaign to fight discrimination against Malaysian Hindus .
Vasilica Viorica Dăncilă ( born 16 December 1963 ) is a Romanian politician , who , since the 2009 election has been a Member of the European Parliament for Romania , representing the Social Democratic Party .
Stephen A. Mikulak is an American Republican Party politician who served two terms in the New Jersey General Assembly , from 1992 to 1996 , where he represented the 19th Legislative District , which covers portions of Middlesex County .
Bockarie Stevens is a prominet member of the All People 's Congress ( APC ) political party .
Mohamed Najib Boulif , commonly known as Najib Boulif ( born 1964 in Tangier , Morocco ) is a Moroccan politician from the Justice and Development Party .
Samrath Lal Meena is the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) politician in Rajasthan , India , and former Speaker of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from 24 July 1998 to 4 January 1999 .
Paul Crête ( born April 8 , 1953 in Hérouxville , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician , who served as a Member of Parliament for the Bloc Québécois in the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 until 2009 , when he announced that he was moving to provincial politics .
Miroslavs Mitrofanovs or Miroslav Mitrofanov , ( Russian : Мирослав Борисович Митрофанов ) , ( born December 18 , 1966 in Daugavpils , Latvia ) , is a Latvian journalist and politician , Member of the 7th and 9th Saeima for For Human Rights in United Latvia .
Soledad Sosa ( born c. 1986 ) is a member of the Workers ' Party and a deputy in Mendoza Province in Argentina .
Kim Gangte ( born 30 October 1962 ) is a politician , educator and human rights activist , who was a Member of Parliament elected from the Outer Manipur Lok Sabha constituency in India in 1998 , as a Communist Party of India candidate .
Chiang Chung - ling ( simplified Chinese : 蒋仲苓 ; traditional Chinese : 蔣仲苓 ; pinyin : Jiǎng Zhònglíng , September 21 , 1922 -- March 18 , 2015 ) was a Taiwanese army general , former Minister of Defense and Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang ( Chinese Nationalist Party ) .
Ir . Arie van den Brand ( born 22 February 1951 in Oostvoorne ) is a Dutch GreenLeft politician .
Rana Goswami is an Indian National Congress politician from Assam .
Margarita Arellanes Cervantes is a Mexican politician born in Monterrey affiliated to the National Action Party .
Ho Hsin - chun ( traditional Chinese : 何欣純 ; simplified Chinese : 何欣纯 ; pinyin : Hé Xīnchún ; Wade -- Giles : Ho Hsin - ch'un ) is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party who is a member of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan .
Indalecio Prieto Tuero ( 30 April 1883 -- 11 February 1962 ) was a Spanish politician , a minister and one of the leading figures of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) in the years before and during the Second Spanish Republic .
Stein Ørnhøi ( born 15 November 1935 in Trondheim ) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party , he was the last party leader of the Socialist People 's Party of Norway .
Clair Engle ( September 21 , 1911 -- July 30 , 1964 ) was an American politician of the Democratic Party and a United States Senator from California .
Anton Cottier ( born 4 December 1943 in Jaun , Switzerland ) was a Swiss politician with the Christian Democratic People 's Party of Switzerland ( CVP ) .
Fraser Kemp ( born 1 September 1958 ) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Houghton and Washington East from 1997 to 2010 , and had previously been a full - time employee of the Labour Party .
Francisco González de la Vega e Iriarte ( Durango , December 3 , 1901 - Mexico City , March 3 , 1976 ) , Mexican jurist , he was Attorney General of the Republic ( 1946 to 1952 ) , Governor of Durango ( 1956 - -1962 ) by Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Pina Picierno ( born 10 May 1981 at Santa Maria Capua Vetere ) is an Italian politician and member of the Democratic Party ( Italy ) who , since 2014 , serves as a Member of the European Parliament .
William Beckett - Denison ( 10 September 1826 -- 23 November 1890 ) was an English banker and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1876 and 1890 .
Louise Bours ( full name Louise van der Bours ; born 23 December 1968 ) is a Member of the European Parliament politician for the North West England region for the UK Independence Party .
Anand Paranjpe was born on 16 May 1973 to Mother Supriya Paranjpe and Father Paranjape Prakash Vishvanath , who was also a member of the Shiv Sena party and served as a member of the Lok Sabha from 1996 until his death in 2008 due to cancer .
Rita Verma ( born 15 July 1953 , Patna ) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Bob Aylward ( February 1911 -- 18 July 1974 ) was a Fianna Fáil politician from County Kilkenny in Ireland .
Guido De Padt ( born 23 May 1954 ) is a Belgian politician and Senator for the Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats .
Erich Ollenhauer ( 27 March 1901 -- 14 December 1963 ) was the leader of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) 1952 - -1963 .
Jan Ertsborn , born 1944 , is a Swedish Liberal People 's Party politician .
Dr. Ramlakhan Singh ( born 20 December 1950 ) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) political party .
Rita Borsellino ( born 2 June 1945 in Palermo ) is a Sicilian anti - Mafia activist , politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Democratic Party .
Bjørgulv Froyn ( born 23 September 1945 ) is a Norwegian trade unionist and politician for the Socialist Left Party and the Norwegian Labour Party .
Mathilde Berghofer - Weichner ( January 23 , 1931 in Munich - May 29 , 2008 ) was a German politician , representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Elżbieta Więcławska - Sauk ( born November 14 , 1947 ) is a Polish politician , member of Law and Justice party .
Joseph M. Margiotta ( June 6 , 1927 -- November 28 , 2008 ) was an American political boss who ran the Nassau County , New York Republican Party , considered `` one of the most powerful political organizations in New York State'',until his 1983 convictions on federal charges .
Jakob Axel Nielsen ( born 12 April 1967 in Hadsund ) is a Danish lawyer and politician representing the Conservative People 's Party .
Hynek Fajmon ( born 17 May 1968 in Nymburk ) is a Czech politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Civic Democratic Party , part of the European Democrats and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Budgets .
Sir James Heath , 1st Baronet ( 26 January 1852 -- 24 December 1942 ) was a businessman and Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Sir Joseph Gurney Braithwaite , 1st Baronet ( 24 May 1895 -- 25 June 1958 ) was an English Conservative Party politician .
The Pfinz is a right tributary of the Rhine in Baden - Württemberg .
The Hocking River is a tributary of the Ohio River in southeastern Ohio in the United States .
Salem Creek ( also known as Stone Church Hollow Creek , Seyberts Creek , or Varners Creek ) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Blaxland Creek rises in the western suburbs of Sydney , about 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) east south - east of Mulgoa and flows generally north by east , and then north - east by east before reaching its confluence with South Creek , in the suburb of Orchard Hills .
The Riss ( Ger : Riß ) is a small river in Baden - Württemberg , south - western Germany , right tributary of the Danube .
Wolli Creek , an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment , is located in the southern suburbs of Sydney , in New South Wales , Australia .
The Albany River is a river in Northern Ontario , Canada , which flows northeast from Lake St. Joseph in Northwestern Ontario and empties into James Bay .
The Cowlitz River is a river in the state of Washington in the United States , a tributary of the Columbia River .
Cabramatta Creek , an urban watercourse of the Georges River catchment , is located in the south - western region of Sydney , in New South Wales , Australia .
The Noxubee River ( NAHKS - uh - bee ) is a tributary of the Tombigbee River , about 90.6 miles ( 145.8 km ) long , in east - central Mississippi and west - central Alabama in the United States .
The Barima River is a tributary of the Orinoco River , entering 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) from the Atlantic Ocean .
Iron Cove Creek ( also known as Dobroyd Stormwater Channel ) , a southern tributary of the Parramatta River , is an urban stream west of Sydney Harbour , located in the inner - western Sydney suburbs of Croydon , Ashfield , Haberfield and Five Dock in New South Wales , Australia .
The Feller Bach is a right tributary of the Moselle River in Rhineland - Palatinate ( Germany ) .
Dniester Estuary , or Dniester Liman ( Ukrainian : Дністровський лиман , Romanian : limanul Nistrului ) is a liman , formed at the point where the river Dniester flows into the Black Sea .
The Naab ( Czech : Nába ) is a river in Bavaria , Germany , and is a left tributary of the Danube .
Koyva River ( Russian : Койва ) is a river in Perm Krai in Russia , a right tributary of the Chusovaya River ( Kama 's basin ) .
The Oloy River ( Russian : Олой ) is a river in Magadan Oblast in Russia , a right tributary of the Omolon River ( Kolyma 's basin ) .
The Kanangra Creek ( officially designated as a river ) rises near Mount Wallarra , below the Boyd Plateau on the western slopes of Mount Thurat , and flows generally south - east and north - east through Kanangra Gorge , joined by one minor tributary , before reaching its confluence with the Coxs River at Konangaroo Clearing .
The Arbia is a torrent in Tuscany , central Italy , an affluence of the Ombrone river .
The Subansiri River is a tributary of the Brahmaputra River in the Indian states of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh , and the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Yowrie River rises on the eastern slopes of the Badja Range within Wadbilliga National Park , southwest of Cobargo and flows generally northeast , north , northeast , and then north northwest , joined by one minor tributary before reaching its confluence with the Wadbilliga River below Belowra Mountain .
The Dolores River is a tributary of the Colorado River , approximately 241 miles ( 388 km ) long , in the U.S. states of Colorado and Utah .
After passing the gorges , the Ebro bends again eastwards near Tortosa before discharging in a delta on the Mediterranean Sea close to Amposta in the province of Tarragona .
Newark Bay is connected to Upper New York Bay by the Kill Van Kull and to Raritan Bay by the Arthur Kill .
The Lukuga River is a tributary of the Lualaba River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) that drains Lake Tanganyika .
Maria Barnas ( born 28 August 1973 , Hoorn ) is a Dutch writer , poet and artist .
Cho Hae - il ( born 1941 as Cho Hae - ryong ) is a South Korean writer .
Dorothée Jemma ( born June 16 , 1956 ) is a French voice actress specializing in dubbing .
Pierre - André Périssol , born April 30 , 1947 in Nice , Alpes - Maritimes , is a French politician , former Minister of Housing , and former Deputy in the National Assembly of France .
Stanislas Charles Henri Dupuy de Lôme ( 15 October 1816 -- 1 February 1885 ) was a French naval architect .
Charles Louis Dieudonné Grandjean ( 29 December 1768 - -15 September 1828 ) became a French division commander and saw extensive service during the Napoleonic Wars .
Charlotte Valandrey ( born November 29 , 1968 in Paris , France ) is a French actress .
Jean - Baptiste Mailhe ( 2 June 1750 , Guizerix - 1 June 1834 , Paris ) was a politician during the French Revolution .
Jackie Berroyer ( born 24 May 1946 ) is a French actor , comedian and writer .
Miss Ming ( born Candy Ming ; 3 November 1990 ) , also known as Candy Rainbow , is a French actress , writer and singer .
François - Éric Gendron ( March 15 , 1954 in Fontainebleau , Seine - et - Marne ) is a French actor .
Jean - Paul Lilienfeld ( born July 17 , 1962 ) is a French actor , writer and director .
Thibault Vinçon ( born 15 July 1976 ) is a French film and theater actor .
Hippolyte Langlois ( 3 August 1839 -- 12 February 1912 ) was a French general noted for his writings on military science .
Jean - Antoine Roucher ( February 22 , 1745 - July 25 , 1794 ) , was a French poet .
Jean - Michel Rouzière ( ? -13 February 1989 ) was a French comic actor and theatre head .
Christian Giudicelli ( born 1942 , in Nimes ) is a French novelist , literary critic .
Garance Le Guillermic ( born September 11 , 1997 ) is a French child actress .
Élisabeth Hubert ( born 26 May 1956 ) is a French doctor , politician and businesswoman .
Louis Calaferte(French pronunciation : ( lwi kalafɛrt ) ; 14 July 1928 - 2 May 1994 ) was a French novelist .
Renée Saint - Cyr ( French : ( sɛ̃siʁ ) ; 16 November 1904 -- 11 July 2004 ) was a French actress .
François Taillandier ( born in 1955 , Clermont - Ferrand , France ) is a French writer portraying the French contemporary society .
Philippe Forest ( born 1962 ) is a French author and professor of literature .
Ludwig Thiersch ( April 12 , 1825 -- May 10 , 1909 ) was a German painter , primarily of mythological and religious subjects and especially of ecclesiastical art , also influential in Greece .
Véronique Vendell ( born Véronique Duraffourd , 21 July 1942 ) is a French actress .
Jacob Israël de Haan ( 31 December 1881 -- 30 June 1924 ) was a Dutch Jewish literary writer and journalist who was assassinated in Jerusalem by the Jewish paramilitary organization Haganah for his anti - Zionist political activities and contacts with Arab leaders .
Catherine Deneuve ( French : ( katʁin dənœv ) ; born 22 October 1943 ) is a French actress who gained recognition for her portrayal of aloof , mysterious beauties for various directors , including Luis Buñuel and Roman Polanski .
Pascal Elso is a French actor , comedian and director .
Julie - Victoire Daubié ( 26 March 1824 in Bains - les - Bains -- 26 August 1874 in Fontenoy - le - Château ) was a French journalist .
Georges Bernanos ( French : ( ʒɔʁʒ bɛʁnanɔs ) ; 20 February 1888 -- 5 July 1948 ) was a French author , and a soldier in World War I. Of Roman Catholic and monarchist leanings , he was critical of bourgeois thought and was opposed to what he identified as defeatism .
Gabriel Louis Angoulvant ( 1872 - -1932 ) was a Governor General in the second French colonial empire .
Hélène Bizot , is a French actress , stage actress and voice actress .
Claude Roger - Marx ( 12 November 1888 , Paris -- 17 May 1977 , Paris ) , was a French writer , and playwright , as well as an art critic and art historian like his father Roger Marx ( 1859 - -1913 ) .
Claude Carliez ( January 10 , 1925 -- May 17 , 2015 ) was a French master at arms in classical fencing who became a period and fencing advisor to French films .
Paulus Adrianus Daum ( 3 August 1850 -- 14 September 1898 ) , more commonly known as P. A. Daum , was a Dutch author of Dutch East Indies literature of the nineteenth century .
Jacques Cottin was a French costume designer whose films included Jour de fête ( 1949 ) , Mon oncle ( 1958 ) , and Playtime ( 1967 ) , for Jacques Tati .
Karl Boès ( 1866 - -1914 ) was a French magazine editor , notable as the second editor of La Plume .
Marie - Hélène Aubert ( born 16 November 1955 in Nantes ) is a French politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the West of France .
Pierre Souvestre ( 1 June 1874 -- 26 February 1914 ) was a French lawyer , journalist , writer and organizer of motor races .
Maxime Godart ( born October 2 , 1999 in Compiègne , France ) is a French actor .
Angelika Brunkhorst ( née Huber ; born 9 October 1955 in Hanover ) is a German politician and member of the FDP .
Marie - Angélique Servandoni ( 22 September 1749 , Toulouse - 14 April 1822 , Paris ) , stage name Angélique D'Hannetaire , was a French actress and opera singer .
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing ( German : ( ˈlɛsɪŋ ) ; 22 January 1729 -- 15 February 1781 ) was a German writer , philosopher , dramatist , publicist and art critic , and one of the most outstanding representatives of the Enlightenment era .
Sofia Boutella ( born April 3 , 1982 ) is an Algerian - French dancer , actress and musician , known mainly for hip - hop and street dance , and from the Nike Women advertising campaigns .
Comte Antoine - François Andréossy ( 6 March 1761 -- 10 September 1828 ) was a Franco - Italian nobleman , who served as a French Army artillery general , diplomat and parliamentarian .
Jean - Marc Roberts ( born 3 May 1954 - Paris and died 25 March 2013 ) was a French editor , novelist , and screenwriter .
Thierry Lhermitte ( French pronunciation : ​(tjɛʁi lɛʁˈmit ) ; born 24 November 1952 ) is a French actor , director , writer and producer , best known for his comedic roles .
August von Krempelhuber ( 14 September 1813 -- 2 October 1882 ) was a German lichenologist born in Munich .
Samuel Petit ( Latin : Petitus ) ( 1594 -- 1653 ) was a French Huguenot pastor , known as a classical scholar and orientalist .
Louise Grinberg , born in 1993 in Paris , is a French actress .
Jean - Pierre - André Amar or Jean - Baptiste - André Amar ( May 11 , 1755 -- December 21 , 1816 ) was a French political figure of the Revolution and Freemason .
Kakarla Subba Rao FRCR , FACR , FICP , FSASMA , FCCP , FICR , FCGP , ( Telugu : కాకర్ల సుబ్బారావు ) is a bone radiologist and former Director of Nizam 's Institute of Medical Sciences in Hyderabad .
Nicolas Marie Quinette , Baron de Rochemont ( September 16 , 1762 , Paris -- June 14 , 1821 , Brussels ) was a French politician .
Emmanuel Curtil ( born 7 February 1971 ) is a French actor known primarily for his voice work , having dubbed the voice of Matthew Perry ( Chandler ) for the first eight seasons of the American sitcom Friends .
Louise Dimanche ( before 1715 - floruit 1739 ) , was a French actress , opera singer , ballet dancer and theatre director .
Théodore Duret ( 20 January 1838 , Saintes -- 16 January 1927 , Paris ) was a French journalist , author and art critic .
Gilbert Cesbron ( 13 January 1913 , in Paris -- 13 August 1979 , in Paris ) was a French novelist .
René Hervil ( 1881 - -1960 ) was a French actor , screenwriter and film director .
Daniel Ouezzin Coulibaly ( 1 July 1909 -- 7 September 1958 ) was the president of the governing council of the French colony of Upper Volta , today 's Burkina Faso , from 17 May 1957 until his death on 7 September 1958 in Paris .
Henri François Xavier Gresley ( 9 February 1819 , Wassy -- 2 May 1890 , Paris ) was a French Minister of War .
Jean - Dominique Bauby ( French : ( ʒɑ̃ dɔminik bobi ) ; 23 April 1952 -- 9 March 1997 ) was a well - known French actor , author and editor of the French fashion magazine ELLE .
Angelo Rinaldi ( born 17 June 1940 in Bastia , Haute - Corse ) is a French writer and literary critic .
Guy Hocquenghem ( 10 December 1946 -- 28 August 1988 ) was a French writer , philosopher , and queer theorist .
Louis - Benoît Picard ( 29 July 1769 , Paris -- 31 December 1828 , Paris ) was a French playwright actor , novelist , poet and music director .
Claudine Monteil ( born 1949 ) is a French writer , women 's rights specialist , historian and a former French diplomat .
Philippe Delorme ( born January 22 , 1960 , in Pantin , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French historian and journalist , whose articles have appeared in Point de Vue and Point de Vue Histoire , among others .
Olivier Séchan ( January 14 , 1911 -- July 7 , 2006 ) was an award winning French writer .
Roger Borniche ( born 7 June 1919 in Vineuil - Saint - Firmin , Oise ) was a French detective of the Sûreté nationale and author of a number of works .
Fang Shimin ( Chinese : 方是民 ) , better known by his pen name Fang Zhouzi ( Chinese : 方舟子 ; pinyin : Fāng Zhōuzǐ ) , is a Chinese popular scientific writer who is also well known for his campaign against pseudoscience and fraud in China .
Jean - Jacques Barthélemy ( 20 January 1716 -- 30 April 1795 ) was a French writer and numismatist .
Solveig Dommartin ( 16 May 1961 -- 11 January 2007 ) was a French - German actress .
Heinz Hermann Polzer ( German pronunciation : ( haɪnts ˈhɛrman ˈpɔltsər ) ; 24 August 1919 -- 13 June 2015 ) , better known under his pseudonym Drs . P ( Dutch pronunciation : ( dɔktoːˈrɑndʏs peː ) ) , was a Swiss singer - songwriter , poet , and prose writer in the Dutch language .
Léon Dierx ( March 31 , 1838 -- June 11 , 1912 ) was a French poet born in Saint - Denis in 1838 .
Marcel Déat ( 7 March 1894 -- 5 January 1955 ) was a French socialist politician until 1933 , when he initiated a spin - off from the French Section of the Workers ' International ( SFIO ) along with other right - wing ' Neosocialists ' .
Leendert Hasenbosch , ( c.1695 - -probably end of 1725 ) was a Dutch employee of the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) who was set ashore as a castaway on uninhabited Ascension Island in the South Atlantic Ocean , as a punishment for sodomy .
Vonne van der Meer ( born December 15 , 1952 in Eindhoven ) is a Dutch prose writer and playwright .
Kim Hyesoon ( born 1955 ) ( Hangul : 김혜순 ) is a South Korean poet .
Alexandre Guillaume Mouslier de Moissy , was a French writer and dramaturge .
Noomi Rapace ( /ˈnoʊmi rəˈpɑːs/ NOH - mee rə - PAHSS ; née Norén ; born 28 December 1979 ) is a Swedish actress .
Jean Despeaux ( October 22 , 1915 -- May 25 , 1989 ) was a French boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Jean - Pierre Brard , ( born 7 February 1948 in Flers , Orne ) , is a French politician .
Anne Marie - Louise Damiens , stage name Anna Judic ( 18 July 1849 , Semur - en - Auxois -- 15 April 1911 , Golfe - Juan ) was a French comic actress .
Antoine Joseph Barruel - Beauvert ( 1756 - -1817 ) was a French military officer and journalist .
Diane Fleri ( born 13 July 1983 ) , is a French - born Italian actress .
Theo van Doesburg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈteːjoː vɑn ˈdusbʏrx ) , 30 August 1883 -- 7 March 1931 ) was a Dutch artist , who practised painting , writing , poetry and architecture .
Pierre Guyotat ( born 9 January 1940 ) is a French writer .
Jean - Paul Besset ( born 1946 in Chamalières , Puy - de - Dôme ) is a French politician and environmentalist .
László Andor ( born 3 June 1966 in Zalaegerszeg ) is a Hungarian economist .
Gérard de Nerval ( French : ( ʒeʁaʁ də nɛʁval ) ; 22 May 1808 -- 26 January 1855 ) was the nom - de - plume of the French writer , poet , essayist and translator Gérard Labrunie .
Britta Altenkamp ( born 16 September 1964 ) is a German politician from the Social Democratic Party of Germany .
Alfred Savoir ( 23 January 1883 - 26 June 1934 ) was a French Jewish comedy playwright of Polish Jewish origin .
Bernhard Schätzle ( born 24 July 1954 in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) is a German politician , representative of the German Christian Democratic Union and member of the Baden - Württemberg state parliament since 2006 .
Étienne Aignan ( 9 April 1773 -- 21 June 1824 ) was a French translator , political writer , librettist and playwright born in Beaugency , Loiret .
Gerrit Kouwenaar ( 9 August 1923 -- 4 September 2014 ) was a Dutch journalist , translator , poet and prose writer .
François Hemsterhuis ( 27 December 1721 -- 7 July 1790 ) was a Dutch writer on aesthetics and moral philosophy .
Philippe Adrien ( born 1939 in Savignies ) is a French stage director , actor , author and screenwriter .
Auguste Nélaton ( 17 June 1807 -- 21 September 1873 ) was a French physician and surgeon .
Dieter Spöri ( born 15 May 1943 in Stuttgart ) is a German politician affiliated with the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
Bogdan Istru , pseudonym of Ivan Bodarev ( 13 April ( O.S. 31 March ) 1914 -- 1993 ) was a Moldovan poet .
Ronald McDonald is a clown character used as the primary mascot of the McDonald 's fast - food restaurant chain .
Virginia Lacy Jones ( June 25 , 1912 -- December 3 , 1984 ) was an African - American librarian who throughout her 50-year career in the field pushed for the integration of public and academic libraries .
Francisco Adolfo de Varnhagen , Viscount of Porto Seguro ( February 17 , 1816 -- June 26 , 1878 ) , was a Brazilian military , diplomat and historian .
Barry Hinson ( born May 12 , 1961 in Marlow , Oklahoma ) , is an American college basketball coach and the current head coach of the Southern Illinois Salukis men 's basketball team .
Gideon Freudmann , described as a `` cross - genre cellist '' , coined the term cellobop to describe his music .
Alejo Carpentier y Valmont ( December 26 , 1904 -- April 24 , 1980 ) was a Cuban novelist , essayist , and musicologist who greatly influenced Latin American literature during its famous `` boom '' period .
Rade Vrčakovski ( Macedonian : Раде Врчаковски ( ˈraːdɛ vr̩ˈt͡ʃakɔfski ) ; born November 17 , 1980 in Strumica ) better known by his stage name Vrčak ( Врчак ) is a Macedonian pop - rap performer , songwriter and physician .
Hubbel Palmer is an American actor and screen writer best known for his roles as Carl in the film Moving McAllister ( 2007 ) and as Tracy Orbison in the independent film American Fork ( aka `` Humble Pie '' ) ( 2007 ) which he wrote .
Ramanbhai Nilkanth was a renowned short story writer and his wife --
Nurettin Yardımcı ( March 5 , 1944 in Şanlıurfa ) is a Turkish archaeologist and high - ranked bureaucrat who has served in the Ministry of Culture of Turkey and under the Prime Minister of Turkey .
Conrad von Molo ( 1906 - -1997 ) was an Austrian film producer and editor .
Johnny Whitney ( born June 28 , 1981 ) is a singer , author and multi - instrumentalist from Seattle .
Willard Underhill Taylor ( 1868 - -1940 ) was a lawyer , New York City real estate investor , and nephew of Myron Charles Taylor .
Cavan Huang is a graphic designer , creative director , and design educator .
George Ridpath ( died 1726 ) was a Scottish journalist , who wrote in the Whig interest .
Gérard Pelletier , PC , CC ( June 21 , 1919 -- June 22 , 1997 ) was a Canadian journalist and politician .
Sanjiv Bhattacharya is a British journalist , based in the USA .
Gisela Gamper ( born in Germany ) is an experimental photographer and videographer .
Les Landau is a television director , film director and film producer .
Michael A. Harrison is a computer scientist , in particular a pioneer in the area of formal languages .
Ivan Monighetti ( born 1948 ) is a Russian cellist and conductor of Swiss descent .
Roman Balleza ( born March 18 , 1984 ) , better known as Roman X , is a Los Angeles -- based songwriter , producer , musician , and DJ . He and Dan Vikta make up the record production duo Rockystronic , producing pop , hip hop , rock and electronic music .
Professor G. Ram Reddy ( December 4 , 1929 -- July 2 , 1995 ) is renowned architect of Distance Education and the father of open learning in India .
Reuben Greene ( born November 24 , 1938 ) is an American film , theater and television actor .
Alex Paez ( born July 25 , 1963 ) is an award - winning American actor , musician and restaurateur .
Sandra Kerr ( born 14 February 1942 , Plaistow , Essex ) is an English folk singer .
Susie Au , is an award - winning filmmaker based in Hong Kong whose works include being a commercial director , music video director , feature film director .
Steve Szilagyi is a critic , journalist , novelist and the author of Photographing Fairies ( Ballantine , 1992 ) , and co - author , with Bill Mesce , Jr. , of The Advocate ( Bantam , 2000 ) .
Robert H. Adleman ( May 7 , 1919 - November 16 , 1995 ) was an American novelist and historian .
Henry Smith Van Eaton ( September 14 , 1826 -- May 30 , 1898 ) was an attorney , politician and military officer , reaching the rank of captain in the Confederate Army .
Jordan Corey ( born September 28 , 1990 ) is a California - based independent singer - songwriter .
László Sebestyén ( born May 22 , 1956 ) is a Hungarian engineer and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Miskolc ( Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén County Constituency IV ) between 2010 and 2014 .
Hillel ben Eliakim , known in Hebrew to Talmud scholars as Rabbeinu Hillel , ( `` Our Rabbi Hillel '' ) , was a Greek rabbi and Talmud scholar .
Aurelia Frick ( born September 19 , 1975 ) is a Liechtensteinerin politician who serves as the current Minister of Foreign Affairs , Education and Culture .
Philip Torchio ( August 2 , 1868 in Vercana , Como , Italy - January 14 , 1942 in Bronxville , New York ) was an Italian electrical engineer known for his work at the Edison Electric Company and his many inventions in the transmission and distribution of electric energy .
Tommy Bowden ( born July 10 , 1954 ) is an American football coach who served as the head coach at Clemson University from 1999 until October 13 , 2008 .
Sammy Luftspring was a Jewish Canadian boxer .
Mircea Răceanu ( born Mircea Bernat October 17 , 1935 ) is a Romanian diplomat .
In 2009 , Paul Steinitz ' centenary year , the group dedicated its October meeting to its founder and first conductor .
Cynthia J. Popp ( born May 6 , 1962 ) is an American television director and producer on the soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful .
P. A. Arun Prasad is an Indian film director , screenwriter and producer known for his works in Telugu , Tamil and Kannada cinema .
Cris de Vera ( born 1924 ) was a Filipino actor who was typecast as Japanese in most of his films because of his Japanese features .
Daniel Knauf , sometimes credited under the pseudonyms Wilfred Schmidt and Chris Neal , is an American screenwriter , comic book writer , director and producer best known for his creation of the 2003 HBO series Carnivàle .
Patricia Quintana is a Mexican cook , writer , businessperson and professor .
Aristophon was a Greek painter , mentioned by Pliny the Elder .
Cornel Wilde ( October 13 , 1912 -- October 16 , 1989 ) was a Hungarian - American actor and film director .
Eugenie Anderson ( May 26 , 1909 -- March 31 , 1997 ) , also known as Helen Eugenie Moore Anderson , was a United States diplomat .
Gilbert Beesby ( fl . 1382 - 1401 ) , of Lincoln , was an English politician and merchant .
Grant Russell is a Scottish broadcast journalist and producer .
Thierry Noir is a French artist who is claimed to be the first street artist to paint the Berlin Wall .
Peter Ostroushko ( born August 12 , 1953 ) is an American violinist and mandolinist .
Svetozar Pribićević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Светозар Прибићевић , pronounced ( pribǐːt͡ʃeʋit͡ɕ ) ; October 26 , 1875 - September 15 , 1936 ) was a Serb politician who worked hard for creation of unitaristic Yugoslavia .
Deborah Saunt is an Australian - born English architect .
Dave Vitkay ( born May 22 , 1980 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the middleweight division of Bellator MMA .
Matthew Bright ( born June 8 , 1952 ) is an American film director , writer and actor .
Gene Allison ( August 29 , 1934 -- February 28 , 2004 ) was an American R&B singer .
Sarah Choate Sears ( 1858 - -1935 ) was an American art collector , art patron , cultural entrepreneur , artist and photographer .
Charles Henry Niehaus ( January 24 , 1855 -- June 19 , 1935 ) , was an American sculptor .
Jan Švejnar ( born October 2 , 1952 ) is a USA - based , Czech - born economist .
Madhukar Keshav Dhavalikar ( M. K. Dhavalikar ) is a notable Indian historian and archaeologist .
Arthur Michael ( August 7 , 1853 -- February 8 , 1942 ) was an American organic chemist who is best known for the Michael reaction .
Richard Cullen is a British animator , designer and director , working primarily in live music related projects .
Marc Baril is a Canadian video game composer and musician .
István Boldog ( born November 10 , 1966 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Mezőtúr ( Jász - Nagykun - Szolnok County Constituency VI ) from 2010 to 2014 and for Törökszentmiklós ( Jász - Nagykun - Szolnok County Constituency IV ) since 2014 .
Tan Sri Ir . Wong Foon Meng ( Chinese : 王弗明 ; pinyin : Wáng Fúmíng ) , Malaysian engineer & politician , is a former President of the Malaysian Senate and a former member of the State Legislative Assembly of Terengganu from 1995 to 1999 .
Véronique Rivière ( born Véronique Tartakovsky in Suresnes , February 5 , 1959 ) is a French singer - songwriter and actress .
Ike Eisenmann ( born July 21 , 1962 ) is an American actor , voice actor , producer , and sound - effects specialist who has been active in the entertainment industry since childhood .
Michaela Anne Nobilette ( born August 20 , 1993 ) , also Emkay Brazil , most commonly known as MK Nobilette is an American singer from San Francisco , California , who finished in tenth place on the thirteenth season of American Idol .
Moïse Kisling , born Mojżesz Kisling ( January 22 , 1891 -- April 29 , 1953 ) , was a Polish - born French painter .
Pablo Portillo ( born April 8 , 1984 ) is a famous Mexican singer and actor .
Damon Intrabartolo ( 1974 -- August 13 , 2013 ) was an American composer , orchestrator and conductor .
Howard Brodie ( November 18 , 1915 -- September 19 , 2010 ) was a sketch artist best known for his World War II combat and courtroom sketches .
Naheed Shabbir ( or Naheed Shabeer ) ( Urdu : ناہید شبیر‎ ) is a Pakistani television actress and model .
Ralston McKenzie is a Jamaican broadcaster and journalist , producer / presenter of the award - winning community service programme Sunday Contact .
Gianfranco Terenzi ( born January 2 , 1941 ) is a Sammarinese politician who has served as captain regent on four occasions .
Bernart de Rovenac , Rovenhac , or Roenach ( fl . 1242 - -1261 ) was a Languedocian troubadour .
Cundo Bermúdez ( September 3 , 1914 -- October 30 , 2008 ) , born Secundino ( Cundo ) Bermúdez y Delgado , was a Cuban painter .
Kate Banks ( born February 13 , 1960 ) is an American children 's writer who lives in France .
Anne Marie Rodgers is an American writer of romance novels as Anne Marie Winston .
Eugene S. Gaffney is an American paleontologist and leading authority on the evolutionary history of turtles .
Abraham Jefferson Seay ( November 28 , 1832 -- December 12 , 1915 ) was an American lawyer , soldier , judge , and politician .
Abe Goldfarb is an American actor , writer and voice actor .
Donna Ricco is an American fashion designer who heads a company of the same name .
Stephen Stuchbury ( born 22 June 1954 in Sheffield , Yorkshire , England ) is an English former first - class cricketer , who played three first - class matches , and 22 List A one day games , for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1978 and 1981 .
Benigno Bossi ( 1727- 1792 ) was an Italian engraver , painter , and stucco artist .
Will Glahé ( February 12 , 1902 -- November 21 , 1989 ) , was a German accordionist , composer , and bandleader .
Arij Lans Bovenberg ( born June 15 , 1958 ) is a Dutch economist , and Professor of Economics at the Tilburg University and Erasmus University , known mainly due to his contribution to the Dutch debate on population ageing , pension reforms and public finances .
Jimmy Vee is a British actor and stunt performer , who has played a number of Doctor Who monsters and aliens .
Giovanni Bonagrazia ( born in 1654 ) was an Italian painter , active in Treviso in a Mannerist style .
Shai Dahan ( born 1979 ) is an American contemporary painter and street artist who works with painting , drawing , illustrations and installations .
Julio Alberto Mercado Illanes ( 1920 - -1994 ) was a Chilean accountant , businessman and politician .
Jeff Sheridan ( born 1948 ) is an American magician who started his career by specializing in street magic .
Euan Wemyss is a Scottish broadcast journalist and singer , currently working for STV News in the Northern Scotland .
Sir William Glenholme Falconbridge , QC ( May 12 , 1846 -- February 8 , 1920 ) was a Canadian lawyer and judge in Ontario .
Boris Beizer is an American software engineer and author .
Nithya Menen is an Indian film actress and playback singer .
Noushin Ahmadi Khorasani is a notable Iranian author , translator , essayist , journalist , women 's rights activist and community activist .
Bernardo Regoliron was an Italian portrait painter , practising in the second half of the 18th century , was a pupil of P. P. Cristofani .
Sun Zhonghuan ( simplified Chinese : 孙忠焕 ; traditional Chinese : 孫忠煥 ) , is a Chinese politician .
Russell Winter is a British professional surfer .
Jürgen Rosenthal is a German rock drummer .
Mércio Pereira Gomes ( born November 10 , 1950 ) is a Brazilian anthropologist who presently ( April 2015 ) teaches at the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro ( Rio de Janeiro Federal University ) , in Rio de Janeiro .
Krzysztof Bosak ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkʂɨʂtɔf ˈbɔsak ) , born June 13 , 1982 in Zielona Góra ) is a Polish politician .
Austin North ( born July 30 , 1996 ) , is an American actor .
Shahrokh Razmjou is an Iranian archaeologist and historian , specializing in Achaemenid Archaeology and History .
Gregory Bonsignore ( born 1983 ) is an award - winning International Playwright , television program creator , musical theatre librettist & lyricist , screenwriter , director and actor .
Gilles Pelletier , OC ( born March 22 , 1925 ) is a Canadian actor .
Philip Wayne Powell ( 1913 - 1987 ) was an American historian specializing in the Spanish colonial history of the American Southwest .
Paul Christoph Hennings ( November 27 , 1841 -- October 14 , 1908 ) was a German mycologist and herbarium curator .
Paul Corkett is a British record producer , engineer and arranger .
Paul Csonka ( born Paul Augustus Csonka on October 24 , 1905 , died on November 24 , 1995 ) , was an Austrian composer and opera conductor .
Benjamin Doolittle ( December 29 , 1825 in Lenox , Madison County , New York -- February 6 , 1895 in Oswego , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Thomas Fenton is an American screenwriter and his writing credits include the screenplays for Saw IV .
Alison Jutzi is a Canadian actress , singer and songwriter .
Melissa Bacelar ( born May 11 , 1979 in Piscataway , New Jersey ) is an American actress and occasional producer and adult model .
Chris Browning is an American television and film actor , known for character roles , specializing in more tough and rugged types .
Wesley Eure ( born August 17 , 1951 ) is an American actor , singer , author , producer , director , charity fundraiser , and lecturer .
Katherine Elizabeth Webb - McCarron ( born April 24 , 1989 ) , professionally known by her maiden name Katherine Webb , is an American model , beauty queen , and television personality .
Ted Coombs ( born 1954 ) is an American technology author , futurist , artist , and scientist .
Nancy Cole is an educational psychologist and expert on educational assessment .
Ozi Amanat is a Singapore based investor and venture capitalist .
Beatrix Kökény ( born March 12 , 1969 in Budapest ) is a former Hungarian team handball player , European champion and multiple Olympic medalist , who currently serves as the technical director of Ferencvárosi TC .
Kimberly Nichole is an American singer - songwriter and actress .
Horst H. Berger ( born March 30 , 1933 ) is a German electrical engineer noted for his contributions to semiconductor technologies for integrated circuits .
Reuben Rickard ( August 20 , 1841 -- February 28 , 1896 ) was a mining engineer who served as President of the Town Board of Trustees in Berkeley , California from 1891 to 1893 , and again for about one month during 1895 .
Debajit Chetia ( Assamese : দেৱজিত চেতিয়া ) ( born 31 July 1963 ) was an Indian cricketer .
Idra Novey is an American novelist , poet , and translator .
Norma Koch ( March 27 , 1898 --July 29 , 1979 ) was an American costume designer who won a Academy Award for the film What Ever Happened to Baby Jane ? in the category Best Costume design - Black and White during the 1962 Academy Awards .
Kris Burm is a Belgian game designer specializing in abstract board games .
Trebor Healey is an American poet and novelist .
Paul Courto is a retired Australian rules footballer who played for Hobart in the Tasmanian Australian National Football League .
Abraham Lissauer ( August 29 , 1832 -- September 29 , 1908 ) was a German physician and archaeologist born in Berent , West Prussia ( today- Kościerzyna , Poland ) .
Scott Kamieniecki ( born April 19 , 1964 ) is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1991 - -2000 and played four years for the University of Michigan .
Ray Marcano is an American journalist , music critic , musician and scholar , who was known for his work as a medical reporter , and later a music critic , for the Dayton Daily News in the 1980s and 1990s .
Ayman Al - Sayyad ( Arabic : أيمن الصياد , born March 17 , 1956 ) is an Egyptian journalist , writer , magazine editor and political commentator .
Nikos Verlekis ( Νίκος Βερλέκης ; born January 20 , 1949 ) is a Greek actor and director .
Andy Price is a British television and film composer .
Perry Farrell ( born Peretz Bernstein ; March 29 , 1959 ) is an American singer - songwriter and musician , best known as the frontman for the alternative rock band Jane 's Addiction .
Tim Scott McConnell aka Tim Scott or Ledfoot ( born March 25 , 1958 ) is an American singer - songwriter and 12-string guitarist who performs since 2007 under the artist name Ledfoot and created the music genre Gothic blues .
Bonnie Randolph Hoffman was an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour .
David Sidney Feingold ( Hebrew דוד סידני פיינגולד ; born November 15 , 1922 ) is an American biochemist .
Christian Scherübl ( born April 6 , 1994 in Graz ) is an Austrian swimmer , who specialized in long - distance and relay freestyle events .
Beside Euphronios , Euthymides , Hypsis and the Dikaios painter , Smikros was one of the most important representatives of the so - called Pioneer Group of Athenian red figure vase painting .
Thurland Chattaway was a popular music composer , active from approximately 1898 to 1912 .
Gerardo Ortíz Medína ( born October 5 , 1989 ) , simply known as Gerardo Ortíz , is an American regional Mexican singer - songwriter , and record producer .
George Henry Kinahan ( 1829 - -1908 ) , M.R.I.A. , was an Irish geologist and archaeologist .
Franck Amsallem is a French - American jazz pianist , arranger , composer and also singer .
Jerry Spagnoli ( New York , 1956 ) , a photographer since the mid-1970s , is best known for his work with the daguerreotype process , a complex photographic technique invented in 1839 that produces images on highly polished , silver clad copper plates .
Limor Livnat ( Hebrew : לִימוֹר לִבְנָת ; born 22 September 1950 ) is an Israeli politician .
Venket Ram is a leading Indian celebrity & fashion photographer , who has shot principal photography stills for several notable films as well as portfolios .
Marc Marut ( born April 11 , 1979 ) is a Canadian actor best known for playing Johnny McFarley in the 1994 horror film The Paperboy .
In December 2011 , MacLachlan paired Lorde with Joel Little , a songwriter , record producer , and former Goodnight Nurse lead singer .
Luc Bernard is a British game designer and artist best known for creating the video games Eternity 's Child , Imagination Is The Only Escape , Mecho Wars , Desert Ashes , Death Tales , Pocket God vs Desert Ashes and SteamPirates .
Kirby Heyborne ( born October 8 , 1976 ) is an American actor , musician , singer - songwriter , narrator and comedian known for his work in Lazy Muncie and LDS films .
Nándor Litter ( born September 18 , 1953 ) is a Hungarian operating engineer and politician ( MSZP ) , who served as Mayor of Nagykanizsa from 2002 to 2006 .
Danielle Moinet ( born November 28 , 1983 ) is an American professional wrestler , professional wrestling valet , model , actress and former American football player currently signed with WWE under the ring name , Summer Rae .
Daniel M. Tani ( born February 1 , 1961 ) is an American engineer and a NASA astronaut .
Pongsit Kamphee ( Pu ) ( Thai : พงษ์สิทธิ์ คำภีร์ ) is a Thai rock singer and producer popular in the Phleng pheua chiwit ( Songs for Life ) genre .
Conrad Heighton Leigh ( born 1883 ) was an English artist , illustrator and member of Brighton Arts Club .
Lagertha was , according to legend , a Viking shieldmaiden from what is now Norway , and the onetime wife of the famous Viking Ragnar Lothbrok .
In March 2004 , the University of Caen Lower Normandy set up a solo exhibition of more than 40 posters , for Cities , Theaters , and Hollywood ; produced a video interview of the artist along with a CD - Rom and a catalog , and invited Astrid Chevallier to speak about her work at a public lecture .
Residente recorded `` Canción para un niño en la Calle '' ( `` Song For A Child In the Street '' ) with Mercedes Sosa , a song that is part of Cantora , the last record of the great Argentinean folkloric singer .
Bruce Olson ( b. November 10 , 1941 ) is a Scandinavian American Christian missionary who is best known for his pioneering work in bringing Christianity to the Motilone Indians of Colombia and Venezuela .
George Andrew Reisner ( November 5 , 1867 -- June 6 , 1942 ) was an American archaeologist of Ancient Egypt and Palestine .
Cornelis Ouwehand ( 1920 - -1996 ) was a Dutch anthropologist and a scholar of Japanese folklore .
Rick Tuttle ( born January 5 , 1940 ) is an American politician , university administrator and educator from Los Angeles , California .
Renato Cellini ( Italian pronunciation : ( reˈnato tʃelˈlini ) ; April 24 , 1912 -- March 25 , 1967 ) was an Italian opera conductor .
Alphons Joseph is a music director and playback singer in the Malayalam film industry who got a break as a film music composer after composing for the film Vellithira .
John McPhillips is an Irish film music composer .
Percy Mayfield ( August 12 , 1920 -- August 11 , 1984 ) was an American songwriter famous for the songs `` Hit the Road Jack '' and `` Please Send Me Someone to Love '' , as well as a successful rhythm and blues artist known for his smooth vocal style .
Paolo Fabbri is an Italian musicologist and academic .
Antonio Fratacci ( Parma or Bologna ) was an Italian painter of the first half of the 18th century .
Amy Gulick is an American nature and wildlife photographer .
Anton Seelos ( March 4 , 1911 -- June 1 , 2006 ) was an Austrian alpine skier and world champion .
Ravi Chaturvedi is an Indian sports commentator and author of twenty books on Cricket , including World Cup Cricket :
Eres Holz ( born September 26 , 1977 in Rehovot ) , is an Israeli composer who lives in Germany since 2003 .
Fuzzbee Morse is a composer for films , as well as a performer , singer / songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and music producer .
Johannes Groenland ( also spelled Grönland and called `` Jean Groenland , '' 1824 - 1891 ) was a German botanist , horticulturist , and microscopist .
Albert Sidney Camp ( July 26 , 1892 -- July 24 , 1954 ) was an American politician , educator and lawyer .
Jonathan L. Goldstein ( February 16 , 1941 ) is an American lawyer who served as United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey from 1974 to 1977 .
Sarah Barnwell Elliott ( November 29 , 1848 - August 30 , 1928 ) was a novelist , short story writer , and an advocate of women 's rights .
Vajjala Shiva Kumar is a well known free verse Telugu poet .
Lluís Dalmau was a Spanish 15th - century painter who flourished between 1431 and 1460 .
Lutfozzaman Babar is a Bangladeshi politician who served as a Minister of the People 's Republic of Bangladesh under Prime Minister Khaleda Zia , as a member of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party .
Roberto Mangú , also known as Roberto Mangu Quesada , and Roberto Mangou , is a contemporary artist , best known as a painter , who is also noted for his sculptures , installations , etchings and work as an architect .
Oleksij Kerekesha is a Ukrainian composer and lead singer of the popular group Fata Morgana .
Samuel Willows ( dates unknown ) was an English professional cricketer who made 4 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1792 .
Steve Hindalong ( born November 29 , 1959 ) is an American drummer , percussionist , songwriter and producer best known for his work with the alternative rock band The Choir .
Horațiu Rădulescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( hoˈratsiu rəduˈlesku ) ; January 7 , 1942 -- September 25 , 2008 ) was a Romanian - French composer , best known for the spectral technique of composition .
Alexis Valdés is a Cuban actor , comedian , monologist , film producer , singer and screenwriter .
Liu Yonghong ( simplified Chinese : 刘勇宏 ; traditional Chinese : 劉勇宏 ) ( born May 1 , 1970 ) is a Chinese cinematographer , based in Beijing .
Michael Locher ( aka Vorphalack , or simply Vorph ) ( Born 1969 ) is a Swiss musician who provides vocals and is a guitarist for Swiss industrial / black metal band Samael ( sometimes referred to as `` Samaël '' ) .
Tony Renis ( born May 13 , 1938 ) , stage name of Elio Cesari , is an Italian singer , composer , songwriter , music producer and film actor .
Cara DeVito is an American video producer , journalist , visual artist and video artist .
Abhijeet Sawant ( Marathi : अभिजीत सावंत ) is an Indian playback singer , Television actor and anchor and the winner of Indian Idol ( Season 1 ) .
Giovanni Zamboni ( fl . early 18th century , possibly 1664 - 1721 ) was a baroque composer .
Paco Peña ( born 1 June 1942 ) is a Spanish flamenco composer and guitarist .
Kevin Sinclair , MBE , ( December 12 , 1942 -- December 23 , 2007 ) was a journalist , author and passionate supporter of Hong Kong .
Miguel González Avelar ( March 19 , 1937 -- November 22 , 2011 ) was a Mexican politician who served as the Secretary of Public Education from 1985 to 1988 within the government of President Miguel de la Madrid .
Dr. Mary Ann Coady Weinand ( December 25 , 1959 -- September 26 , 2007 ) was an American psychiatrist in Tucson , Arizona for 16 years from 1991 until 2007 .
Ralph Fletcher Seymour ( March 18 , 1876 -- January 1 , 1966 ) was an American artist , author , and publisher of the late nineteenth and the twentieth centuries .
Jose Solis ( died April 23 , 2013 ) was a Filipino politician , who was a member of the House of Representatives for Sorsogon 's 2nd District ( 2001 - -2010 ) .
Paul Bonin is a singer and musician ( electric bass , guitar ) and a songwriter / composer .
Reiner Schöne ( born 19 January 1942 ) is a German actor , known for such roles as Dukhat in the Babylon 5 series , Shinnok in Mortal Kombat :
Stanley Diamond ( January 4 , 1922 in New York City , N.Y. -- March 31 , 1991 in New York City , N.Y. ) was an American poet and anthropologist .
Kirke La Shelle ( September 23 , 1862 -- May 16 , 1905 ) , was an American journalist , playwright and theatrical producer .
Jolee Blon ' ( born Emily Elicia Low ; January 19 , 1988 ) is an American actress , model , and neo - Burlesque showgirl .
Fritz Moravec ( April 27 , 1922 -- March 17 , 1997 ) was an Austrian mountaineer and author .
Javed Qadeer ( born August 25 , 1976 , Karachi , Sindh ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played one ODI in 1995 as a wicket - keeper .
Lars Faaborg - Andersen is a Danish diplomat who since 2013 has been the ambassador of the European Union ( EU ) to Jerusalem Israel .
Susanna Bokoyni ( April 24 , 1879 -- August 24 , 1984 ) , also known as `` Princess Susanna , '' was a Hungarian centenarian and circus performer who was listed in The Guinness Book of World Records as the longest - lived dwarf on record .
Janice Whaley is an American capella singer - songwriter from California .
Bill Kirchen ( born June 29 , 1948 ) is an American rockabilly guitarist , singer and songwriter .
K. Rekha is a Malayalam short story writer .
Barbara Ann Reynolds ( born August 17 , 1942 ) is an African - American journalist and author of a notable biography of Jesse Jackson , Jesse Jackson , the Man , the Myth , and the Movement .
Abbas Duzduzani ( Persian : عباس دوزدوزانی‎ ) is an Iranian politician , Sepahi and Mohammad - Ali Rajai cabinet Culture minister .
Dorismar ( born Dora Noemí Kerchen on March 14 , 1975 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine model , actress , television hostess , and singer .
Yoshimi Ozaki ( Japanese : 尾崎 好美 ; born July 1 , 1981 ) is a Japanese long - distance runner , who specializes in the marathon .
Murray M. Silver , Jr. is an American rock music writer and photographer .
Jafar Zafarani ( Persian : جعفر زعفرانی‎‎ ) is an Iranian mathematician .
Franciszek Szymura ( December 7 , 1912 , Dortmund -- May 18 , 1985 , Warsaw ) was a Polish boxer who competed four times in the European Amateur Boxing Championships ( 1937 , 1939 , 1947 , and 1949 ) and in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Henry M. Milner was a 19th - century playwright and author of melodramas and popular tragedies .
Victor Marie du Pont de Nemours ( October 1 , 1767 -- January 30 , 1827 ) was a French American diplomat , politician and businessman .
John Kadiya was a Nigerian politician , administrator and former minister .
Huang Yu - cheng ( Chinese : 黃玉振 ; pinyin : Huáng Yùzhèn ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Paul Eston Lacy ( February 7 , 1924 -- February 15 , 2005 ) was an anatomist and experimentalist and one of the world 's leading diabetes mellitus researchers .
Walther Linis , painter sculptor , restaurantor , illustrator , craftsman , violin maker and writer was born in Denmark , in September 2 , 1930 .
Hah Myung - joong ( Korean : 하명중 , Hanja : 河明中 ) ( born May 14 , 1941 ) is a South Korean actor , film director , producer , planner , and screen writer .
Dieter Stappert ( October 13 , 1942 - October 17 , 2008 ) was an Austrian journalist and team manager in motorsport .
Mihails Zemļinskis ( Ukrainian : Михайло Валерійович Землинський ; born 21 December 1969 ) is a Latvian politician and former international footballer .
Tyler Bensinger is an American film and television writer , producer and film director .
Toni Hudson has also choreographed for singer / actor Dwight Yoakam on many of his music videos and for the Country Music Awards ( CMA 'S ) in Nashville as well as a couple of independent films , ' Out of these Rooms ' and ' Cahoots ' .
Dr. Hollis Dow Hedberg ( May 29 , 1903 -- August 14 , 1988 ; nickname : `` El Doctor Hedberg '' ) was an American geologist specializing in petroleum exploration .
Njål Sparbo ( born May 13 , 1964 ) is a Norwegian classical bass - baritone singer .
Petra Mutzel is a German computer scientist , a University Professor of computer science at the Technical University of Dortmund .
Johann Georg Heine ( April 3 , 1771 -- September 7 , 1838 ) was a German orthopedic mechanic and physician .
Ferhan Azman is a Turkish born architect working in London , New York , Los Angeles , Nice and Istanbul .
Richard Heath ( born August 8 , 1955 ) is a U.S. politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 2 since January 8 , 2013 .
Ryan Looney ( born November 8 , 1975 ) is an American college basketball coach and the current Head Men 's Basketball Coach at Seattle Pacific University .
Nathan Haskell Dole ( August 31 , 1852 -- May 9 , 1935 ) was an American editor , translator , and author .
Tom D. Crouch is an American aeronautics historian and curator .
Tommy Guerrero ( born September 9 , 1966 ) is an American professional skateboarder , company owner , and musician .
Ron Waterman ( born November 23 , 1965 ) , is an American mixed martial artist ( MMA ) , professional wrestler and celebrity member of the Team Impact motivational group .
Marco Dawson ( born November 17 , 1963 ) is an American professional golfer who now plays on the Champions Tour , having previously played on the PGA Tour .
Sylviane Puntous is a Canadian former triathlete who won the Hawaii Ironman Triathlon in 1983 and 1984 , beating her twin sister Patricia Puntous into second place on both occasions .
Mihkel Raud is an Estonian writer , blogger , playwright , TV personality , singer , guitarist , journalist and member of the Estonian Parliament .
JJ Lin ( traditional Chinese : 林俊傑 ; simplified Chinese : 林俊杰 ; pinyin : Lin Jun Jie ) is a Singaporean singer , songwriter , record producer and actor based in Taiwan .
Donnie Hamzik ( born October 18 ) is the Binghamton , NY born drummer of the heavy metal band Manowar .
Scott Muni ( May 10 , 1930 -- September 28 , 2004 , aged 74 ) was an American disc jockey , who worked at the heyday of the AM Top 40 format and then was a pioneer of FM progressive rock radio .
Yu Gam - dong ( Hangul : 유감동 ; Hanja : 兪甘同 ) was a Gisaeng , dancer , writer , artist , and poet during the Korean Joseon Dynastys of the 15th century from the first noble family of dancers , prostitutes .
John Mitzewich ( born July 11 , 1963 ) , famously known as `` Chef John '' , is an American chef , video blogger and YouTube celebrity , who publishes instructional cooking videos on the video blog Food Wishes , as well as on a YouTube channel by the same name .
Li Kuei - Hsien ( simplified Chinese : 李魁贤 ; traditional Chinese : 李魁賢 ; pinyin : lǐ kuíxián ; born 1937 ) is a Taiwanese author and poet .
Janice McClain is an American R&B singer , who signed to MCA Records in the 1980s .
Damon Winter ( born December 24 , 1974 ) is a New York based photographer who specializes in documentary , editorial , and travel photography .
Dave Dreiwitz was born on January 2 , 1966 in New York City , New York to traditional jazz musician parents , Richard and Barbara Dreiwitz .
Boom Bip ( born Bryan Charles Hollon ) is an American hip hop producer and musician .
Thelma Hulbert ( 1913 - -1995 ) was an English visual artist who was particularly well known as a painter of still lives and landscapes .
Curtis Bentley Atchley , Jr. ( born June 30 , 1930 ) , known as Ben Atchley , is an American former politician in the state of Tennessee .
Charlie Coles ( February 6 , 1942 -- June 7 , 2013 ) was an American college basketball coach and the former men 's basketball head coach at Miami University and Central Michigan University .
Devon O'Day ( born January 18 , 1962 , Alexandria , Louisiana ) is an American radio personality , former plus - size model for Ford Models , songwriter , and an author .
James Burrill Angell ( January 7 , 1829 -- April 1 , 1916 ) was an American educator , academic administrator , and diplomat .
Christopher Pravdica is an American musician and songwriter .
Brian Henry is an American poet , translator , editor , and literary critic .
Ramesh Prasad ( born Akkineni Ramesh Prasada Rao ) is an Indian businessman , film producer , chairman and Head of Prasad Studios , Prasad Art Pictures , Prasads IMAX and L V Prasad Eye Institute founded by his father L. V. Prasad .
Topel Lee is an acclaimed Filipino film director , TV director and music video director known for the cinematography in his movies and his strong female characters .
Inō Tadataka ( 伊能 忠敬 February 11 , 1745 - May 17 , 1818 ) was a Japanese surveyor and cartographer .
Maria Anne Hirschmann is a teacher in America whose real - life story was adapted in the Hansi , the Girl who Loved the Swastika , a comic published by Spire Christian Comics .
Murray Korman ( March 16 , 1902 -- August 10 , 1961 ) was an American publicity photographer .
P. Ananda Kumar is an Indian plant molecular biologist and biotechnologist .
Martin Casaus ( born March 5 , 1985 ) is an American professional wrestler , voice over artist , and Actor of Mexican American descent .
Gary Burr , born in Meriden , Connecticut , is an American musician and songwriter and producer with many hits recorded by country music performers .
Anastasia Dzyundzyak ( born 26 March 1979 ) is a former Uzbekstani artistic gymnast .
Mark Adlard was born Peter Marcus Adlard is an English novelist .
Arben Kucana is an Albanian sport shooter who competes in the men 's 10 metre air pistol and the men 's 50 metre pistol .
Juan Bustos ( December 8 , 1935 , Santiago -- August 7 , 2008 ) was a Chilean politician , law professor and lawyer .
Jim Hustwit ( born 29 September 1979 ) is an English composer , producer and songwriter , scoring for theatre , television and film .
Gerald K. Maloney is an American politician who served as the second mayor of West Valley City , Utah .
Domenico Carretti ( c. 1650-c . 1719 ) was an Italian painter , born in Bologna , and active mainly at Brescia .
David McHattie Forbes ( July 21 , 1863 -- March 23 , 1937 ) was a Scottish botanist , ethnologist , sugarcane plantation manager and explorer on the island of Hawai'i .
As a painter , Olivier Masmonteil dedicates his work exclusively to landscapes .
Mishal Bukhari is a TV anchor and journalist and working as a Sub - Editor in Express News .
Norman Cousins ( June 24 , 1915 -- November 30 , 1990 ) was an American political journalist , author , professor , and world peace advocate .
Igor Pikayzen ( Russian : Игорь Леонидович Пикайзен ; born November 16 , 1987 ) is a Russian - American violinist .
Tori Alamaze ( born July 7 , 1977 ) is an American singer best known as a backing vocalist for the hip hop duo OutKast .
Thomas Joiner is an American academic psychologist and leading expert on suicide .
Yannis Stankoglou ( Greek : Γιάννης Στάνκογλου , 1974 ) is a Greek actor of Gagauz nationality .
Như Loan ( born April 20 , 1981 ) is a Vietnamese singer who is currently signed under the music label Thúy Nga ; one of the largest overseas Vietnamese music productions that is responsible for Paris By Night , a hit musical variety show .
Tim Dean is a British philosopher , author , notable in the field of contemporary queer theory , and author of several works on the subject :
Edward A. Kull ( December 10 , 1885 -- December 22 , 1946 ) was an American cinematographer and film director .
Hirsch Perlman ( born 1960 ) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Los Angeles , California .
Yuriy Nuzhnenko is a Ukrainian boxer who captured the vacant WBA Interim Welterweight belt on December 8 , 2007 in Le Cannet , France against Frédéric Klose of France by twelve - round unanimous decision .
Georg Wilhelm de Gennin ( Russian : Георг Вильгельм де Геннин ) or Vilim Ivanovich de Gennin ( Russian : Вилим Иванович де Геннин ) ( October 11 , 1676 -- April 12 , 1750 ) was a German - born Russian military officer and engineer who specialized in mining and metallurgy .
Alison Wedding ( born 1972 ) is an American singer and composer based in New York City .
Norman Kerry ( June 16 , 1894 -- January 12 , 1956 ) was an American actor whose career spanned over twenty - five years in the motion picture industry beginning in the silent era at the end of World War I.
Caleb Ormsbee was an American architect who designed at least two National Historic Landmark homes .
Edward Dean Jeffries ( February 25 , 1933 -- May 5 , 2013 ) was an American custom vehicle designer , fabricator , stuntman and stunt coordinator for motion pictures and television programs based in Los Angeles , California .
Christian Joseph Zuber ( 1736 - -1802 ) was a Danish Royal architect who was strongly influenced by Nicolas - Henri Jardin .
Josiah Leming ( born March 26 , 1989 ) is an American singer - songwriter originally from Morristown , Tennessee .
Gary Levinsohn in an American film producer .
Georg Zundel ( May 17 , 1931 -- March 11 , 2007 ) was a German physical chemist , tenured professor of biophysics at University of Munich , peace activist , environmentalist and philanthropist .
George Barr McCutcheon ( July 26 , 1866 -- October 23 , 1928 ) was an American popular novelist and playwright .
Haley Ishimatsu ( born September 10 , 1992 in Bellflower , California ) is an American platform diver .
Willie Goggin ( born c.1907 ) was an American professional golfer .
Marie - Claude Nichols ( born December 5 , 1973 in Terrebonne , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician in Quebec , who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election .
Alfred Tarski ( /ˈtɑːrski/ ; January 14 , 1901 -- October 26 , 1983 ) was a Polish logician , mathematician and philosopher .
Hal Mooney , born Harold Mooney , ( February 4 , 1911 - March 23 , 1995 ) was an American composer and arranger .
Georg Friedrich von Eichheimer ( August 18 , 1764 -- October 13 , 1854 ) was a Bavarian military physician and Generalstabsarzt ( Surgeon General ) of the Army .
Heinz Kluetmeier ( born 1942 ) is a German - born American sports photographer for Sports Illustrated .
Simone Orlando is a Canadian ballet dancer and choreographer born in Vancouver British Columbia .
Hyperbolus ( Greek : Ὑπέρβολoς , Hyperbolos ) was an Athenian politician active during the first half of the Peloponnesian war , coming to particular prominence after the death of Cleon .
Thaïs ( Greek : Θαΐς ) was a famous Greek hetaera who lived during the time of Alexander the Great and accompanied him on his campaigns .
Gene MacLellan ( February 2 , 1938 -- January 19 , 1995 ) was a Canadian singer - songwriter from Prince Edward Island .
Claude Gray ( born January 26 , 1932 in Henderson , Texas ) is an American country music singer - songwriter and guitar picker best known for his 1960 hit `` Family Bible , '' which has been covered by many different artists .
John Wesley Bateman ( 15 Dec 1824 -- 15 Apr 1909 ) was a Fremantle , Western Australia merchant who was later President of the Fremantle Chamber of Commerce
Kachiyapper was a temple priest who gained fame as a poet and Vedantist .
Ernie Barbarash is a film producer , perhaps best known as co - producer of the films American Psycho 2 , Cube 2 :
Cynthia MacLeod is a Canadian fiddler from Prince Edward Island .
Michel - Rolph Trouillot ( 1949 - -2012 ; PhD , Johns Hopkins 1985 ) was a Haitian academic and anthropologist .
Aristide Berto Cianfarani ( August 3 , 1895 -- 1960 ) was an Italian born American sculptor noted for his monuments , war memorials and ecclesiastical works .
Claire Schapira ( born 1946 ) is a French harpsichordist , pianist and composer .
Eli Terry Sr . ( April 13 , 1772 -- February 24 , 1852 ) was an inventor and clockmaker in Connecticut .
Enrico Accatino ( August 20 , 1920 -- July 16 , 2007 ) was an Italian abstract painter , sculptor , designer , and advocate of a new Italian culture tied to textiles .
Alexandros Jakupovic ( born December 14 , 1981 ) is a Greek tennis player of Greek and Bosnian descent .
Roy Conrad ( November 11 , 1940 -- January 19 , 2002 ) was an American actor , best known for his role as the voice actor of Ben in the 1995 LucasArts computer game Full Throttle .
Deborah Newcomb is a Democratic politician who most recently served in the Ohio House of Representatives from 2008 to 2010 .
Mingjiu Jiang ( 江鳴久 , born July 15 , 1957 in Shandong , China ) is a Chinese professional Go player .
Dallas Toler - Wade ( born June 6 , 1974 ) is an American musician , composer and multi - instrumentalist , best known for his work in the American ancient Egyptian - themed technical death metal band Nile .
Joaquín García Borrero was a Colombian engineer , politician , historian and writer .
Scott Lindroth is an American composer and teacher based near Durham , North Carolina .
William J. Thaler , Ph.D. ( December 4 , 1925 -- June 5 , 2005 ) was an American experimental physicist .
Sir Michael Peckham FMedSci is a British oncologist and artist .
Jo - Vaughn Virginie Scott ( born January 20 , 1995 ) , better known by his stage name Joey Badass ( stylized as Joey Bada$$ ) , is an American hip hop recording artist and rapper .
Jeffrey J. Berger is an American Democrat politician in the state of Connecticut , representing the 73rd district in the Connecticut House of Representatives .
Mindaugas Sadauskas ( born June 14 , 1990 ) is a Lithuanian swimmer who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Ada Ellen Bayly ( March 25 , 1857 -- February 8 , 1903 ) , a.k.a . Edna Lyall , was an English novelist , and an early feminist .
Harvey Jerome Brudner ( May 29 , 1931 - September 15 , 2009 ) was a theoretical physicist / engineer , and was the Dean of Science and Technology at the New York Institute of Technology .
Barbara Olschner is a published author , speaker , lawyer and politician .
Horia Mosadiq is an Afghan human rights activist , political analyst and journalist .
Juergen Mayer ( sometimes listed as Jürgen Mayer , born November 4 , 1976 ) is an Austrian bobsledder who has competed since 2007 .
Lefabian Williams ( born November 30 , 1983 ) , better known by his stage name Fabo , is an American rapper , producer , songwriter and former frontman of the snap music group D4L.
Valery Oisteanu ( born September 3 , 1943 ) is a Soviet - born Romanian and American poet , art critic , essayist , photographer and performance artist , whose style reflects the influence of Dada and Surrealism .
Ajaz Khan is an Indian actor , radio jockey and film producer .
Gerald Strebendt is a mixed martial artist , having competed in MMA organisations such as the UFC and Cage Rage .
Melanie Buddemeyer ( born c. 1966 ) is an American former competition swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 100-meter butterfly event at the 1982 World Aquatics Championships in Guayaquil , Ecuador .
Raúl Zamudio is a New York - based independent curator , art critic , art historian and educator .
Heather O'Neill ( born 1973 ) is a Canadian novelist , poet , short story writer , screenwriter and journalist , who published her debut novel , Lullabies for Little Criminals , in 2006 .
Sadegh Mahsouli ( Persian : صادق محصولی , born 9 March 1959 ) is an Iranian politician who was Minister of Interior from 2008 to 2009 and Minister of Welfare and Social Security from 2009 to 2011 .
Peter Spellos is an American voice actor who is also known as G. Gordon Baer , Gordon Baer , G. Gordon Bear , David Conrad , and Orville Ketchum .
Yao Tingmei ( Yao T'ing - mei , traditional : 姚廷美 , simplified : 姚廷美 ) ; was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty ( 1271 - -1368 ) .
Annette Meeks ( born April 12 , 1960 ) is a Minnesota Republican politician and a member of the state 's Metropolitan Council .
Matt Roper is a British comedian , writer and musician .
Isilda Pelicano ( born in 1949 ) is a Portuguese fashion designer based in Lisbon .
Gary Chalk is a British illustrator and model - maker .
John Kevan McDowall was a Scottish solicitor and politician during the early 20th century .
Sylvia Rexach ( January 22 , 1922 -- October 20 , 1961 ) , was a comedy scriptwriter , poet , singer and composer of boleros .
Neil H. Baum is a urologist who specializes in erectile dysfunction ( impotence ) , treatment of the enlarged prostate gland , and management of urinary incontinence .
Hassan Poladi ( also referred to as Hassan Foladi ) was the writer of The Hazaras , a book about Hazara people .
Sigismondo Foschi , also called Sigismondo da Faenza ( active 1520 - 1532 ) was and Italian painter of the Renaissance period , born and active in Faenza .
Nakaaya Sumari ( born September 3 , 1982 in Arusha , Tanzania ) is Tanzanian R&B - hip hop singer .
Glynn Cyprien is an American basketball coach and former assistant under Billy Kennedy at Texas A&M University in College Station .
Marc Porat is a tech entrepreneur and angel investor .
Rushdi Said ( Arabic : رشدي سعيد‎ ) ( May 12 , 1920 -- February 8 , 2013 ) was an Egyptian scientist .
Walter Klenhard is an American film director , writer and actor .
Jesse Sykes ( née Solomon ) ( born July 17 , 1967 ) is an American singer and songwriter , best known for her band Jesse Sykes & the Sweet Hereafter , which was formed in 1999 with Phil Wandscher .
Irton Marx ( born 1 Oct 1947 ) is a Brazilian politician and gaucho activist .
Marie Boas Hall ( October 18 , 1919 -- February 23 , 2009 ) was a historian of science , known for her teaching and writing .
Wade Hampton Pipes ( July 31 , 1877 -- July 1 , 1961 ) was an American architect in based in Portland , Oregon .
George Keyes ( September 17 , 1919 -- February 11 , 2010 ) was an American professional golfer and two - time winner ( 1956 and 1967 ) of the Illinois PGA Championship .
Michael Graziadei ( born September 22 , 1979 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Daniel Romalotti on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless .
Graham E. Fuller ( born November 28 , 1937 ) is an American author and political analyst , specializing in Islamic extremism .
Jaimini was an ancient Indian rishi ( sage ) , who was a great philosopher of the Mimansa school of Indian philosophy .
Rohn Thomas is an American actor , based mainly in the Cleveland / Pittsburgh areas who has appeared in supporting roles in such notable movies as The Shawshank Redemption and The Mothman Prophecies .
Gilbert Jackson ( c.1595/1600 - after 1648 ) was an English portrait painter active ca .
Chi - Huey Wong ( simplified Chinese : 翁启惠 ; traditional Chinese : 翁啟惠 ; pinyin : Wōng Qǐhuì ; born August 3 , 1948 ) is a Taiwanese - born American biochemist .
Otis Harlan ( December 29 , 1865 -- January 21 , 1940 ) was an American comedic actor .
Paul W. Hodge ( born 1934 ) is an American astronomer whose principle area of research is the stellar populations of galaxies .
Floyd Clack is a Michigan educator and politician who currently serves as a member of the Eastern Michigan University ( EMU)board of regents .
Sven Johan Methling ( or Sven Methling Jr. ) ( 1918 - -2005 ) was a Danish film director and screenwriter .
Stanley Nider Katz ( born April 23 , 1934 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American historian specializing in American legal and constitutional history and the history of philanthropy .
William Marrat ( 1772 - -1852 ) was an English printer , publisher and educator , known as a mathematician and antiquarian .
Brian Jungen ( born April 29 , 1970 in Fort St. John , British Columbia ) is a Canadian artist from British Columbia with Swiss and Dunne - za First Nations ancestry .
Aspen Vincent ( née Aspen Miller ) is an American voice actress and pop singer .
Andy Fickman is an American film director , film producer , screenwriter , television director , television producer , and theatre director .
Edward Sparrow ( December 29 , 1810 -- July 4 , 1882 ) was a prominent Confederate States of America politician .
La Coacha is a Mexican - American comedian , singer , blogger and internet personality .
Trajan the Patrician ( Greek : Τραϊανός Πατρίκιος , Traianos Patrikios ; Latin : Traianus Patricius ) was a Byzantine historian .
Professor Thomas Owen Clancy is an American academic and historian who specializes in the literature of the Celtic Dark Ages , especially that of Scotland .
Elizabeth Raybould , OBE , FRCN , was a British nurse and nursing educator credited with helping to create a new organisational structure for nursing education in Northern Ireland , with a heavy emphasis on the development of nursing as a profession , and the preparation and training of safe practitioners .
( Louis ) Richarno Colin ( born July 17 , 1987 ) is a Mauritian boxer best known to be All Africa champ 2011 .
Herbert Peter Sorg ( December 19 , 1911 -- March 11 , 1979 ) was a Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and later a United States federal judge .
Sidibé Aminata Diallo is a Malian academic and politician .
Kate Torralba is a Filipino fashion designer and musician .
Syed Nahas Pasha ( Bengali : সৈয়দ নায়াস পাশা ; born 29 March 1957 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British journalist , and editor - in - chief of Janomot and Curry Life .
Valerie Landsburg ( born August 12 , 1958 ) is an American actress , television and film director , screenwriter , and singer - songwriter .
Amin Amir ( Somali : Amiin Caamir , Arabic : أمين أمير‎ ) is a Somali - Canadian cartoonist and painter .
John Wilkin is an American librarian whose work has primarily been in development of digital library technologies and research library management .
Bichitr was an Indian painter during the Mughal period , patronized by the emperors Jahangir and Shah Jahan .
Steve Zolotow is an American businessman and professional poker player from Las Vegas , Nevada .
Henry Herbert Stevens , PC ( December 8 , 1878 -- June 14 , 1973 ) was a Canadian politician and businessman .
Han Nolan ( born August 25 , 1956 ) is an American writer of young - adult fiction .
After these two projects , Al Hurricane became the lead singer in the supergroup Bandido .
Kurt Baier ( January 26 , 1917 -- November 7 , 2010 ) was an Austrian moral philosopher who taught for most of his career in Australia and the United States .
Ivana Kiš ( born 1979 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian composer of classical music , electronic music and music theatre .
Margaret Boxall ( later Margaret Allen ) is a retired badminton player from England .
Kurt Wiese ( April 22 , 1887 -- May 27 , 1974 ) was a German - born book illustrator .
Saint Regulus or Saint Rule ( Old Irish : Riagal ) was a legendary 4th century monk or bishop of Patras , Greece who in AD 345 is said to have fled to Scotland with the bones of Saint Andrew , and deposited them at St Andrews .
Pol Le Gourrierec ( or Le Gourriérec ) was a French diplomat .
Maurice Joseph Francois Engelen ( born 7 January 1959 ) , known by his stage name Praga Khan , is a Belgian techno and , originally new beat musician .
George Charles Wallich ( 1815 - 1899 ) was a British medical doctor and marine biologist .
William S. Bishop ( ca . 1804 - June 6 , 1863 Rochester , Monroe County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Hugo Lentz ( 1859 - -1944 ) was an Austrian mechanical engineer , born in South Africa .
Srul Irving Glick , CM ( September 8 , 1934 -- April 17 , 2002 ) was a Canadian composer , radio producer , conductor , and teacher .
James D. Zirin is an American lawyer , writer and cable TV talk show host .
Aubrey Dexter ( 1898 - -1958 ) was a British stage and film actor .
Julie Weiss is a costume designer who has been nominated for two Academy Awards , Seven Emmys and one BAFTA Award .
Charles A. Becker ( February 8 , 1925 -- October 16 , 1999 ) was an American food scientist who contributed to the Institute of Food Technologists ( IFT ) .
J. Augustine DeSazilly ( fl . mid-19th century ) was a French engineer .
Valerius Cordus ( February 18 , 1515 -- September 25 , 1544 ) was a German physician and botanist who authored one of the greatest pharmacopoeias and one of the most celebrated herbals in history .
Kathleen Sloan is an American violinist based in Los Angeles , CA and a member of the Sonus Quartet .
Al Parish ( born in the late-1950s ) is a former Charleston Southern University economist , who was sentenced to federal prison after pleading guilty to financial fraud .
Milton Steinberg ( November 25 , 1903 -- March 20 , 1950 ) was an American rabbi , philosopher , theologian and author .
Natacha Bouchart ( born 29 May 1963 ) is a French politician and member of LR and formerly UMP .
Janice Jordan Shefelman is an American writer , best known for her children 's book I , Vivaldi , based upon the life of Antonio Vivaldi .
Aníbal Carrillo Iramain is a Paraguayan politician who was the presidential candidate of the Frente Guasú in the April 2013 elections .
Samuel Rexford ( October 14 , 1776 Claverack , then in Albany Co. , now in Columbia County , New York - February 24 , 1857 Lock Haven , Clinton County , Pennsylvania ) was an American politician from New York .
Samuel Miller Breckinridge Long ( May 16 , 1881 -- September 26 , 1958 ) was an American diplomat and politician who served in the administrations of Woodrow Wilson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt .
Arotxa ( Rodolfo Arotxarena Montevideo , September 7 , 1958 ) , is a Uruguayan caricaturist .
Barry Manilow ( born Barry Alan Pincus ; June 17 , 1943 ) is an American singer - songwriter and producer .
Carlo Anti ( April 28 , 1889 -- June 9 , 1961 ) was an archaeologist and an officer in the army in the First World War and until 1922 .
Fred Milano ( August 26 , 1939 -- January 1 , 2012 ) was an American doo - wop singer .
Felipe Andres Coronel ( born February 19 , 1978 ) , better known by the stage name Immortal Technique , is an American rapper and urban activist .
Lieutenant General Joseph K. Bratton ( April 4 , 1926 -- June 2 , 2007 ) was an American Army officer and nuclear engineer .
Lucrecia Guerrero is a Mexican - American novelist and short story writer whose works include Chasing Shadows ( 2000 ) and the forthcoming Tree of Sighs(2010 ) .
Mohammed Ali Ndume is a Nigerian politician who was a member of the Federal House of Representatives from 2003 to 2011 .
Joshua Spanogle is a physician and a novelist .
Cedric Lee Juan Tuck , known mostly by his stage name Big Tuck , is an American rapper from Dallas , Texas He is a member of the Dallas rap group Dirty South Rydaz .
Jeff Fosnes ( born January 16 , 1954 ) is a former basketball player from Wheat Ridge High School and Vanderbilt University .
Connie Samaras ' artistic career as a photographer and videographer has focused on feminism ( specifically second wave ) , culture , technology , sexuality and gender studies , science , and both man - made and natural environments .
H. Keith H. Brodie ( born August 24 , 1939 , New Canaan , Connecticut ) is an American psychiatrist , educator , and President Emeritus of Duke University .
Tomás Méndez ( born Tomás Méndez Sosa ; July 25 , 1927 -- June 19 , 1995 ) was a Mexican composer and singer of Mexican music and ranchera music .
Jeffrey Bowen is a songwriter and record producer , notable for his work at both Motown Records and Holland - Dozier - Holland 's Invictus and Hot Wax labels .
Major General Mamdouh Shahin is an Egyptian soldier , politician and Assistant Defense Minister for Legal and Constitutional Affairs .
James Frederick Webb Simpson ( born August 8 , 1985 ) is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour who is most notable for winning the 2012 U.S. Open .
Fiza Ali ( born in Karachi ) is Pakistani model and actress .
Giovanni Vitrotti ( 1874 - -1966 ) was an Italian cinematographer and film director who worked prolifically in Italian films from the silent era onwards .
Sheldon Glueck ( August 15 , 1896 -- March 10 , 1980 ) was a Polish - American criminologist .
Raglan Squire was a British architect known for his building designs in London and many parts of the world .
William J. Scanlan ( February 14 , 1856 - February 18 , 1898 ) was a composer and actor of musical theater .
Don Louis Agrati ( June 8 , 1944 -- June 27 , 2012 ) , better known as Don Grady , was an American actor , composer , and musician .
Satheeshan Pacheni is a politician from Kerala , India and a leader of Indian National Congress .
Frank Vertosick , Jr. is an American neurosurgeon .
Tony Papenfuss ( born March 26 , 1950 in Robbinsdale , Minnesota ) is an American television and film actor .
Father William Jurgens is an American Roman Catholic historian .
Adil Bellaz ( Arabic : عادل بلاز‎ ; born June 4 , 1981 ) is a Moroccan former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle events .
Beth Ann Bauman is an American writer of fiction based in New York .
Cristian Vogel ( born 1972 ) is an experimental electronic musician .
Roland La Starza ( May 12 , 1927 -- September 30 , 2009 ) was an American boxer and actor .
Walter Scott Law was an English - born Australian architect based in Melbourne .
Edgar Lawrence Smith , ( May 6 , 1882 -- June 19 , 1971 ) was an economist , investment manager and author of the influential book Common Stocks as Long Term Investments , which promoted the then - surprising idea that stocks excel bonds in long - term yield .
Nicolae Culianu ( August 28 , 1832 -- November 28 , 1915 ) was a Moldavian - born Romanian mathematician and astronomer .
Abraham Jekuthiel Salman ben Moses Joseph Lichtstein was the rabbi of Płońsk in the region of Warsaw , in the eighteenth century .
Werner Lassen ( born 1974 ) is an amateur Namibian golfer .
Saleel Kulkarni ( born in Pune , Maharashtra ) is a Marathi music composer , singer and author .
Otis B. Thayer ( 1862 -- August 16 , 1935 ) `` Obie , '' was an American actor , director , film producer and owner of silent era film production companies .
Lucius Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus was a Roman politician and senator in the 3rd century who served as Roman consul in 231 .
Jang Wooyoung ( Hangul : 장우영 ; Hanja : 張祐榮 , born on April 30 , 1989 ) , generally known as Wooyoung , is a South Korean singer , songwriter and actor .
Aleena Gibson ( Anna - Lena Högdahl ) , is a Swedish songwriter living in Stockholm .
Lottie Kimbrough ( 1900 -- unknown ) was an American country blues singer , who was also billed as Lottie Kimborough , Lottie Beaman , and Lena Kimbrough ( amongst several others ) .
Nikolaus Riehl ( 1901 - -1990 ) was a German industrial physicist .
Lazarre Seymour Simckes is an award - winning playwright , novelist , educator , Hebrew - English translator , and psychotherapist .
Doctor Sultan Hamid Sultan is an Afghan scholar , professor and politician .
Mousa Chegini ( Persian : موسی چگینی‎ ) is an Iranian diplomat and politician .
Peter Obst is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide and Woodville in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Olga Gnedovskaya ( Uzbek : Ольга Гнедовская ; born August 15 , 1989 ) is an Uzbek former swimmer , who specialized in backstroke events .
Baron Wilhelm von Biela ( German : Wilhelm Freiherr von Biela ; March 19 , 1782 -- February 18 , 1856 ) was a German - Austrian military officer and amateur astronomer .
Warwick Thornton is an Australian film director , screenwriter and cinematographer .
Ivan Linow , also known as Jack Linow , was a Latvian - born American wrestler , who would go on to become a character actor in American films during the silent and early sound film eras .
Ava Ohlgren ( born January 31 , 1988 ) is an American competition swimmer who has represented the United States in international events .
Ryszard Gajewski ( born October 5 , 1954 in Zakopane ) is a Polish mountaineer best known for the first winter ascent of Manaslu on January 12 , 1984 together with Maciej Berbeka .
David Canfield Smith is an American computer scientist best known for inventing computer user interface icons .
Guy Lowell ( August 6 , 1870 -- February 4 , 1927 ) , was an American architect and landscape architect .
Kensuke Shinzaki ( 新崎 健介 Shinzaki Kensuke , born December 2 , 1966 ) is a Japanese professional wrestler , better known by his stage names Jinsei Shinzaki ( 新崎 人生 Shinzaki Jinsei ) and Hakushi .
Azimi Daim is a Malaysian politician and Information Chief of the Youth wing of the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) .
Muriel Dacq ( real name Muriel Desclée de Maredsous ) is a Belgian ( Walloon ) singer - songwriter , active in the 1980s in France .
Piet Hut ( born September 26 , 1952 ) is a Dutch - American astrophysicist , who divides his time between research in computer simulations of dense stellar systems and broadly interdisciplinary collaborations , ranging from other fields in natural science to computer science , cognitive psychology and philosophy .
Oliver Lincoln Lundquist ( September 20 , 1916 -- December 28 , 2008 ) was an American architect and industrial designer who headed the team which was responsible for the design of the United Nations logo and who himself designed the Q - Tip box .
Yancey Arias ( born June 27 , 1971 ) is an American actor , perhaps most noted for his work on television crime dramas , particularly his roles as Miguel Cadena in the NBC series Kingpin and as Gabriel Williams in the FX series Thief .
Czesław Niemen ( Polish pronunciation : ( t͡ʂɛswaf ɲemɛn ) ; February 16 , 1939 -- January 17 , 2004 ) , born Czesław Juliusz Wydrzycki , was one of the most important and original Polish singer - songwriters and rock balladeers of the last quarter - century , singing mainly in Polish .
Jason Jurman ( November 6 , 1979 -- October 11 , 2014 ) was an American film , television and theater actor .
Frankie Banali ( born November 14 , 1951 ) is an American rock drummer , best known for his work with multi - platinum heavy metal band Quiet Riot .
Golam Mohammad Rabbani ( Bengali : গোলাম মোহাম্মদ রাব্বানি ; also known as Nayan Bangalee ) is a Bangladeshi lawyer , politician , Human Rights activist , founder president of Bangladesh Youth Forum .
Andrés Velasco Brañes ( born August 30 , 1960 ) is an economist and professor .
Amy Hempel ( born December 14 , 1951 ) is an American short story writer and journalist .
David Newsom ( born March 10 , 1962 ) is an American actor , producer and fine - arts photographer .
Alex Eskin ( born May 19 , 1965 ) is an American mathematician , born in the former USSR .
Victor Andres Triay ( born August 2 , 1966 ) is a Cuban American historian and writer , known for the books Fleeing Castro :
Vijay Raaz ( Hindi : विजय राज़ ) is an Indian film actor .
Michael Fielding , more commonly known as Mike Fielding , is a comedian and actor , known for his role as Naboo in the British surreal comedy The Mighty Boosh .
Mark Seif ( born October 4 , 1967 ) is an Egyptian American attorney and professional poker player .
Rufus of Ephesus ( fl . late 1st century AD ) was a Greek physician and author who wrote treatises on dietetics , pathology , anatomy , and patient care .
Kunti Moktan ( Nepali : कुन्ती मोक्तान ) is a Nepali singer .
William Sidney Pittman ( April 21 , 1875 -- March 14 , 1958 ) was an African - American architect who designed several notable buildings , such as the Zion Baptist Church and the nearby Deanwood Chess House in the Deanwood neighborhood of Washington , DC . He was the son - in - law of Booker T. Washington .
On 1 October 2012 Elliott Murphy was awarded the Medaille de Vermeil de Ville de Paris in a ceremony at Hotel de Ville presided by Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoë for recognition of his career as a musician and author .
His son , also named Charles Upham Shepard ( born in New Haven , Connecticut , 4 October 1842 ) , was also a chemist .
Douglas Malloch ( May 5 , 1877 -- July 2 , 1938 ) was an American poet , short - story writer and Associate Editor of American Lumberman , a trade paper in Chicago .
George Kirby ( June 8 , 1923 -- September 30 , 1995 ) was an American comedian , singer , and actor .
Shanice Stephens was the head women 's basketball coach at the University of North Texas .
Michael Lannan is an American screenwriter and producer , best known as a creator and producer of the HBO series Looking .
Isamu Jordan ( September 28 , 1975 -- September 5 , 2013 ) was an African American journalist , musician , and professor .
Haitham Yousif ( born Haitham Abed Yousif Sadiq , ( Arabic : هيثم عبد يوسف صادق‎ , Syriac : ܗܝܬܡ ܥܒܕ ܝܘܣܦ‎ ) , November 29 , 1969 ) is an Iraqi singer , composer and songwriter .
Sigríður Beinteinsdóttir , better known as Sigga , is an Icelandic singer who competed for her native country in the Eurovision Song Contest three times .
Joo Seong - ha ( Hangul : 주성하 ) is a journalist from North Korea who defected to South Korea in 2002 .
Earl Wright ( September 27 , 1948 to August 7 , 2013 ) was an American singer , songwriter , musician , and Vietnam veteran from Memphis , Tennessee .
Hiroaki Saiuchi ( Japanese 歳内宏明 ; born 7 July 1993 ) is a Japanese professional baseball player who currently plays for the Hanshin Tigers of Nippon Professional Baseball .
John Vincent Atanasoff ( October 4 , 1903 -- June 15 , 1995 ) was an American physicist and inventor , best known for inventing the first electronic digital computer .
Benjamin Lees ( January 8 , 1924 -- May 31 , 2010 ) was an American composer of art music .
Paul Michael Robinson ( born April 7 , 1963 ) is an American actor , photographer , producer and model .
Peter Reicher was a politician in Slovenia during the first half of the 16th century when it was under the Holy Roman Empire .
Camryn Magness ( born July 14 , 1999 ) , known publicly as Camryn , is an American pop singer and actress from Denver , Colorado .
Captain Terry Wong , a helicopter pilot with the Canadian Forces , is slated to become the next Canadian astronaut , with the private firm Canadian Arrow .
Hank Worden ( born Norton Earl Worden July 23 , 1901 -- December 6 , 1992 ) was an American cowboy - turned - character - actor who appeared in many Westerns including The Lone Ranger .
Kevin Leman ( Tucson , Arizona , USA ) is a psychologist and New York Times Bestselling Author of more than 52 books .
Greta Keller - Bacon ( February 8 , 1903 -- November 11 , 1977 ) was a cabaret singer and actress .
Harry Hurwitz ( January 27 , 1938 -- September 21 , 1995 ) was an American film director , screenwriter , actor and producer .
Benjamin Douglas ( April 3 , 1816 -- June 26 , 1894 ) was an American politician , inventor , and abolitionist who was the 30th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1861 to 1862 .
A. David Mazzone ( June 3 , 1928 -- October 25 , 2004 ) was a lawyer , Massachusetts assistant district attorney , assistant United States attorney , Massachusetts Superior court judge .
Diwa de Leon is a composer , arranger and musician based in Manila , Philippines .
Ragesh Asthana ( May 17 , 1962 -- March 20 , 2014 ) was an Indian actor who acted in several Hindi television serials such as Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo , Palampur Express , Katputli and was last seen in Gumraah on Channel V.
Dimitrie Brândză ( Romanian pronunciation : ( diˈmitri.e ˈbrɨnzə ) ; 1846 -- 1895 ) was a Romanian botanist .
Janet Akyüz Mattei ( January 2 , 1943 -- March 22 , 2004 ) was a Turkish - American astronomer who was the director of the American Association of Variable Star Observers ( AAVSO ) from 1973 to 2004 .
Yvonne Rainer ( born November 24 , 1934 ) is an American dancer , choreographer , and filmmaker , whose work in these disciplines is regarded as challenging and experimental .
Bobbie L. Sterne ( born November 27 , 1919 ) is a former American politician of the Charter Party of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Louis - Athanase David ( June 24 , 1882 -- January 26 , 1953 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician , and businessman .
Ralph H. Doxey ( born December 7 , 1950 , in Memphis , Tennessee ) , is an attorney and a Republican politician in the Mississippi Senate who represented the 2nd district which encompasses Benton , Marshall and Tippah counties from 2004 to 2008 .
Basia Lyjak is a first generation Polish - Canadian rock singer - songwriter from Toronto , Ontario .
Moisés Silva ( born September 4 , 1945 ) is a Cuban - born American biblical scholar and translator .
Lee Wei(Chinese : 李威 ) is a Taiwanese actor and singer .
Eleni Tampasi ( Greek : Ελένη Ταμπάση ; born September 18 , 1976 in Tripoli ) is a Greek judoka , who competed in the women 's half - middleweight category .
In Fischer 's words : `` C.P. - Charlie Palmieri - is dedicated to the wonderfully exciting pianist whom I have idolized for years !
Bruce T. Draine ( born November 19 , 1947 in Kolkata ) is an American astrophysicist .
Bas Kosters ( Zutphen , June 5 , 1977 ) is a Dutch fashion designer , known for his colourful designs and the use of prints .
Pete Pirsch ( born October 28 , 1969 ) is a politician from the state of Nebraska in the Midwestern United States .
James Deuter ( March 19 , 1939 -- August 29 , 2010 ) was an American actor who appeared on film and television .
Tyrell Biggs ( born December 22 , 1960 ) is an American former boxer who fought in the heavyweight division .
Michael Dante ( born Ralph Vitti ; September 2 , 1931 ) is an American award - winning actor of television , films and stage and a former professional minor league baseball player .
Andy McKenzie ( born August 16 , 1970 ) is an American politician , currently serving as mayor of Wheeling , West Virginia .
Malan Breton ( born June 16 , 1973 ) is a Taiwanese - born American fashion designer based in New York City .
Erica Lehrer is an anthropologist , curator , and academic specializing in post - Holocaust Jewish culture , museum studies , ethnography , and public scholarship .
Antônio de Carvalho Barbosa best known by the artistic name Tony Ramos ( born August 25 , 1948 ) is a Brazilian actor .
Yuja Wang ( Chinese : 王羽佳 ; pinyin : Wáng Yǔjiā ; born February 10 , 1987 ) is a Chinese classical pianist .
Juan León Mera Martínez ( June 28 , 1832 -- December 13 , 1894 ) was an Ecuadorian essayist , novelist , politician and painter .
Danielle Fernandes Dominique Schuelein - Steel ( born August 14 , 1947 ) , better known by the name Danielle Steel , is an American novelist , currently the best selling author alive and the fourth bestselling author of all time , with over 800 million copies sold .
Martin Welz is a South African journalist and the editor of Noseweek magazine .
Paul Venoit is a celebrity hair and make - up artist and television personality .
Carla Fernández Tena ( born January 29 , 1973 ) , known as Carla Fernández , is a Mexican fashion designer from Saltillo , Coahuila , based in Mexico City .
Halafta was a rabbi who lived in Sepphoris in the Galilee during the late 1st and early 2nd century CE . He was the father of Jose ben Halafta , and one of the latter 's teachers of halakha .
Louis - Joseph d'Herbomez ( January 17 , 1822 -- June 3 , 1890 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest , Vicar Apostolic of British Columbia , and Titular Bishop of Miletopolis from 1863 to 1890 .
Maurice Koechlin ( March 8 , 1856 -- January 14 , 1946 ) was a Swiss structural engineer from the Koechlin family .
Nancy Willard ( born June 26 , 1936 ) is an American writer : novelist , poet , author and occasional illustrator of children 's books .
Riccardo Mannelli ( born 20 January 1955 ) , is an Italian artist and illustrator .
George Dickerson ( July 25 , 1933 -- January 10 , 2015 ) was an American actor , writer , and poet .
André Bonzel is a Belgian film director , screenwriter and producer .
Ross Upshur , FRCPC , is a Canadian physician and researcher .
Rana Husseini is an award - winning journalist and human rights activist who , from her home base in Jordan , has been instrumental in bringing the issue of honour crimes against women to public attention and for securing changes to the law in Jordan to bring stronger penalties for crimes of these types .
Arnie Zane ( September 26 , 1948 -- March 30 , 1988 ) was an American photographer , choreographer , and dancer .
Mario Preskar ( born January 12 , 1984 ) is a former Croatian professional heavyweight boxer .
Claudette Peters , OH ( born 9 August 1979 ) is an Antiguan soca and soul singer - songwriter .
Cheryl Angear is an accredited British journalist writing in print media ( specialist dance press and mainstream media ) .
Hong Chen ( Chinese : 洪辰 , also known as Cindy Hong ) is a Chinese singer who finished as the runner - up in 2011 Super Girl television singing contest .
Essays and Conversations ' Interviews and Encounters with Stanley Kunitz ( Riverdale - on - Hudson , NY : The Sheep Meadow Press , 1995 ) , Edited by Stanley Moss As editor , translator , or co - translator :
Ingus Baušķenieks ( born December 30 , 1956 ) is a Latvian musician known as a member of Dzeltenie Pastnieki and as a solo artist .
Nick Varner ( born May 15 , 1948 in Owensboro , Kentucky ) is an American pool player and was inducted into the Billiard Congress of America in 1992 .
Bernd Eichwurzel ( born October 25 , 1964 in Oranienburg , Brandenburg ) is a rower who competed for the SG Dynamo Potsdam/ Sportvereinigung ( SV ) Dynamo .
Dana Adam Shapiro is an American film director , best known for his directorial work on the 2006 Academy Award - nominated documentary Murderball .
Deborah Copaken ( born March 11 , 1966 ) is an American author and photojournalist .
Gregg Sulkin ( /ˈsʌlkɪn/ ; born 29 May 1992 ) is an English actor .
Giovita Brescianino ( also called Giovita da Brescia or simply Brescianino after his native town ) was an Italian painter and a pupil of Lattanzio Gambara .
Konstantinos Tsatsos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Τσάτσος ; July 1 , 1899 -- October 8 , 1987 ) was a revered Greek diplomat , professor of law , scholar and politician .
Austin MacDonald ( born July 17 , 1995 ) is a Canadian teen actor , best known for his role as Roger in 2008 film Kit Kittredge :
Farhad Sepahbody ( August 20 , 1929 -- April 6 , 2014 ) was an Iranian exile and career diplomat .
João da Cruz e Sousa ( November 24 , 1861 -- March 19 , 1898 ) was a Brazilian poet and journalist , famous for being one of the first Brazilian Symbolist poets ever .
Jamie Kleinsteuber ( born 1976 ) is a Canadian politician who was elected in the Alberta general election , 2015 to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta , representing the electoral district of Calgary - Northern Hills .
Anjali Marathe is an Indian playback singer and Hindustani vocalist .
Barry Schwabsky ( b. Paterson , New Jersey ) is an American art critic , art historian and poet .
Mark Montano is an American interior designer , artist , writer , and TV personality .
Marcia Talley ( born April 12 , 1943 ) is an award - winning mystery novelist , author of the Hannah Ives mystery series , two collaborative novels , and numerous short stories .
Loveleen Tandan is an Indian film director and casting director .
Fayza Ahmed ( Arabic:فايزة أحمد ) ( December 5 , 1934 -- September 24 , 1983 ) was an Arab Syrian - Egyptian singer and actress .
Jerry Bilik ( b. New Rochelle , New York , United States , October 7 , 1933 ) is an American composer , arranger , songwriter , conductor , and director of stage productions .
Daniel Ramada ( born September 16 , 1950 ) is a Uruguayan theologian and diplomat .
Saint Nectarius of Auvergne ( also known as Nectarius of St - Nectaire , Nectarius of Limagne , Necterius of Senneterre ) ( French : Nectaire ) is venerated as a 4th - century martyr and Christian missionary .
Aylin Nazlıaka ( * 1968 in Ankara ) is a Turkish politician .
Carol Ann Abrams ( née Kelvin ; September 23 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2012 ) was an American television and film producer , author and academic .
Arie Shapira ( Hebrew : אריה שפירא ; born in Afikim November 29 , 1943 ) is a noted Israeli composer and music researcher .
Robert Schuster ( born February 3 , 1970 in Meißen ) is a German stage director and drama school teacher .
Linda Ellerbee ( born August 15 , 1944 ) is an American journalist who is most known for several jobs at NBC News , including Washington , D.C. correspondent , and also as host of the Nickelodeon network 's Nick News with Linda Ellerbee .
Meanwhile , Jobriath declared himself `` rock 's truest fairy '' , a comment that did little to increase his popularity at the time but has since confirmed his status as the first openly gay rock singer to be signed to a major record label .
Scott McNeil ( born September 15 , 1962 ) is an Australian - born Canadian actor and voice actor .
Rod Cedaro is a professional coach and triathlete , primarily competing in long distance events .
Benjamin T. Orifici is an American film director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor .
Ellen Goodman ( née Holtz ; born April 11 , 1941 ) is an American journalist and syndicated columnist who won a Pulitzer Prize in 1980 .
Gisela Mosig ( November 29 , 1930 -- January 12 , 2003 ) was a molecular biologist best known for her work with enterobacteria phage T4 .
Abdul Hai Neamati is a politician in Afghanistan who served as the first Governor of Farah Province after the Taliban government was ousted in late 2001 .
Khalid Raad ( Arabic : خالد رعد‎ ) is a Syrian liberal economist , technocrat and former deputy prime minister , who was in charge of economic affairs .
Jakob ben Chajim ( died 1574 ) was a rabbi in Worms , and appointed by Emperor Ferdinand I as Reichsrabbiner ( Rabbi of the Empire ) of the Holy Roman Empire in 1559 .
Marvin Jay Marquez Cuyugan , better known by his stage name , Marvin Agustin , ( born January 29 , 1979 ) is a Filipino actor and entrepreneur .
Rod Peate is a poker player from Portland , Oregon In the 1983 World Series of Poker , Peate finished runner - up to Tom McEvoy in the Main Event .
Bob Truel is a computer programmer .
Omar Majeed is a Pakistani Canadian film director and producer who studied cinema at York University Film School and later on studied editing at the International Academy of Design in Toronto .
Clifton Beverly Briley ( January 11 , 1914 -- September 14 , 1980 ) was an American attorney and politician , the first mayor of the newly consolidated metropolitan government of Nashville and Davidson County in Tennessee .
Nirvan Mullick ( born April 8 , 1975 ) is a Los Angeles - based filmmaker , writer , speaker , stop motion animator , and founder of the Imagination Foundation .
Thom Monahan is a producer / engineer and musician who is best known for his work with the bands Pernice Brothers and Vetiver .
Dan Dawson ( born December 11 , 1981 in Oakville , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player who plays for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League , Brampton Excelsiors ( MSL ) of Major Series Lacrosse , and is currently a free agent in Major League Lacrosse .
Russell S. Kokubun ( born 1948 ) , is a Democratic politician who became a member and Vice President of the Hawaii Senate .
Robert Jacks ( born 1943 , died 2014 ) is an Australian painter , sculptor and printmaker .
Emil Ludwig Schmidt ( April 7 , 1837 -- October 22 , 1906 ) was a German anthropologist and ethnologist born in of Upper Eichstätt .
Margaret Helfand ( June 26 , 1947 -- June 20 , 2007 ) was a Manhattan - based New York architect and urban planner who served as president of the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects .
David Riches is a rower who participated in the 1986 Commonwealth Games , where he won a bronze medal with Ewan Pearson in the men 's coxless pairs .
Kurt Uenala , also known as Kap10Kurt , is a Swiss bassist , programmer , sound engineer , mixer , vocalist and producer who has worked with Moby , Sara Bareilles , Depeche Mode , Soulsavers , Black Ryder and others .
Alexandru Kirițescu ( March 28 , 1888 -- April 9 , 1961 ) was a Romanian playwright and journalist , best known for his 1929 play Gaiţele ( `` The Magpies '' ) , also called Cuibul de viespi ( `` The Wasps ' Nest '' ) .
Harry Hoogstraal ( born in Chicago , Illinois , February 24 , 1917 , died in Cairo , Egypt , on his 69th birthday , February 24 , 1986 ) was an American entomologist and parasitologist .
Yutaka Yokokura is a Japanese pianist , keyboardist , kotoist , arranger and composer .
Saint `` Amphibalus '' is venerated as the early Christian priest who converted Saint Alban to Christianity .
Edward di Lorenzo is a screenwriter with a cult following among fans of Gerry Anderson 's science fiction TV series Space : 1999 .
Christine A. Varney is an American lawyer , lobbyist , and internet policy and antitrust expert who is most widely known as a former U.S. Assistant Attorney General for the Antitrust Division for the Obama Administration and as a Federal Trade Commissioner for the Clinton Administration .
Cusi Cram ( born September 22 , 1967 ) is an American playwright , screenwriter , actress , and model .
Lish McBride is an American writer of urban fantasy .
Martine Locke is an Australian singer / songwriter / guitarist .
Samuel Ames ( June 29 , 1824 in Champlain , Clinton County , New York -- July 4 , 1875 in Keeseville , Essex County , New York ) was an American lawyer , banker and politician from New York .
Valgerður Gunnarsdóttir is an Icelandic politician , a member of the Icelandic parliament , and the former headmaster of Laugar Junior College .
Ramaiyengar Sridharan is a mathematician at Chennai Mathematical Institute , formerly at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research ( TIFR ) .
Lee Lozano ( November 5 , 1930 -- October 2 , 1999 ) was an American painter , and visual and conceptual artist .
Pedro Juan Pou Hermoso ( born February 22 , 1992 ) , better known by his stage name Peter Pou , is a dance singer signed to the Spanish record label , Blanco y Negro Music .
Séraphine Louis , known as Séraphine de Senlis ( Séraphine of Senlis ) ( 1864 - -1942 ) , was a French painter in the naïve style .
Gershom Bulkeley was a Christian minister and physician from the town of Wethersfield , Connecticut .
Robert L. Peters is a Canadian graphics designer and industrial designer .
Marcelo Ostria Trigo ( born February 23 , 1935 ) , is a Bolivian attorney , government official , diplomat , university professor , columnist and author .
Nadim Karam ( Arabic : نديم كرم ) ; ( born 1957 - ) is a multidisciplinary Lebanese artist , painter , sculptor and architect who fuses his artistic output of sculpture , painting , drawing with his background in architecture to create large - scale urban art projects in different cities of the world .
Joyce Carlson ( March 16 , 1923 -- January 2 , 2008 ) was an American artist and designer credited with creating the idyllic universe of singing children at `` It 's a Small World '' rides at Walt Disney theme parks around the world .
Isaac Bradford ( November 15 , 1834 - December 19 , 1898 ) was a Massachusetts mathematician and politician who served as the seventeenth Mayor of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Pablo DT Valenzuela ( born June 13 , 1941 ) is a Chilean biochemist dedicated to biotechnology development .
Constance Yu - Hwa Chung Povich ( Chinese : 宗毓華 ; pinyin : Zōng Yùhuá ; Cantonese Yale : Jung Yukwa ; Hebrew : קוני צ'ונג‎‎ ; born August 20 , 1946 ) , known as Connie Chung , is an American journalist .
Klaudia Schifferle ( born September 27 , 1955 ) is a Swiss painter and musician .
Deon Cole is an American actor , comedian , and comedy writer .
Mohamed Riaz Farcy is a former cricketer from Hong Kong .
Narendra Kumar Padarath is a Fiji Indian politician who won the Ba West Indian Communal Constituency for the Labour Party in 2006 general election .
Martin Karl Sandberg ( born February 26 , 1971 ) , known professionally as Max Martin , is a Swedish music producer and songwriter .
Merry Anders ( May 22 , 1932 -- October 28 , 2012 ) was an American stage , film and television actress and model who appeared in a number of television programs and films from the 1950s until her retirement from the screen in 1972 .
Stuart Bingham ( born 21 May 1976 ) is an English professional snooker player and the reigning World Snooker Champion .
Peter Frans Casteels ( Name variations : Pedro - Franciscus Casteels , Peeter - Fransiscus Casteels , Peeter - Franchois Casteels ) ( fl . 1673 - -1700 ) was a Flemish painter , who was active in Antwerp from 1660 ( or 1690 ) to 1698 .
James J. Barry , Jr. ( born November 5 , 1946 in Orange , New Jersey ) is an American Republican politician from New Jersey .
Veno Taufer ( born 19 February 1933 ) is a Slovenian poet , essayist , translator and playwright .
Richard Saul Wurman ( born March 26 , 1935 ) is an American architect and graphic designer .
Paul Johnson Calderon is an American writer , socialite , heir , television personality , artist , former fashion stylist , and active columnist known for starring alongside Tinsley Mortimer in The CW 's television series High Society .
Yehudit Ravitz ( Hebrew : יהודית רביץ‎ ; born December 29 , 1956 ) is an Israeli singer - songwriter , composer and music producer .
Jason DeWitt ( born in Mishawaka , Indiana ) is a professional poker player from Granger , Indiana who won the 2010 World Series of Poker $ 5,000 No Limit Hold'em event .
Mark D. Ferguson is a Scottish film director , screenwriter and camera operator .
Jutta Hipp ( February 4 , 1925 -- April 7 , 2003 ) was a jazz pianist and composer who also had some success as a painter .
Jeremy Kittel ( Jeremy David Kittel , born 26 April 1984 ) is a contemporary American musician and composer .
Rozy Munir ( April 16 , 1943 -- February 22 , 2010 ) was an Indonesian politician , diplomat and leading figure in Nahdlatul Ulama , the largest Muslim organization in the country .
Lowndes Henry Davis ( December 13 , 1836 -- February 4 , 1920 ) was an American politician who served the state of Missouri in the U.S. House of Representatives between 1879 and 1885 .
Seth Grahame - Smith ( born Seth Jared Greenberg ; January 4 , 1976 ) is an American best - selling author , screenwriter , and producer of film and television .
William Dear ( born 30 November 1943 ) is a film director , producer and screenwriter known for directing Harry and the Hendersons , If Looks Could Kill , Angels in the Outfield , Wild America and Santa Who ? .
Bill Anschell is a jazz pianist and composer .
Pier Francesco d'Jacopo di Domenico Toschi ( died September 17 , 1567 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period .
Sheikh Hussein Ali al - Shaalan is an Iraqi politician and tribal leader .
Yolanda del Río ( born Yolanda Jaen López on May 27 , 1955 in Ixmiquilpan , Hidalgo ) is a Mexican film actress and ranchera singer .
Peter Mygind ( born August 28 , 1963 in Frederiksberg ) is a Danish actor and television personality .
Mark Hessburg ( born July 6 , 1970 ) is a German musician , movie sound design artist and developer of Apps for the iPhone .
Dancer and choreographer Ronald K. Brown founded the dance company Evidence in New York in 1985 .
Rodolfo Mederos ( born March 25 , 1940 ) is an Argentine bandoneonist , composer and arranger .
Zora G. Clevenger ( December 12 , 1881 -- November 24 , 1970 ) was an American football , basketball , and baseball player , coach , and pioneering athletic director .
Giuseppe Sciortino is a lawyer and political activist in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Brian Passmore ( born April 27 , 1980 in Mississauga , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who last played for the Oklahoma City Blazers of the CHL .
Vijay Adhiraj is an Indian actor who has appeared in Tamil films and serials .
Daniel P. Gordon , Jr. ( born May 12 , 1969 ) is an American politician and construction contractor .
Siu Ta is a Vietnamese - Canadian actress and independent short film producer .
Dean Allemang is a computer scientist known for his work on the semantic web .
Justin Bonomo ( born September 30 , 1985 ) ( known online as ZeeJustin ) is an American professional poker player who was a sponsored member of Team Bodog until January 2010 .
Don Franklin ( born December 14 , 1960 ) is an American actor , best known for his roles in seaQuest DSV as Commander Jonathan Ford , Seven Days as Captain Craig Donovan , and as one of The Young Riders ( Noah Dixon ) .
Mark Sinnett is a Canadian poet , novelist and short story writer .
Morten Levin ( born 1946 ) is a Norwegian sociologist and Professor of Organization and Work Science at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) .
Joseph Octave Delepierre ( 12 March 1802 -- 18 August 1879 ) was a Belgian lawyer , archivist , diplomat , author and antiquary .
William S. Yellow Robe , Jr. ( born February 4 , 1950 ) is an Assiniboine actor , author , director , educator , playwright , and poet .
Adamee Komoartok is a Canadian politician , who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Pangnirtung in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election .
Esao Andrews is an American painter , working with oil on wood panels .
Rogers Masson ( born October 8 , 1968 ) is an American record producer , engineer , mixer , and songwriter .
Moses ole Sakuda is a Kenyan politician who was elected Member of Parliament for Kajiado North Constituency on a TNA ticket in a by - election in September 2012 .
Damjan Ljubibratić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дамјан Љубибратић ) , known as Damjan the Serb ( Дамјан Србин ) was a Serbian Orthodox monk and diplomat , the secretary of Patriarch Jovan Kantul ( s. 1592 - -1614 ) .
Erik Pema Kunsang ( born Erik Hein Schmidt ) is a Danish translator and was , along with Marcia Binder Schmidt , director of Rangjung Yeshe Translations and Publications in Kathmandu .
Omkar Markam is a politician from Madhya Pradesh . He is a member of Indian National Congress . He won the Legislative Assembly elections from Madhya Pradesh in 2013 .
Edward Scott Rigell ( born May 28 , 1960 ) is an American businessman , car dealer and politician who has been the U.S. Representative for Virginia 's 2nd congressional district since 2011 -- and has announced he will not run for re - election in 2016 .
Leng Mei ( Chinese : 冷枚 ; pinyin : Lěng Méi ; Wade -- Giles : Leng Mei ) , a native of Jiaozhou , Shangdong province , was a Qing Dynasty Chinese painter , active 1677 - 1742 ( his specific years of birth and death are not known ) .
Mike Craver is an American composer and lyricist .
Joan Szymko ( born 1957 ) is an American choral conductor , music educator and composer .
Tariq al - Hashimi ( Arabic : طارق الهاشمي‎ Țāriq al - Hāshamī ; born 1942 ) is an Iraqi politician who served as the general secretary of the Iraqi Islamic Party ( IIP ) until May 2009 .
Christie MacDonald ( February 28 , 1875 - - July 25 , 1962 ) was a Canadian - born American musical comedy actress and opera singer .
Alexandros Chapsiadis ( Greek : Δρ. Αλέξανδρος Χαψιάδης , 1946 - -1992 ) was a mathematician and physicist .
Paul - François Huart - Chapel was a Belgian industrialist , and politician .
Pak Jong - ran ( Korean : 박정란 ; born March 24 , 1966 ) is a North Korean sport shooter .
Craig Fairbaugh ( born March 11 , 1978 ) is an American musician , singer and songwriter who is best known for playing with the rock band + 44 ( pronounced `` plus forty - four '' ) .
Kayvan Mirhadi ( also spelled `` Keyvan Mirhadi '' Persian : کیوان میرهادی‎ , born June 8 , 1960 ) is an Iranian composer , conductor , and guitarist .
Gordon Peterson is an American broadcast journalist and Washington , D.C .- based television news anchor .
Elaine May ( born April 21 , 1932 ) is an American screenwriter , film director , actress , and comedian .
Jim Lunsford is an actor replaced Darrell Thomas Utley to play Benjy Hawk on Days of Our Lives in November 2006 .
Tarik Samarah is a Bosnian photographer who works in artistic and documentary photography .
Arnoldo Torres is a journalist , consultant , partner in the Sacramento , California based public policy consulting firm Torres & Torres , and the executive director for the California Hispanic Health Care Association .
Ramona Maria Ciobanu ( born September 4 , 1984 ) is a Romanian platform diver .
Sameer Reddy is an Indian film cinematographer who works with Hindi and Telugu films .
Bob Dishy ( born January 12 , 1934 ) is an American actor of stage , film , and television .
Jenifer McKitrick ( born May 5 , 1962 in Defiance , Ohio ) is a songwriter .
Andrzej Ancuta ( Belarusian : Андрэй Анцута ; 1919 - -2009 ) was a Polish cinematographer .
Opika von Méray Horváth ( December 30 , 1889 -- April 25 , 1977 ) , aka Zsófia Méray - Horváth , was a Hungarian figure skater .
In 2010 , Sandeepa Dhar made her cinematic debut in Rajshri Production 's Hindi film Isi Life Mein opposite actor Akshay Oberoi .
Dawn Powell ( November 28 , 1896 -- November 14 , 1965 ) was an American writer of novels and stories .
O. Abdurahman is a prominent Indian journalist , and respected author from Kerala .
Donald Rubinstein ( b. February 19 , 1952 in Brooklyn , New York ) is a film composer , singer / songwriter and multi - media artist who is best known for his scoring collaborations with George A. Romero and Avant - garde jazz / rock collaborations with such musicians as Bill Frisell , Emil Richards and Wayne Horvitz .
Moses Kimball ( October 24 , 1809 -- February 21 , 1895 ) was a US politician and showman .
Giuseppe Pirovani ( c. 1755-c . 1835 ) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassic period , mainly active in Brescia .
Geoff LaTulippe is an American screenwriter and film director best known as the writer of the 2010 film Going the Distance .
Neal Hendel ( Hebrew : ניל הנדל‎ b. 27 April 1952 ) is a judge on the Supreme Court of Israel .
Jacqueline Foster ( née Jacqueline Renshaw ) is a British Conservative politician and a Member of the European Parliament for the North West England region .
Varapatsorn Radarong ( Thai : วรภัสสร รดารงค์ ) ( born 20 March 1988 ) is a Thai beach volleyball player .
Buffy Lawson is an American country music singer formerly part of the music duo Bomshel .
Noah Lewis ( September 3 , 1890 or 1895 -- February 7 , 1961 ) was an American jug band and country blues musician , generally known for playing the harmonica .
Kenroy Williams ( Kenroy Da Costa Williams born August 9 , 1984 ) is a cricketer who has represented the West Indies .
Lennart Poettering ( born October 15 , 1980 ) is a German computer free software programmer known for his work on PulseAudio , a sound server , systemd , a replacement for the System V init daemon , and Avahi , an implementation of the zeroconf protocol for network device discovery .
Henry O'Neill ( August 10 , 1891 -- May 18 , 1961 ) was an American film actor known for playing gray - haired fathers , lawyers , and similarly dignified roles during the 1930s and 1940s .
Harold G. Nelson ( born 1943 ) is an American architect , consultant and former Nierenberg Distinguished Professor of Design in the School of Design at Carnegie Mellon University .
Duane Laflin is a noted magician , teacher and innovator .
André Wohllebe ( January 9 , 1962 -- December 29 , 2014 ) was an East German - German sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s .
Slavko Avsenik , Jr. ( Slovene : Slavko Avsenik mlajši ) ( April 19 , 1958 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian composer and pianist .
Simon Lowe is a British actor who , amongst other British titles , has played series regulars in Bodies ( Dr. Tim Sibley ) and The Grimleys ( Shane Titley ) both of which were written by Jed Mercurio .
Ernest Petrič ( 1936 ) is Slovenian judge , jurist , professor , and diplomat .
George H. Nash ( born April 1 , 1945 ) is an American historian and interpreter of American conservatism .
Charles Michael Alexis Sola ( born as Carlo Michele Alessio Sola , mostly known as `` C.M. Sola '' ) ( 6 June 1786 -- 21 January 1857 ) was an Italian guitarist , flutist and composer , active in England after 1817 .
Charles T. Scowen was a British photographer during the nineteenth century .
Allan Ackerman is an American magician who specializes in sleight of hand magic with playing cards .
Leonard Padilla is a bounty hunter located in Sacramento , California , and in business since 1975 .
Sylvan Richardson is a British guitarist , composer and masseur .
Debbie Millman is an American writer , educator , artist , and designer who is perhaps best known as the host of the Design Observer podcast ' Design Matters ' .
Myles Dungan is an Irish broadcaster and author .
Dietmar Wolter ( born September 27 , 1941 in Klosterbrueck ) is a German surgeon , inventor and entrepreneur .
Joseph H. Lewis ( April 6 , 1907 -- August 30 , 2000 ) was an American B - movie film director whose stylish flourishes came to be appreciated by auteur theory - espousing film critics in the years following his retirement in 1966 .
Amy Tan ( born February 19 , 1952 ) is an American writer whose works explore mother - daughter relationships and the Chinese - American experience .
Mary Martha Corinne Morrison Claiborne Roberts ( née Boggs ; born December 27 , 1943 ) , best known as Cokie Roberts , is an American journalist and author .
Nick Logan is an English journalist and magazine editor born in Lincoln in 1947 .
Ruben Hakhverdyan ( Armenian : Ռուբեն Հախվերդյան ) is a popular Armenian poet , guitarist , singer , songwriter , and lyricist .
Sharon Mascall ( also known as Sharon Mascall - Dare ) is a journalist , broadcaster and writer based in Adelaide , South Australia .
Richie Webb is an award - winning British comedy writer , actor and composer .
Edwin Willits ( also Willets ) ( April 24 , 1830 -- October 22 , 1896 ) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Nina Simone Vidal ( born April 20 ) , is an American singer - songwriter and pianist known best by her stage name , Nina Vidal .
Tasha Holiday is a contemporary R&B singer who was signed to MCA Records in the 1990s .
Art D'Lugoff ( August 2 , 1924 - November 4 , 2009 ) was an American jazz impresario .
Patrick Scherberger is an American comic book penciller , known for his work on the book Marvel Adventures :
Larry Reilly was a former Gaelic football player for Cavan .
Said Jama Mohamed ( Somali : Saciid Jaamac Maxamed , Arabic : وقال جامع محمد‎ ) , also known as Said Qorshel , is a Somali politician .
Borden Chase and wife Lee Keith had two children : a daughter , Barrie Chase , a now retired actress and dancer , and a son Frank , a screenwriter .
Paul Alan Partain ( November 22 , 1946 -- January 28 , 2005 ) billed professionally as Paul A. Partain was an American actor , perhaps best known for his role in the original The Texas Chain Saw Massacre ( 1974 ) as the handicapped wheel - chair bound Franklin Hardesty .
Alexa Weber Morales is a Grammy Award - winning salsa jazz singer - songwriter noted for `` her flamboyantly multilingual repertoire '' and based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Rick Altergott is a professional illustrator and cartoonist , residing in Pawtucket , Rhode Island , with his wife , fellow cartoonist Ariel Bordeaux .
Steve Somers ( born April 17 , 1947 ) is an American talk radio host best known for his work on the New York City sports radio station WFAN ( 660 AM ) .
Gary Wozniak ( born November 27 , 1987 ) is an American skeleton racer who won the gold medal at the 2012 Empire State Games in Lake Placid , NY .
You Young ( born May 27 , 2004 ) is a South Korean figure skater .
M. Tamilkudimagan was an Indian politician and Member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly .
Eva Narcissus Boyd ( June 29 , 1943 -- April 10 , 2003 ) , known by the stage name of Little Eva , was an American pop singer .
Lucy Somerville Howorth ( July 1 , 1895 -- August 24 , 1997 ) was an American lawyer , feminist and politician .
Vitín Avilés ( Mayagüez , Puerto Rico September 30 , 1930 -- New York , New York , January 1 , 2004 ) was a Puerto Rican singer , who in the 1940s and 1950s often went unnoticed , even though he was among Latin music 's five most popular band singers during the period .
Susie Castillo ( born October 27 , 1979 ) is an American actress , model , TV Host and beauty pageant titleholder who held the Miss USA title and competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe pageants .
Ephraim Engleman ( March 24 , 1911 -- September 2 , 2015 ) was an American rheumatologist and a Clinical Professor of Medicine at the University of California , San Francisco ( UCSF ) .
RoseAnna Schick is an entertainment publicist based in Winnipeg , Canada .
Grigol Lordkipanidze ( Georgian : გრიგოლ ლორთქიფანიძე ) ( September 2 , 1881- September 2 , 1937 ) was a Georgian politician and author .
Frances Kroll Ring ( May 17 , 1916 -- June 18 , 2015 ) was the last secretary and personal assistant to F. Scott Fitzgerald before his death .
Crystal Webster ( born Crystal Rumberg on February 26 , 1975 ) is a Canadian curler from Calgary , Alberta .
Sanzi ( simplified Chinese : 散子 ) , born in 1965 in Yangzhou , Jiangsu with the name Wang Xiaolong , is a widely recognized contemporary Chinese painter and designer .
Carolyn Davidson is a graphic designer best known for designing the Nike `` swoosh '' logo .
İlhan Mimaroğlu ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈilhan mimaɾˈoːɫu ) , March 11 , 1926 -- July 17 , 2012 ) was a musician and electronic music composer .
Dr. Subhash Saini is a senior computer scientist at NASA Ames Research Center .
Muhammad Ibn Wasi ' Al - Azdi ( d.ca.744 or 751 ) was a tabi'i Islamic scholar of hadith , judge , and soldier who was noted for his asceticism ( zuhd ) .
Bill Ratner ( born February 25 , 1947 ) is an American published author , voice actor , and solo performance artist .
Martin Feinberg is an American chemical engineer and mathematician known for his work in chemical reaction network theory .
Vikas Swarup is an Indian writer and diplomat who is best known as the author of the novel Q & A , adapted in film as Slumdog Millionaire , the winner of Best Film for the year 2009 at the Academy Awards , Golden Globe Awards and BAFTA Awards .
Thomas Holley Chivers ( October 18 , 1809 -- December 18 , 1858 ) was an American doctor - turned - poet from the state of Georgia .
Uzal Girard Ent was an American Army Air Forces officer who served as the commander of the Second Air Force during World War II .
Nicole Holofcener ( born March 22 , 1960 ) is an American film and television director and screenwriter .
György Galántai ( born June 17 , 1941 ) is a Hungarian neo - avant - garde and fluxus artist , organizer of the events of the Chapel Studio in Balatonboglár which run from 1970 to 1973 and founder of the Artpool Art Research Center Budapest .
Donna Laframboise is a Canadian investigative journalist , writer , and photographer .
William Turner Coggeshall ( 1824 - 1867 ) was a publisher , librarian , and ambassador .
Lori Barth is an American songwriter who has written many popular songs , as well as a recording artist , record producer , journalist , and the Senior Editor of The Score for The Society of Composers & Lyricists .
Joe Nicolo is a record producer , engineer , and owner of a recording studio and a record company .
Jyotipriya Mallick is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Food & Supplies in the Government of West Bengal .
Reuben Booth ( November 26 , 1794 -- August 14 , 1848 ) was an American politician and lawyer and the 18th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1844 to 1846 .
Echo Heron , born Echo Ruah Salato in Scotia , New York is the New York Times bestselling author of fiction , non - fiction , mysteries and historical fiction , and a former registered nurse .
( Charles ) David Throsby AO is an Australian economist , especially well known as a cultural economist .
Nathaniel J. McFadden ( born August 3 , 1946 ) is an American politician who represents district 45 in the Maryland State Senate and is the Senate 's president pro tem .
Dénes Kemény ( born June 14 , 1954 in Budapest ) is a former Hungarian water polo player who was the trainer and president of the Hungarian National Men Water Polo Team from 1997 to 2012 .
Horace Mitchell Miner ( born May 26 , 1912 , in St. Paul , Minnesota- died November 26 , 1993 ) was an anthropologist , particularly interested in those languages of his time that were still closely tied to the earth and agricultural practices .
Zsuzsa Budavari - Novak ( born 1978 ) in Kecskemét ) is a Hungarian conductor and current leader of the Maribor Academic Choir in Slovenia .
Pat Proft is an American comedy writer and actor .
Arthur Pap ( October 1 , 1921 , Zürich - September 7 , 1959 , New Haven ) was a philosopher in the school of analytic philosophy .
Frank Sauerbrey is an East German former ski jumper who competed from 1984 to 1986 .
Randy Daniels ( born 1950 ) is an American journalist and educator who served as Secretary of State of New York from 2001 to 2005 .
Igor Kurjački ( Игор Курјачки ) is a Serbian politician and former regional agriculture secretary .
Marcellus Coffermans ( 1520 -- 1578 ) , was a Flemish renaissance painter .
Tibor Živković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тибор Живковић ; March 11 , 1966 -- March 26 , 2013 ) was a Serbian historian who mostly studied Serbian history in the Early Middle Ages .
Mildred Ames ( November 2 , 1919 -- July 20 , 1994 ) was a US writer of children 's literature , for older children , and some science fiction .
Ana Beatriz Francisco das Chagas also known as Bia ( born October 18 , 1971 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian volleyball player .
Pieter Goemans was a Dutch composer , probably best known for having written the classic song `` Aan de Amsterdamse grachten '' .
Seymour Lubetzky ( April 28 , 1898 -- April 5 , 2003 ) was a major cataloging theorist and a prominent librarian .
Maureen Fitch is a plant physiologist who works for the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Hawaii Agricultural Research center .
Eliseo Alberto de Diego García Marruz ( September 10 , 1951 -- July 31 , 2011 ) was a Cuban - born Mexican writer , novelist , essayist and journalist .
Bibb Latané ( born July 19 , 1937 ) is a United States social psychologist .
The Rohan Master is the name given to an anonymous French book illuminator active in the first half of the 15th century , after his main work , the Rohan Hours .
Ian Agol ( born May 13 , 1970 ) is an American mathematician who deals primarily with the topology of three - dimensional manifolds .
Julius Eckhardt Raht ( June 26 , 1826 - August 15 , 1879 ) was a mining engineer , entrepreneur , and businessman who pioneered the mining and smelting of copper in Eastern Tennessee and reputedly became the richest man in the state .
Frank Daniel Mongiardo ( born July 4 , 1960 ) is an American physician and politician from Kentucky .
Ossie Davis ( born Raiford Chatman Davis ; December 18 , 1917 -- February 4 , 2005 ) was an American film , television and Broadway actor , director , poet , playwright , author , and social activist .
Brenda Hutchinson is a composer and sound artist who has developed a body of work based on a perspective about interacting with the public and non - artists through personal , reciprocal engagement with listening and sounding .
Michael Ratu is a professional rugby league player .
Former fashion model and air hostess of the presidential Angolan aeroplane , Ana Paula dos Santos knew her husband during the time in which she was working on presidential flights .
Todd Carey is an American musician and singer - songwriter , from Winnetka , Illinois known for his hit song Nintendo .
Petra Feriancova is a Slovak contemporary artist , writer and curator .
Henry Muganwa Kajura , commonly known as Henry Kajura is a Ugandan administrator and politician .
Edward Wheeler Scripture ( May 21 , 1864 -- July 31 , 1945 ) was an American physician and psychologist .
Norman Burton ( December 5 , 1923 - November 29 , 2003 ) , occasionally credited as Normann Burton , was an American film and television actor .
H. C. Westermann ( Horace Clifford `` Cliff '' Westermann ) ( December 11 , 1922 -- November 3 , 1981 ) was an American printmaker and sculptor whose art constituted a scathing commentary on militarism and materialism .
Don Sparrow is an illustrator , writer , and artist born in Canada .
William K. McBride , was a prominent physician and politician from Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
Daryl L. Cameron ( born July 10 , 1957 , in Chicago , Illinois ) , better known as Captain Sky , is an American musician and singer .
Hilma Contreras Castillo ( December 8 , 1913 -- January 15 , 2006 ) was a Dominican writer , born in San Francisco de Macorís .
Paula Goodspeed ( July 4 , 1978 -- November 11 , 2008 ) was an American reality TV show contestant and singer best known for her season 5 audition on American Idol .
Blake Fleming is a drummer known for his involvement with several influential experimental bands .
Gabriel Dell ( October 8 , 1919 -- July 3 , 1988 ) was an American actor and one of the members of what came to be known as the Dead End Kids / East Side Kids / The Bowery Boys .
Octavian Nemescu ( born March 29 , 1940 , Paşcani ) is a Romanian composer of orchestral , chamber , choral , electroacoustic , multimedia , metamusic , imaginary , and ritual works that have been heard throughout Europe and elsewhere .
Catherine Selden ( dates not known ) was a Gothic novelist of the early 19th century .
John Peltz ( April 23 , 1861 -- February 27 , 1906 ) was a professional baseball player in the 19th century .
Jermaine Dupri Mauldin ( born September 23 , 1972 ) , known as Jermaine Dupri or JD , is an American record producer , songwriter and rapper .
Professor H. Janaka de Silva is a Sri Lankan academic and physician .
Luciano Castelli ( born September 28 , 1951 in Lucerne ) is a Swiss painter , graphic artist , photographer , sculptor and musician .
Ji - man Choi ( Hangul : 최지만 ; Hanja : 崔志萬 ; Korean pronunciation : `` Chwey Jee Mahn '' ; born May 19 , 1991 ) is a South Korean professional baseball player who is a member of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim He made his professional debut in 2010 with the Arizona League Mariners .
Eric Fonoimoana ( born June 7 , 1969 ) is an American former volleyball player most notable for winning the gold medal in the 2000 Olympic Games .
Maria Tash ( real name Maria Tashjian ) is an American jeweller who is considered an authority on the art of body piercing .
Arsen Aydinian ( born Constantinople , Ottoman Empire , January 19 , 1825 -- died Vienna , Austria , July 21 , 1902 ) was an ethnic Armenian priest , linguist , grammarian , and master of ten languages .
Zhang Tian ( simplified Chinese : 张添 ; traditional Chinese : 張添 ; pinyin : Zhāng Tiān ; born September 30 , 1980 in Nei Monggol ) is a Chinese sport shooter .
Stacey Bridges ( born April 23 , 1988 in Waco , Texas ) is a rugby union player from the United States .
Jonnavithhula Ramalingeswara Rao is an Indian film lyricist and playback singer , known for his works in Telugu Cinema .
Indra Birowo ( born January 9 , 1973 ) is an actor and comedian introduced to television program Extravaganza .
Mona Masri ( born January 16 , 1985 ) is a Swedish journalist , critic and the host of radio show OBS i P1 on Sveriges Radio .
Bojan Mohar is a Slovenian and Canadian mathematician , specializing in graph theory .
Joseph Keilberth ( April 19 , 1908 -- July 20 , 1968 ) was a German conductor who specialized in opera .
Salma Hale ( March 7 , 1787 - November 19 , 1866 ) was an American politician , author , editor , and a United States Representative from New Hampshire .
James Surls ( born April 19 , 1943 Terrell , Texas ) is an American modernist artist .
Amos Kloner ( born February 26 , 1940 ) is an archaeologist and professor emeritus in the Martin Szusz Department of the Land of Israel Studies at the Bar Ilan University in Ramat Gan , Israel , where he teaches Hellenistic , Roman and Byzantine archaeology .
Taborah ( /t æ b ɔr ə/ ; born May 30 , 1964 ) is an American singer and songwriter .
' Uwe Wittwer is a painter with a restricted , a ritualised vocabulary ' ; his motifs consist of four main subjects : landscapes , cities , still lifes and portraits , - later condensed into three main themes : idyll , referential work and the theme of violence .
Barry Lather ( born August 16 , 1966 in Albany , New York ) is an American director , choreographer , dancer , and singer .
Floyd Robertson is a fictional news anchor and reporter , portrayed by Joe Flaherty on the Canadian sketch comedy series SCTV in the 1970s and 1980s .
Lisle Ellis , ( born November 17 , 1951 ) is a Canadian composer and bassist who is known for his improvisational style and use of electronics .
William E. Schaufele , Jr. ( December 7 , 1923 -- January 17 , 2008 ) was an American diplomat and official at the United States Department of State .
Neal Israel is an American actor , screenwriter , film and television producer and director best known for his comedic work in the 1980s for films such as Police Academy , Real Genius , and Bachelor Party .
Enzo Giudici is the son of Isabella Sorce and Paolo Giudici , a teacher and writer .
Epiphanius the Monk ( Epiphanius Monachus , Epiphanios of Constantinople , 8th or 9th century ) was a monk and priest in the Kallistratos monastery in Constantinople and author of several extant works including a life of the Virgin Mary and a life of St. Andrew the Apostle ( PG 120.179 - -286 ) .
Edward C. Harwood ( October 28 , 1900 -- December 16 , 1980 ) was a 20th - century economist , philosopher of science , and investment advisor who is most known for founding the nonprofit American Institute for Economic Research ( AIER ) in 1933 , which entity survives today in Great Barrington , Massachusetts .
Hugh Routley ( born 19 June 1940 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL .
Bryan Goebel ( born October 15 , 1961 in Kansas City , Kansas ) is a professional bowler who currently resides in Shawnee , Kansas .
Cliff Aldridge is a Republican politician from Oklahoma who is serving as a member of the Oklahoma Senate .
Aregado Mantenque Té is a Guinea - Bissau politician and leader of the Workers ' Party ( PT ) .
José Barroso Pimentel ( born October 16 , 1953 ) is a Brazilian banker and politician .
Daniel ben Judah was a Jewish liturgical poet , who lived at Rome in the middle of the fourteenth century CE . He was the grandfather of Daniel ben Samuel ha - Rofe , rabbi at Tivoli .
Inez Asher ( née Inez Harriett Silverberg ; January 1 , 1911 in Des Moines , Iowa -- May 8 , 2006 in Yonkers , New York ) was a novelist and television writer .
Mirosław Baszak is a Polish - born Canadian cinematographer .
Casey Spooner ( born February 2 , 1970 ) is an American artist and musician .
Adair Cardoso ( born June 27 , 1993 in Tangará da Serra ) is a Brazilian singer and composer of country music .
I Dewa Gede Budjana or Dewa Budjana ( pronounced ( ˈdewa buˈdʒana ) ; born August 30 , 1963 in Waikabubak ) is an Indonesian guitarist , songwriter and composer .
David Catapano ( born July 28 , 1973 ) is an American celebrity chef , American professional poker player and reality television personality .
Kosaraju or Kosaraju Raghavaiah or Kosaraju Raghavaiah Chowdary ( Telugu : కొసరాజు రాఘవయ్య చౌదరి ) was a Telugu poet and writer .
Cesar Conda is a former lobbyist , and was the domestic policy chief adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney , and Marco Rubio 's chief of staff from 2011 to 2014 .
Rudolf König ( August 18 , 1865 -- January 30 , 1927 ) was an Austrian merchant , amateur astronomer and selenographer .
Samir Abdel Fattah is a Yemeni short story writer , novelist and playwright .
William Eli Sanford ( September 16 , 1838 -- July 10 , 1899 ) was a Canadian businessman , philanthropist , and politician .
Isabel Turner is a Canadian politician , who was Mayor of Kingston , Ontario from 2000 to 2003 .
Emmanuel Carella is an Australian singer from Melbourne who has recorded an album and three Top 40 singles .
John Eager Howard ( June 4 , 1752 -- October 12 , 1827 ) was an American soldier and politician from Maryland .
Richie Zito ( born August 21 , 1952 ) is an American songwriter , composer and record producer from Los Angeles .
Nokko ( born November 4 , 1963 ) is a Japanese singer - songwriter and producer .
Danford Marble ( 1807 - May 13 , 1849 ) ( best known as Dan Marble ) was an American comedic actor who gained great popularity playing `` Yankee '' roles in the 1830s and 1840s .
Ivan Menjivar ( born May 30 , 1982 ) is a Salvadoran - Canadian mixed martial artist who formerly fought in the featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Ubirajara Fidalgo da Silva known as Ubirajara Fidalgo ( June 22 , 1949 -- July 3 , 1986 ) was a Brazilian actor , director , theatrical producer , playwright and founder of the black professional theater Teatro Profissional do Negro ( TEPRON ) .
Gordon Westcott ( November 6 , 1903 in St. George , Utah -- October 31 , 1935 ) was an American film actor .
Sinibaldo Ibi was an Italian painter , active in the early 16th century .
David Caplovitz ( died October 1 , 1992 ) was a United States - based sociologist .
James Haygood is a film editor who has worked in the film industry since the late 1990s .
Max Delvalle Levy - Maduro ( February 27 , 1911 -- December 20 , 1979 ) was a Panamanian politician who served as vice president from 1964 to 1968 and briefly served as president in 1967 .
A. V. Thomas was a successful Planter , Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly .
Nathaniel Bowditch ( /ˈbaʊdɪtʃ/ ; March 26 , 1773 -- March 16 , 1838 ) was an early American mathematician remembered for his work on ocean navigation .
MK Balaji is an Indian playback singer from Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
Roland Mesnier ( born July 8 1944 ) is a French - American pastry chef and culinary writer .
Mike Jaggerr ( born August 20 , 1989 ) is a rapper , producer , and songwriter and former band member of the hip - hop group Bassline .
K. Alison Clarke - Stewart ( September 23 , 1943 -- February 23 , 2014 ) was a developmental psychologist and expert on children 's social development .
Dennis Schmitt ( born Berkeley , California ) , is a veteran explorer and adventurer from University of California , Berkeley .
Earle S. Banks ( born June 25 , 1954 ) is a Mississippi lawyer , funeral director , insurance agent , and ( since 1993 ) has been a Democratic member of the Mississippi House of Representatives .
Lawrence Omole ( 1915 -- November 14 , 2008 ) was a prominent Nigerian entrepreneur , who over the years contributed a great deal of effort to the industrialization drive in the country .
Louise Arner Boyd ( September 16 , 1887 -- September 14 , 1972 ) was an American explorer of Greenland and the Arctic , who wrote extensively of her explorations , and in 1955 became the first woman to fly over the North Pole privately chartering a DC-4 and crew that included aviation pioneer Thor Solberg .
Joseph Gallison ( born March 9 , 1935 ) is an American actor who worked on television soap operas for twenty - seven years .
Kaká Werá Jecupé ( born February 1 , 1964 , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian Kayapo writer and politician .
Stuart Fratkin ( born September 22 , 1963 ) is an American actor , best known for playing Fitz in the movie Ski School .
Peggy Holmes is an American dancer , choreographer and film director .
Jack E. Leonard ( April 24 , 1910 -- May 10 , 1973 ) , born Leonard Lebitsky , was an American comedian and actor who made frequent appearances on television variety and game shows .
Gene Wolande ( born September 3 , 1956 ) is an American character actor , writer , and director who has appeared in many mainstream film and television projects .
Suzan Mutesi ( born Suzan Faith Mutesi Mufumbiro , June 21 , 1986 ) is an African Australian actress , model and fashion designer .
Robert Coombe is a chemist and an educator .
Kay Aldridge ( July 9 , 1917 -- January 12 , 1995 ) was an American actress and model , best known for playing feisty and imperiled heroines in black - and - white serials during the 1940s .
Jennings Cox , American mining engineer who is said to have invented the drink known as the daiquiri in the late nineteenth century .
Ila Patnaik is an Indian economist and Principal Economic Advisor to the Government of India , having been appointed on 21 April 2014 .
Sir Edward Kenny , PC ( July 1 , 1800 -- May 16 , 1891 ) was a Canadian politician .
Dr. Marc J. Susser is a former historian of the United States Department of State .
Rick Scarry ( born November 14 , 1942 ) is an American character actor and writer who has appeared in over 100 television shows , 22 feature films and numerous television commercials .
Guy Monraisse is a French racing driver who won the 1958 Monte Carlo Rally with Jacques Feret in a modified Renault Dauphine fitted with a 5 speed gearbox .
Lance Hosey is an American architect , known as a thought leader in sustainable design .
Nourdine Midiladji is a politician in the Comoros .
Jamilah Nasheed ( born Jenise Williams ; October 17 , 1972 ) is an American politician from the state of Missouri .
Luboš Kohoutek ( born January 29 , 1935 ) is a Czech astronomer who has discovered numerous asteroids and comets , including Comet Kohoutek which was visible to the naked eye in 1973 .
Jason Paige ( born January 6 , 1969 ) is an American singer , writer , record producer , stage , film , and television actor .
Alec Ounsworth ( born December 1 , 1977 ) is an American singer , songwriter , guitarist and frontman of indie rock band Clap Your Hands Say Yeah .
Jo Andres is an American filmmaker , choreographer and artist .
Al - Azraqi was a 9th - century Islamic commentator and historian , and author of the Kitab Akhbar Makka ( Book of reports about Makka ) .
Hristo Prodanov ( Bulgarian : Христо Проданов ) ( February 24 , 1943 - April 21 , 1984 ) was a Bulgarian mountaineer .
Corey Deuel ( born November 20 , 1977 in Santa Barbara , California ) is an American professional pocket billiards ( pool ) player from West Jefferson , Ohio .
Anna Sandor is an award - winning screenwriter .
In the 1920s , Paul Jaccard engaged himself in a dispute with the Finnish botanist and phytogeographer Alvar Palmgren over the interpretation of species - to - genus ratio , as evidence of competitive exclusion ( as held by Jaccard ) or attributable to random sampling ( as held by Palmgren ) .
Felix Cheong is a Singaporean author and poet .
William James Bryan ( October 10 , 1876 - March 22 , 1908 ) was an American politician , attorney , and prosecutor who was a Democratic U.S. Senator from the American state of Florida .
Patrice Desbiens ( born 1948 ) is a Francophone Canadian poet .
Sara Blædel ( born 6 August 1964 ) , is a Danish author best known for her crime fiction novels featuring Louise Rick .
Valeria Constanza Archimaut ( born January 14 , 1972 ) , known as Valeria Archimó is an Argentine theater dancer , supervedette , choreographer and theater creative director .
Michel Geiss is a French sound engineer , instrument designer and musician who was a long - time collaborator of Jean Michel Jarre .
Samuel Taggart ( March 24 , 1754 -- April 25 , 1825 ) was a Presbyterian Minister , an American politician and a U. S. Representative from Massachusetts .
Ernest Kador , Jr. ( February 22 , 1936 -- July 5 , 2001 ) , known by the stage name Ernie K - Doe , was an African American R&B singer best known for his 1961 hit single `` Mother - in - Law '' which went to # 1 on the Billboard pop chart in the U.S.
Gerald Eckert ( born 27 December 1960 ) is a German composer , cellist , and painter .
Gerry Niewood ( April 6 , 1943 -- February 12 , 2009 ) was an American jazz saxophonist who worked closely with Chuck Mangione .
Josh Friedman ( born 1967 ) is an American screenwriter best known as writer of the TV series Terminator :
Shaune Corrigan ( born 07 Oct 1987 in Gosford , New South Wales ) is a rugby league player , currently playing ( & captain ) for the The Entrance Tigers in the Australian NSW Cup competition .
Matthew A. Trieber , known as Matt Trieber , is an American politician from Bellows Falls , Vermont .
Ronald Cowen ( born December 13 , 1980 in the USA ) is an international - level backstroke swimmer from Bermuda .
Sean Catherine Derek ( born October 15 , 1953 ) is a writer , story editor , actress , and producer in television and film .
Tseng Cheng - hua ( Chinese : 曾 正華 ; pinyin : Céng Zhènghuá ; born September 25 , 1980 ) is a Taiwanese former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Sally Ann Marsh is a British singer and actress who came to fame originally as a member of a short lived girlband with Diana Barrand and Dani Behr called Faith Hope & Charity , ( she was Hope ) .
Madison Young , born Tina Butcher , is an American pornographic actress , director , bondage model , published writer , sexual educator and founder of Femina Potens Art Gallery , a nonprofit art gallery and performance space in San Francisco that serves the LGBTQ and Kink communities .
John Gunther ( August 30 , 1901 -- May 29 , 1970 ) was an American journalist and author whose success came primarily through a series of popular sociopolitical works known as the `` Inside '' books ( 1936 - -1972 ) , including the best - selling Inside U.S.A. in 1947 .
Rosa Bonaparte ( died December 1975 ) was a Timorese politician and independence and women 's rights activist .
Frances McKee is a singer and songwriter known best for her work in the Scottish indie band The Vaselines .
Ryn Weaver ( born Erin Michelle Wüthrich ; August 10 , 1992 ) is an American singer and songwriter who first gained attention with the single `` OctaHate '' in June 2014 .
John P. Bell is a digital artist , educator , and software developer who is a member of the faculty of the New Media department and Innovative Communication Design program at the University of Maine .
F. Reid Shippen is a mixer , engineer and producer , currently based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Robin Chandler Duke ( October 13 , 1923 -- February 6 , 2016 ) was an American socialite , women 's reproductive rights advocate and diplomat .
Anthony Bella is an Australian rugby league player who played professionally for the South Queensland Crushers .
Anouar Benmalek ( January 16 , 1956 ) is a novelist , journalist , mathematician and poet .
Ed Romanoff is an American singer - songwriter , corporate story - teller and entrepreneur .
Nenad Manojlović ( Serbian : Ненад Манојловић ; March 25 , 1954 -- November 24 , 2014 ) was a Yugoslav and Serbian water polo player and manager .
Josef Svatopluk Machar ( ( ˈjosɛf ˈsvatopluk ˈmaxar ) ; 1864 -- 1942 ) was a Czech poet and essayist .
Norma Monserrat Bustamante Laferte ( born May 2 , 1983 in Viña del Mar ) , better known by her stage name Mon Laferte , is a Chilean singer - songwriter and actress .
Hamiet Bluiett ( born September 16 , 1940 , Brooklyn , or Lovejoy , Illinois ; surname pronounced BLUE - ett ) is an American jazz saxophonist , clarinetist , and composer .
Niloofar Beyzaie is the daughter of the theater and film director Bahram Beyzaie ( Bahram Beyzai ) and Monir Azam Raminfar who comes from a family of artists .
Udo Kasemets ( November 16 , 1919 -- January 19 , 2014 ) was an Estonian - born Canadian composer of orchestral , chamber , vocal , piano and electroacoustic works .
Sultan bin Saeed Al Mansoori is an Emirati engineer and has been the economy minister of the United Arab Emirates since 17 February 2008 .
Precious Makina ( born October 2 , 1985 ) is a Zambian boxer who competed at the 2008 Olympics but lost to Hanati Silamu .
Richard Derr ( June 15 , 1918 -- May 8 , 1992 ) was an American actor who worked on stage , screen and television , performing in both starring and supporting roles .
Kilian Stobæus ( 1690 - 1742 ) was a Swedish physician , natural scientist , and historian .
Giles Corey was a prosperous land - owning farmer in Salem , and married three times .
Larry Russell ( October 14 , 1913 -- February 14 , 1954 ) was an American composer working mostly in the motion picture industry .
Elizabeth Castro ( known as Liz Castro ) is an American author and translator best known for her books aimed to educate the reader on particular aspects of website development , such as HTML and Perl .
Dov Linzer ( Hebrew : דב נתן לינזר ; born September 16 , 1966 ) is an American Open Orthodox rabbi who is the Rabbinic Head ( Rosh HaYeshiva ) and Dean of the Open Orthodox Yeshivat Chovevei Torah Rabbinical School in Riverdale , New York .
Madan Lal Mehta ( 1932 - -2006 ) was a theoretical physicist of Indian origin , particularly known for his work in random matrix theory .
Hope Sandoval ( born June 24 , 1966 ) is an American singer - songwriter who is the lead singer for Mazzy Star and Hope Sandoval & the Warm Inventions .
Eddie Noack ( April 29 , 1930 -- February 5 , 1978 ) , was an American country and western singer , songwriter and music industry executive best known for his 1968 recording of the serial killer song Psycho written by Leon Payne , on K - ark Record Label and Produced by John Capps .
Gustav Lindenthal ( May 21 , 1850 -- July 31 , 1935 ) was a civil engineer who designed the Hell Gate Bridge in New York City , among other bridges .
Uzi Landman ( May , 1944 ) is a computational physicist , the Fuller E. Callaway Professor of Computational Materials Science at the Georgia Institute of Technology .
Wally Wilson ( born September 19 , 1947 ) , is an American record producer and songwriter based in Nashville .
Frank Coraci ( born February 3 , 1966 ) is an American film director and screenwriter best known for his work with Adam Sandler .
David Prowse , MBE ( born 1 July 1935 ) is an English bodybuilder , weightlifter and actor .
Darko Kostić ( Дарко Костић ; Belgrade , 1980 ) is a famous Serbian fashion designer .
Mohsen Amiryoussefi is a critically acclaimed Iranian film director and screenwriter .
Ramona Gilmour - Darling is a Canadian actress , singer , and dancer .
John A. Brennan , Jr. ( born September 19 , 1945 ) is an American lobbyist and former legislator who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1973 to 1974 and the Massachusetts Senate from 1974 to 1990 .
Frank Xavier Leyendecker ( January 19 , 1876 -- April 18 , 1924 ) , also known as Frank James Leyendecker , was an American illustrator .
Nino Nakashidze ( also spelled as Nakachidze , Georgian : ნინო ნაკაშიძე)(born 1872 ; died 1963 ) was a Georgian writer .
Michael Bochow ( born 26 March 1948 ) is a German sociologist who has authored a number of empirical studies of German gay men with a particular focus on the impact of HIV / AIDS .
Tom Rothrock is an international record producer , composer and musician .
Larry Ridley ( born September 3 , 1937 ) is an American jazz bassist and music educator .
Max Schoen ( 11 May 1888 -- 27 May 1959 ) was an American music educator , psychologist and scholar .
Ahmed Jahanzeb Usmani ( born May 28 , 1978 ) is a Pakistani pop singer and composer .
Sugar Pie DeSanto ( born Umpeylia Marsema Balinton , October 16 , 1935 , Brooklyn , New York , United States ) is a Filipino - American rhythm and blues singer of the 1950s and 1960s .
Christopher Shyer ( sometimes credited as Chris Shyer ) is a Canadian actor who has appeared in over 50 film and television roles .
Robert Houston II , also known as Black Pegasus or simply Black - P , is an American rapper / southwestern hip hop artist from Colorado Springs .
Carolina Guerra ( born 30 July 1986 ) is a Colombian model , actress and television presenter chosen in 2005 to represent the nation 's capital as Miss Bogotá .
Tom Chase ( born March 6 , 1965 ) is a pornographic actor working in gay pornography who has been active since the 1990s , starring in numerous films .
Carmen Dragon ( July 28 , 1914 -- March 28 , 1984 ) was an American conductor , composer , and arranger who in addition to live performances and recording , worked in radio , film , and television .
Paravoor Govindan Devarajan ( Malayalam : പരവൂര്‍ ഗോവിന്ദന്‍ ദേവരാജന്‍ ) , popularly known as G. Devarajan or Devarajan master , was a Malayalam music composer .
Willy Tsao is a Chinese modern dance choreographer .
Richard Edmeads ( dates unknown ) was an English professional cricketer who played in major matches for Chertsey Cricket Club and Surrey during the 1760s .
Laurie Skreslet ( born October 25 , 1949 ) is a mountaineer best known for his ascent of Mount Everest .
`` Cathy Kelly goes from agony aunt to bestselling novelist '' .
Robert Anthony Smith , professionally known as Big Bert or Robert Anthony , is an American record producer , composer , songwriter and musician , who made his break in the industry when Rodney `` Darkchild '' Jerkins consulted him to join his Darkchild collective in the late 1990s .
Anna Salnikova ( Georgian : ანა სალნიკოვა ; born January 11 , 1987 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke events .
Don Freeland ( March 25 , 1925 -- November 2 , 2007 ) was an American racecar driver who is best known for competing in the Indianapolis 500 eight times .
Allen Appel ( born January 6 , 1945 ) is an American novelist best known for his series about time traveler Alex Balfour .
Italo Righi ( born June 5 , 1959 ) is a Sammarinese politician who was a Captain Regent , from April 1 , 2012 to October 1 , 2012 , with Maurizio Rattini .
Reena Ninan ( born April 18 , 1979 ) is an American television journalist for ABC News , based in New York .
Electrosexual is a French electronic musician , composer , performer , record producer and Music video director living in Berlin .
Kandy Tamer is an Australian - born rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup , playing in three matches .
Jeff Stoughton ( born July 26 , 1963 ) is a retired Canadian curler .
Stefanos Korkolis ( Greek : Στέφανος Κορκολής ; born 12 September 1960 ) is a Greek composer and pianist .
Jean de la Vega , also Jehan de la Vega , was a French traveler and writer of the 16th century .
Al Petteway is a Grammy - winning American guitarist known primarily for his acoustic fingerstyle work both as a soloist and with well - known folk artists such as Amy White , Tom Paxton , Jethro Burns , Jonathan Edwards , Cheryl Wheeler , Debi Smith , Bonnie Rideout , Maggie Sansone and many others .
Canute Caliste ( April 16 , 1914 -- November 20 , 2005 ) was a naive painter from Grenada .
Sandeep Khosla is a noted Indian fashion designer , who co - owns the label , Abu Jani - Sandeep Khosla .
James Pax is an American actor who has acted in films produced in Hollywood , Hong Kong and Japan .
Sudesh Fitzgerald ( born in Georgetown ) is a Guyanese darts player .
Herbert Finlay was an Australian producer , photographer and exhibitor .
Jaehoon Ahn ( May 13 , 1941 -- June 1 , 2011 ) was a North Korean - born American journalist and researcher .
Hank Klibanoff ( born March 26 , 1949 in Florence , Alabama ) is an American journalist , now a professor at Emory University .
David Pedersen ( born May 15 , 1986 in Andenes , Vesterålen ) is a Norwegian singer and came in 3rd place on Idol in 2003 .
John Lenton ( before 4 March 1657 -- May 1719 ) was an English composer , violinist , and singer .
Alfred C. Malchiodi was a noted American engineer specializing in submarines .
Kevin Meredith ( also known as Lomokev ) , born 1978 , is a British photographer , known for his use of the Lomo - LCA camera and his lomographic style .
Sibel Can ( born August 1 , 1970 ) is a popular Turkish folk pop and classical music singer .
Fallulah ( born 6 February 1985 ) is a Danish singer - songwriter and musician .
Ellen Gittelsohn ( born April 12 , 1948 in New York City , New York ) is an American television director .
Hiski Salomaa ( 1891 - -1957 ) was a Finnish - American singer and songwriter .
Iris Xiomara Castro de Zelaya or simply Xiomara Castro ( born September 30 , 1959 ) is a Honduran politician .
Johnny Preston ( August 18 , 1939 -- March 4 , 2011 ) was an American pop singer , who was best known for his international number one hit in 1960 , `` Running Bear '' .
Eric Biddines ( born Ocala , Florida ) is an American rapper , vocalist , and record producer based in Palm Beach , Florida .
Jim Post ( born October 28 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is an American folk singer - songwriter , composer , playwright and actor .
Albert Levan ( 1905 - -1998 ) was a Swedish botanist and geneticist .
Claude Préfontaine ( January 24 , 1933 - January 5 , 2013 ) was a Canadian actor who also appeared in many films and Canadian versions of cartoons .
Carlos Lyra is a Brazilian singer and composer of numerous bossa nova and Música popular brasileira classics .
Nouri Abusahmain ( Arabic : نوري أبو سهمين ) is a Libyan politician .
José Mário Sperry ( born September 28 , 1966 ) is a Brazilian heavyweight mixed martial artist .
Jeff Speakman ( born November 8 , 1958 ) is an American actor and a martial artist in the art of American kenpo karate and Japanese Goju - Ryu , earning black belts in each .
Mark Medoff ( born March 18 , 1940 ) is an American playwright , screenwriter , film and theatre director , actor , and professor .
Jacques Leguerney ( 1906 - -1997 ) was a French composer especially noted for his art songs .
Jaques Wagner ( born March 16 , 1951 ) is a Brazilian politician who was Governor of Bahia from 2007 to 2015 and Minister of Defence in 2015 .
Philon , Athenian architect of the 4th century BC , is known as the planner of two important works : the portico of twelve Doric columns to the great Hall of the Mysteries at Eleusis ( work commissioned by Demetrius Phalereus about 318 BC ) and , under the administration of Lycurgus , an arsenal at Athens .
Joaquim Manuel de Macedo ( June 24 , 1820 -- April 11 , 1882 ) was a Brazilian novelist , doctor , teacher , poet , playwright and journalist , famous for the romance A Moreninha .
Philippa Hobbs is a published South African art historian , an artist and an art collector .
Ralf Stemmann is a German - born record producer , composer , remixer , keyboards player and synthesizer programmer .
Joaquín Monserrat , known as Pacheco ( April 5 , 1921 - November 5 , 1996 ) was a Spanish comedian and host of children programs .
Ciara Considine is a musician known for her Celtic and folk music .
Robert Feist is an audio post - production mixer / sound designer and music recording engineer / mixer .
Alban Hill or Hyll M.D. ( d. 1559 ) , physician , a native of Wales , studied at Oxford and at Bologna .
Anthony Lister ( 1979 -- present ) is an Australian - born painter and Installation artist .
Ali Eisner is a creative producer , puppeteer , writer , musician , director and composer for Children 's Television .
Samuel Wong ( Chinese : 黃大德 ) is a Hong Kong - born Canadian conductor and ophthalmologist .
Richard S. Boardman was an American paleontologist and curator of the Department of Paleobiology at the United States National Museum ( now the National Museum of Natural History ) .
Coslett Herbert Waddell ( Rev. ) ( March 6 , 1858 at Drumcro , County Antrim -- June 8 , 1919 ) was an Irish priest , ( Church of Ireland ) , and botanist .
Kate Walby ( née Webster ) is a broadcast journalist and was , a presenter for ITV Yorkshire 's Calendar , but currently a reporter for Lookaround .
Daryl Hawk is a documentary photographer and owner of Hawk Photography - based out of Wilton , Connecticut .
Renato Marotta ( born Salerno , November 16 , 1974 ) is an Italian actor and director .
Adawan Amal Praba Ganesan ( Tamil : பிரபா கணேசன் ; born 4 January 1964 ) is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of Parliament .
Ebrahim Sheibani ( Sheibany , ابراهیم شیبانی ) is an Iranian economist who is the Iranian Ambassador to Austria , Slovenia and Slovakia .
Thomas R. Skelton ( September 24 , 1927 - - August 9 , 1994 ) was a lighting designer .
Josef Horký ( born February 3 , 1972 ) is a Czech former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle , butterfly , and individual medley events .
Damien O'Kane ( born 1 September 1978 ) is a Northern Irish musician , born in Coleraine .
Rocky Johnson ( born Wayde Douglas Bowles ; August 24 , 1944 ) is a retired Canadian professional wrestler .
Brenda Bakken - Lackey is a former Canadian provincial politician .
Richard Gaywood ( fl . 1650 - -1680 ) was an English engraver .
Kenneth Grant Fraser O.B.E. , M.D. , Edin . , D.P.H. , F.R.S.E. or `` Dr Fraser '' as he is commonly remembered , was a Scottish missionary doctor and educator in Southern Sudan , specifically working among the Moru people .
Solly Krieger ( March 28 , 1909 -- September 24 , 1964 ) was an American middleweight boxer who fought from 1928 - -41 .
Pravrajika Vrajaprana is a writer on Vedanta , the history and growth of the Vedanta Societies and a nun at the Vedanta Society of Southern California 's Sarada Convent .
Hector Acebes was a photographer , notable for his expeditions to Africa and South America .
Hanns Kräly ( January 16 , 1884 -- November 11 , 1950 ) , credited in the United States as Hans Kraly , was a German actor and screenwriter .
Christopher Jamison OSB is a Benedictine monk and former Abbot of Worth Abbey in West Sussex , England .
A. M. Ariff is a leftist politician and Member of Kerala Legislative Assembly from Aroor constituency , Alappuzha district .
Bertolino Bragerio ( active in 1288 ) was an Italian architect of the medieval period , active in Cremona .
Emanuel Mendez da Costa ( June 5 , 1717 -- May 31 , 1791 ) was an English botanist , naturalist , philosopher , and collector of valuable notes and of manuscripts , and of anecdotes of the literati .
John Pierpont ( April 6 , 1785 -- August 27 , 1866 ) was an American poet , who was also successively a teacher , lawyer , merchant , and Unitarian minister .
Laura Chapman Hruska ( October 14 , 1935 -- January 9 , 2010 ) was an American lawyer , novelist , and co - founder and editor in chief of the Soho Press .
Bae Ki - suk ( Hangul : 배기석 ) ( May 29 , 1987 -- July 21 , 2010 ) was a South Korean boxer who died following a boxing match on July 17 , 2010 .
Buddy Feyne ( June 9 , 1912 -- December 10 , 1998 ) was an American composer and lyricist of the swing era .
Danielle de Picciotto is an American born artist , musician and film maker .
Steve Gore is an English magician from Bradford , West Yorkshire .
John Poch ( born 1966 in Erie , Pennsylvania ) is an American poet , fiction writer , and critic .
Matthew Cowley ( August 2 , 1897 -- December 13 , 1953 ) was an American missionary and a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) from 1945 until his death .
Arjun Sablok is an Indian film director working under the Yashraj Films banner .
Robert O. Smith ( November 27 , 1942 -- May 30 , 2010 ) was a voice actor .
Jerry Eisenberg ( born c.1937 ) is an American television producer , animator , storyboard artist , and character designer , primarily known for his work at Hanna - Barbera Productions and Ruby - Spears Productions .
Gen Horiuchi ( Japanese : 堀内 元 ) is a Japanese ballet dancer and choreographer .
Judy Chicago ( born Judith Sylvia Cohen ; July 20 , 1939 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American feminist artist , art educator , and writer known for her large collaborative art installation pieces which examine the role of women in history and culture .
Alexander Philalethes ( Gr . Ἀλέξανδρος Φιλαλήθης ) was an ancient Greek physician , whom Priscian called Alexander Amator Veri ( Alexander Truth - Lover ) , and who was probably the same person quoted by Caelius Aurelianus under the name of Alexander Laodicensis .
Rafael Alers ( October 16 , 1903 -- March 20 , 1978 ) was a musician , composer , bandleader and the first Puerto Rican to compose the music score for a Hollywood feature film .
Mark Vernon is a writer , broadcaster and journalist .
Sharad Kumar Dicksheet was an Indian born American plastic surgeon and the founder of The India Project , a social initiative for free treatment of plastic surgery for the financially compromised people .
Hamid Rahmanian ( born 1968 ) is a New York -- based Iranian filmmaker and graphic artist .
William MacLeod Raine ( June 22 , 1871 -- July 25 , 1954 ) , was a British - born American novelist who wrote fictional adventure stories about the American Old West .
Linda Elder is an American educational psychologist , author and president of the Foundation for Critical Thinking .
Arthur Gordon Webster ( November 28 , 1863 -- May 15 , 1923 ) , physicist , was a founder and president of the American Physical Society .
Vellakal Palaniapa Subramania Mudaliar was a translator who translated books on veterinary diseases from English to Tamil .
Harold Brodkey ( October 25 , 1930-January 26 , 1996 ) , born Aaron Roy Weintraub , was an American short - story writer and novelist .
Franz Wilhelm Ferling ( September 20 , 1796 -- December 8 , 1874 ) was a German oboist , composer , and clarinetist .
Archie Phinney ( September 4 , 1904 -- October 29 , 1949 ) was a Nez Perce Indian and an anthropologist .
Colin Donnell ( born October 9 , 1982 ) is an American actor best known for his performances as Billy Crocker in Anything Goes , Dr. Connor Rhodes in Chicago Med and Tommy Merlyn in the The CW television series Arrow .
Noah Dana - Picard ( born May 6 , 1954 ) is an Israeli mathematician , professor and Talmudic scholar who has been the president of the Jerusalem College of Technology ( JCT ) since 2009 .
Pål Sletaune ( born March 4 , 1960 ) is a Norwegian commercial and film director and photographer .
José Casas Ruiz ( born January 10 , 1960 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler ( called a Luchador in Spanish ) and trainer working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) under the ring name Negro Casas .
Gary J. Aguirre is an American lawyer , former investigator with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and whistleblower .
Skjold Neckelmann ( born 24.11.1854 , Hamburg , died 13.5.1903 , Neckargemünd ) was a Danish architect , best known for designing four Strasbourg buildings that are landmarks of the Neustadt district - the National University Library , the National Theatre , the Palais de Justice and the Catholic Church of Saint Peter the Younger .
On qualifying , Lucy Wills decided not to practise as a physician , but to research and teach in the Department of Chemical Pathology at the Royal Free .
Lon McEachern ( pronounced `` ma - CAIR - en '' , born 1956/1957 ) is an American sports commentator most known for his hand - by - hand commentary of the World Series of Poker on ESPN .
Felicity Green OBE ( born c.1926 ) is a British fashion journalist and former newspaper executive .
David Minkin is an American magician and an International Champion of Close - Up Magic .
Miguelito Valdés ( September 6 , 1912 -- November 9 , 1978 ) , also known as Mr. Babalú , was a renowned Cuban singer .
Count Georg Magnus Sprengtporten ( Russian : Георг Магнус Спренгтпортен ) , or Göran Magnus Sprengtporten , as he preferred to call himself ( December 16 , 1740 -- October 13 , 1819 ) , was a Swedish , Finnish and Russian politician , younger brother of Jacob Magnus Sprengtporten .
Argiris Kavidas ( Greek : Αργύρης Καβίδας ; October 9 , 1976 -- September 12 , 2010 ) was a Greek actor and director best known for his role in the 2009 Greek dramatic film , Strella , which is also known by the international title , A Woman 's Way .
Rod MacIvor ( born September 17 , 1946 in New Glasgow , Nova Scotia , Canada ) is a retired Canadian photojournalist .
Roy Boudreau , is a former teacher and a New Brunswick politician .
Silvije Degen ( born June 15 , 1942 in Bjelovar ) is a Croatian lawyer and politician from Zagreb .
Diethard Tautz ( born 17 August 1957 in Glonn ) is a German biologist and geneticist , who is primarily concerned with the molecular basis of the evolution of mammals .
Adam Makowicz ( born Adam Matyszkowicz ; August 18 , 1940 ) is a Polish pianist and composer living in Toronto .
Stole Popov is a Macedonian film director .
Vickie Stringer is an American novelist from Detroit , Michigan .
Zang Wenbo ( Chinese : 臧文博 ; born June 19 , 1996 ) is a Chinese figure skater .
Tara Rodgers is an American electronic musician , composer , and author .
David Arkin ( December 24 , 1941 -- January 14 , 1991 ) was an American actor , known for his numerous supporting appearances in the films of Robert Altman .
Edward Adam Senn ( born April 10 , 1984 ) is an American model , actor and restaurateur .
Samuel Calley ( April 13 , 1821 -- January 1 , 1883 ) was a Massachusetts house painter and politician who served as the eighteenth and twenty second Mayor of Salem , Massachusetts , and in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1870 to 1871 .
Walter Chadwick Noyes ( August 8 , 1865 in Lyme , Connecticut -- June 12 , 1926 in New York City ) was a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Dominic Chianese ( /ˌkiːəˈnɛzɛ/ ; born February 24 , 1931 ) is an American actor , singer , and musician .
Wendell Lewis Willkie ( born Lewis Wendell Willkie ; February 18 , 1892 -- October 8 , 1944 ) was an American lawyer , corporate executive , and the 1940 Republican candidate for president .
Nicolien Sauerbreij ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈnikoːˌlin ˈsʌwərˌbrɛi̯ ) , born July 31 , 1979 ) is a Dutch professional snowboarder .
Chrétien de Troyes ( French pronunciation : ​(kʁe.tjɛ̃ də.tʁwa ) ) ( Christian ) was a late 12th century French poet and trouvère known for his work on Arthurian subjects , and for originating the character Lancelot .
Bettina F. Bradbury is an award - winning American television soap opera screenwriter .
Paul Landry M.B. ( born September 6 , 1955 ) is a French - Canadian polar explorer , author , and adventurer who is the only paid man to ever reach three Geographical poles in a single year .
Kazi Riasat Alve is a documentary photographer from Bangladesh .
Laura Mackenzie Phillips ( born November 10 , 1959 ) is an American actress and singer best known for her roles in American Graffiti and as rebellious teenager Julie Mora Cooper Horvath on the sitcom One Day at a Time .
Janice Francis - Irwin she is a British karateka .
Anil Sharma is an Indian film director and producer .
Luis Ortega ( born July 12 , 1980 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine film director , and screenplay writer .
Gene Gauntier ( May 17 , 1885 -- December 18 , 1966 ) was an American screenwriter and actress who was one of the pioneers of the motion picture industry .
Carol Jiani ( born Uchenna Ikejiani ) is a Nigerian singer based in England , best known for her early 1981s hit `` Hit ' N Run Lover '' .
Michael Steinberger is an American author and journalist , and was the wine columnist of the internet magazine Slate from 2002 to 2011 .
Dr. Flinder Anderson Khonglam ( February 6 , 1945 -- May 22 , 2012 ) was an Indian politician and physician .
Valerie Jodoin Keaton is a Canadian photographer and musician .
Warren Berlinger ( born August 31 , 1937 ) is an American character actor , with Broadway runs , movie and television credits , and much work in commercials .
David L. Staebler is an American electrical engineer .
Hélène Baillargeon , CM ( August 28 , 1916 -- September 25 , 1997 ) was a Quebec singer , actor and folklorist probably best known as the host of the CBC television show Chez Hélène from 1959 to 1973 .
Niall Mac Eachmharcaigh , Irish actor , plays the part of John Joe Daly on the Irish language TG4 drama , Ros na Rún .
Keith Macpherson is a Canadian singer , musician , and songwriter .
Tyrees Allen ( born July 31 , 1954 in Salina , Kansas ) is an American actor on stage , television , and film .
Carlos Monzón ( August 7 , 1942 -- January 8 , 1995 ) was an Argentine professional boxer who held the Undisputed World Middleweight Championship for 7 years .
Jonathan Elkus ( born August 8 , 1931 in San Francisco ) is an American composer , arranger , editor , author , conductor , and teacher .
María de los Ángeles Errisúriz Alarcón ( born in Allende , Coahuila , México ; January 18 , 1966 ) is a Mexican writer , teacher and politician .
Anumolu Sushanth ( Telugu : అనుమోలు సుశాంత్ ) , known mononymously by his given name , is an Indian film actor known for his works in Telugu cinema .
Nils - Martin Crawfurd ( born August 19 , 1983 ) is a Norwegian voice - dubbing actor .
Gibb Gilchrist ( December 23 , 1887 -- May 12 , 1972 ) was an American engineer , highway development expert and academic administrator .
Neguinho do Samba ( 1954/1955 -- October 31 , 2009 ) , born Antonio Luis Alves de Souza , was a Brazilian percussionist and musician .
Isidoro de María ( 1815 - -1906 ) was a Uruguayan writer , historian , journalist , politician and diplomat .
Samuel Foster ( died 1652 ) was an English mathematician and astronomer .
Stuart Franklin ( born London , 16 June 1956 ) is a photographer , a member of Magnum Photos , and a former President of Magnum Photos ( 2006 - -2009 ) .
Michael H. Weber is an American screenwriter and producer from New York .
Michalis Koumbios ( Greek : Μιχάλης Κουμπιός ; born 1965 ) is a Greek composer and lyricist .
Irving Kane Pond ( May 1 , 1857 -- September 29 , 1939 ) was an American architect , college athlete , and author .
Lewis Cass ( October 9 , 1782 -- June 17 , 1866 ) was an American military officer , politician , and statesman : he was longtime governor of the Michigan Territory ( 1813 - 1831 ) , Secretary of War under President Andrew Jackson , and Secretary of State under President James Buchanan .
Michael Gostigian ( born February 21 , 1963 ) is a former American modern pentathlete .
Ed McBain ( October 15 , 1926 -- July 6 , 2005 ) is one of the pen names of an American author and screenwriter .
Conrad Fyoll , who flourished at Frankfort - on - the - Main from the year 1464 to 1476 , -- the only period of time of which record concerning him has been handed down to us , -- is a painter whose works display graceful drawing and subdued colouring .
Sir Richard Malins ( 1805 - -1882 ) was an English barrister , judge , and politician .
Charity Brown ( born Phyllis Boltz in Kitchener , Ontario ) is a Canadian film actress , singer , and voice artist for television animation shorts .
Johana Riva Karapetian ( born November 23 , 1990 ) is an Uruguayan model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Uruguay 2014 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant .
Kirstin Holum ( born June 29 , 1980 ) is a retired American speed skater .
Mira Klobučar ( born Mira Ehrlich ; July 28 , 1888 - died July 10 , 1956 ) was Croatian painter .
Nikolina Ristović , née Pišek ( born 8 April 1973 ) is a Croatian television presenter .
Máximo Cajal López ( February 17 , 1935 - April 3 , 2014 ) was a Spanish diplomat and ambassador López was born in Madrid .
Alexandre Stassievitch ( born 20 September 1950 ) is a former football defender who played club football for RC Lens and represented France at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
On 2 June , Ramires was named in Brazil 's squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
Denis Raymond Basset ( born 1883 , date of death unknown ) was a French tug of war competitor , who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Heinrich Karl Uhle ( July 6 , 1887 in Leipzig -- October 12 , 1969 ) was a German amateur football player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Déborah Anthonioz ( born August 29 , 1978 in Thonon - les - Bains ) is a French snowboarder and Olympic athlete who won a silver medal in women 's snowboard cross at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
David Mark Berger ( May 24 , 1944 -- September 6 , 1972 ) was an Israeli Olympic weightlifter , and one of the eleven Israeli Olympians taken hostage and killed by the Palestinian group Black September during the Munich massacre at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Veselin Vuković ( Serbian : Веселин Вуковић ; born December 19 , 1958 in Struga ) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Pete Close ( 28 August 1937 -- 14 March 1990 ) was an American middle - distance runner who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Marcel Huot ( Épernay , 9 September 1896 -- Pantin , 23 April 1954 ) was a French professional road bicycle racer , who won one stage in the 1928 Tour de France .
Andreas Becker ( born 8 March 1970 in Mülheim an der Ruhr ) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Robert Kabbas ( born 15 March 1955 , in Alexandria , Egypt ) is a retired weightlifter from Australia , who won the silver medal in the Lightheavyweight ( 82.5 kg ) category at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Julius Korir ( born April 21 , 1960 ) is a former Kenyan athlete , who won the 3.000 m steeplechase at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Boško Marinko ( 11 August 1939 in Banja Luka ) is a Serbian former wrestler who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and 1972 Summer Olympics .
Juozas Vinča ( 27 November 1905 , in Šiauliai -- 29 August 1990 , in Boston , MA ) was a Lithuanian boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics , representing Lithuania .
Dmitry Dorofeyev won a silver medal in the 500 m at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Naomi Castle ( born 29 May 1974 in Sydney ) is an Australian water polo player from the gold medal squad of the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Jessica Sloan ( born November 2 , 1982 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian swimmer who won six gold medals in the 2000 Summer Paralympics .
Georges Stuber ( 11 May 1925 -- 16 April 2006 ) was a Swiss football goalkeeper who played for Switzerland in the 1950 and 1954 FIFA World Cup .
Lara Carroll ( born 8 December 1986 ) , also known by her married name Lara Mist , is an English - born competition swimmer who has represented Australia in international events , including the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Uktamjon Rahmonov ( born August 31 , 1990 in Fergana ) is an Uzbek amateur boxer who fought at the 2012 Summer Olympics at junior welterweight .
Jacques Michaud ( born 11 July 1951 in Saint - Julien - en - Genevois , Haute - Savoie ) was a French professional road bicycle racer , who won the eighteenth stage in the 1983 Tour de France .
Karl Honz participated in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich .
Gustaaf Deloor ( b. De Klinge , 24 June 1913 -- d. Mechelen , 28 January 2002 ) was a Belgian road racing cyclist and the winner of the first two editions of the Vuelta a España in 1935 and 1936 .
Thérèse Blondeau ( December 4 , 1913 -- June 28 , 2013 ) was a French swimmer who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin .
Roberta Farinelli ( born 6 February 1970 ) is an Italian former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Neil Eckersley ( born 5 April 1964 ) is a retired judoka from the United Kingdom , who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Bengt Sjösten ( 27 December 1925 -- 20 June 2005 ) was a Swedish sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Johann Urbanek ( 10 October 1910 -- 7 July 2000 ) was an Austrian football midfielder who played for Austria in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Franz Beck ( 4 March 1930 -- 5 October 2000 ) was a Liechtenstein alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics and in the 1956 Winter Olympics .
Shozo Ishihara ( Japanese : 石原省三 ; 10 August 1910 -- 19 July 1993 ) was a Japanese speed skater who competed in the 1932 and 1936 Winter Olympics .
Serap Aktaş represented Turkey at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , USA and 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia in marathon finishing 23rd and 37th respectively .
Carlo Galimberti ( August 2 , 1894 -- August 10 , 1939 ) was an Italian weightlifter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics , in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Julio Sabater ( 18 December 1926 -- 5 February 2003 ) was a Puerto Rican hurdler who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Piotr Kędzia ( born 6 June 1984 in Zgierz ) is a Polish sprinter who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Boris Georgiev ( Bulgarian : Борис Георгиев ) ( born 5 December 1982 ) is an amateur boxer from Bulgaria who won a bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the light welterweight class .
Décio Randazzo Teixeira ( 28 December 1941 -- 28 October 2000 ) is a Brazilian former footballer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Arthur Knautz ( March 20 , 1911 in Daaden -- August 6 , 1943 ) was a German field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Dénes Pócsik ( 9 March 1940 in Kunágota -- 20 November 2004 in Eger ) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics , in the 1968 Summer Olympics , and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Fredrik Horn ( 8 June 1916 -- 18 November 1997 ) was a Norwegian association football player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Victorio Cieslinskas ( October 27 , 1922 -- June 19 , 2007 ) was a Uruguayan basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Emmerich Rath ( 5 November 1883 -- 21 December 1962 ) was a Czech track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics for Austria .
Alexander Espinoza Hernández ( born December 27 , 1980 in Caracas ) is a bantamweight boxer from Venezuela , who represented his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Abul Kalam ( Bengali : আবুল কালাম ) ( born 1 December 1978 ) is a Bangladeshi kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games .
Maki Eguchi ( 江口真紀 , born 14 October 1978 ) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Rainer Osselmann ( born 25 July 1960 ) is a former German water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Krasimira Gyurova ( Bulgarian : Красимира Гюрова ) ( 26 October 1953 -- 30 March 2011 ) was a Bulgarian basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Viktor Omelyanovich ( Ukrainian : Віктор Омелянович ; born 13 April 1958 in Dnipropetrovsk ) is a Ukrainian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Artūras Kasputis ( born 22 February 1967 in Klaipėda ) is a retired track and road racing cyclist from Lithuania , who represented the USSR at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
J. Bertrand was a French swimmer and water polo player who won a silver medal in the Men 's 200 metre team swimming event at the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Wong Choong Hann played badminton at the 2004 Summer Olympics in men 's singles , defeating Przemysław Wacha of Poland in the first round .
Katy Lennon ( born 16 October 1984 in Carshalton ) is a British artistic gymnast that represented Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Sven Anders Gärderud ( born 28 August 1946 ) is a Swedish former track and field athlete , winner of the 3000 m steeplechase event at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Massimo Cartasegna ( June 30 , 1885 -- April 15 , 1964 ) was an Italian athlete who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London .
Casey Henwood ( born 16 December 1980 ) is a New Zealand field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Jonathan Winter ( born 18 August 1971 in Masterton ) is a member of the Ngai Tahu Maori tribe and a former backstroke swimmer from New Zealand , who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , United States , for his native country .
Gizela Farkaš Todorović ( born 22 October 1942 in Novi Sad ) is a Serbian former middle distance runner who run for Yugoslavia in semi final of 800 m at the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Roy Sherwood ( born 11 June 1932 ) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics .
André Sicard ( 19 February 1915 -- 30 November 1973 ) was a French long - distance runner who specialised in the 10 km . In this event he finished 19th at the 1936 Summer Olympics and 8th at the 1938 European Championships .
Qi Guangpu ( born October 20 , 1990 ) is a Chinese aerial skier who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
Marianne Zechmeister ( born 12 April 1960 , in Berchtesgaden ) is a German former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics .
Peng Bo ( Chinese : 彭勃 ; pinyin : Péng Bó ; born February 18 , 1981 in Nanchang , Jiangxi ) is a Chinese diver who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the men 's 3 m springboard diving event with a score of 787.38 .
Paolo De Chiesa ( born March 14 , 1956 ) is an Italian journalist and former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
Douglas Golder ( born 1 February 1948 ) is a retired field hockey player from Australia , who was a member of the national team that won the silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Peter Koech ( born February 18 , 1958 ) is a former long - distance runner from Kenya who won a silver medal in the 3,000 meters steeplechase event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Gerry Rinaldi ( born 25 June 1945 ) is a retired Canadian alpine skier who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics .
Zorigtbaataryn Enkhzorig ( Mongolian : Зоригтбаатарын Энхзориг ; born February 27 , 1987 ) is an amateur boxer from Mongolia who competed at the 2006 Asian Games in the Featherweight ( -57 kg ) division , beat Galib Jafarov and won the silver medal in a lost match against Uzbekistan 's Bahodirjon Sultonov 15 - 37 .
Mehmet Ali Demirtaş ( born 2 March 1951 in Bingöl Gökçedal Deşti village close to Yayladere ) is a Turkish former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Jirachai Linglom ( born 13 October 1978 in Thailand ) is a Thai sprinter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and other prestigious track and field competitions .
Christoph Bechmann ( born November 23 , 1971 in Speyer am Rhein , Rheinland - Pfalz ) is a field hockey player from Germany , who was a member of the Men 's National Team that won the bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Nazario Fiakaifonu ( born 27 March 1988 in Port Vila ) is a Vanuatuan judoka who competed in the heavyweight division of Judo at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Julius Lenhart ( November 27 , 1875 in Vienna -- November 10 , 1962 in Vienna ) was an Austrian gymnast who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics .
Kang Yong - gyun ( born July 23 , 1974 ) is a North Korean wrestler who competed in the Men 's Graeco - Roman 54 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal .
Jan Erik Vollebregt ( born 10 December 1954 , in Leiden ) is a sailor from the Netherlands who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Kingston , Ontario .
Walter Wu ( born 14 August 1972 ) is an S13 classified Canadian swimmer who has competed and set records at the 1996 , 2000 , and 2004 Summer Paralympics .
María Mercedes Margalot ( born June 28 , 1975 in Buenos Aires ) is a retired field hockey player from Argentina , who won the silver medal with the national field hockey team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Ismail Rafaat ( born 1 January 1908-date of death unknown ) was an Egyptian football midfielder who played for Egypt in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Arūnas Savickas ( born 24 March 1975 ) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Lithuania , who was the oldest member ( 25 years , 174 days ) of the national squad ( 5 men and 1 woman ) competing at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Ambrogio Levati ( March 14 , 1894 - May 8 , 1963 ) , was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Samar Banerjee ( born 1931 ) was an Indian footballer who played in the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne as captain of the India national football team .
Berni Huber ( born 11 July 1967 in Obermaiselstein ) is a retired German alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics .
Paolo Meneguzzi 's Italian debut occurred with his participation in the young artists section at the Sanremo Music Festival in 2001 .
Roger Lapébie ( pronounced : ( ʁɔ.ʒe la.pe.bi ) ; 16 January 1911 -- 12 October 1996 ) was a French racing cyclist who won the 1937 Tour de France .
Djan Madruga attended his third Olympic Games , the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles where he finished 9th in the 4×200-metre freestyle , 10th in the 4×100-metre freestyle , and 12th in the 200-meter backstroke events .
Jennifer Chandler ( born June 13 , 1959 ) is a retired American diver who won the gold medal in the 3 m springboard event at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Carmen Valero Medes ( born October 4 , 1955 in Teruel , Aragon ) is a former middle - distance runner from Spain , who represented her native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Imre Pulai ( born November 14 , 1967 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian sprint canoeist , who won two Olympic medals in the Canadian canoeing event , including a gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics with teammate Ferenc Novák .
Nicole Sifuentes finished 4th at 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships , and after a DQ , was promoted to bronze after the 3rd place finisher , Rababe Arafi , made contact with Heather Kampf , resulting in Kampf 's fall .
José Amado García Gabriel ( born 13 September 1977 ) is a Guatemalan long - distance runner who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics , the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Mary Anne O'Connor ( born October 1 , 1953 ) is an American Olympian who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics on the first US Olympic women 's basketball team .
Xu Zhiming ( born 29 January 1980 ) is a former Chinese judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Adrian Anthony Gill ( born 28 June 1954 in Edinburgh ) is a British writer and critic who uses the bylines A. A. Gill and AA Gill .
John Maessner ( born June 2 , 1969 in Hackensack , New Jersey ) who spent six seasons in Major League Soccer , two in France , two in USISL , two in the National Professional Soccer League and one in Germany .
Teresa Marczewska ( born January 6 , 1948 in Jarosław ) is a Polish actress and the wife of the Polish film director Wojciech Marczewski .
Melissa Merchiche ( born August 21 , 1985 in Marseille ) , better known by her stage name Melissa M or simply Melissa , is a French R&B singer of Algerian origin .
Marcelo Oliveira ( born 4 March 1955 in Pedro Leopoldo ) is a Brazilian former footballer and current manager .
Noah Clarke ( born June 11 , 1979 in La Verne , California ) is an American hockey player who plays left wing for the Belfast Giants in the British Elite League .
Stavros Schizas ( Greek : Σταύρος Σχίζας ) ; born January 10 , 1989 in Athens , Greece is a Greek professional basketball player .
Reinhard Theimer ( born 28 February 1948 in Berlin ) is a retired East German hammer thrower .
Chris Pridham ( born April 11 , 1965 in Toronto ) is a former touring professional tennis player .
Novi Novog , born in North Hollywood , California is an American viola player .
Having begun his internship at the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1968 ( serving in Tehran , Washington and the UN in New York ) , and having passed the MFA 's entrance examinations , Mehrdad Khonsari began his diplomatic career in 1972 .
Sérgio Milliet da Costa e Silva , generally known as Sérgio Milliet ( São Paulo November 20 , 1898 -- São Paulo November 9 , 1966 ) was a Brazilian writer , painter , poet , essayist , literary and art critic , and sociologist .
Henry Callaway ( January 17 , 1817 in either Lymington , Hampshire , or Somerset -- March 26 , 1890 ) was a missionary for the Church of England and the Bishop of St John 's , Kaffraria , in the Church of the Province of Southern Africa .
Conrad Lozano ( born March 21 , 1951 , in Los Angeles , California ) is an American musician and the bass player for Los Lobos .
Reece Noi ( born 13 June 1988 ) is a British actor born and raised in Manchester .
Tiziano Crudeli ( Italian pronunciation : ( titˈtsjaːno kruˈdɛːli ) ; born 24 June 1943 in Forlì ) , is an Italian television presenter and sports journalist .
Kathryn Humphreys ( born 19 September 1970 in Oshawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian former sports anchor for CityNews at Five , CityNews at Six and CityNews Tonight .
Josef Dvořák ( born in Horní Cerekev , Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia , April 25 , 1942 ) is a Czech actor .
Daniel Birnbaum ( born 10 July 1963 ) is the director of the Moderna Museet , the museum of modern art in Stockholm .
Nikos Konstantopoulos ( Greek : Νίκος Κωνσταντόπουλος ; born 8 June 1942 in Krestena , Elis ) is a Greek politician , member of the Hellenic Parliament and former president of the left - wing Synaspismos .
Claire Forlani was born in 1972 in Twickenham , London , the daughter of Barbara ( née Dickinson ) , who was English , and Pier Luigi Forlani , a music manager from Ferrara , Italy .
Richard Parncutt ( born 24 October 1957 in Melbourne ) is an Australian - born academic who specializes in the psychology of music .
Steve Peat ( born 17 June 1974 in Chapeltown , South Yorkshire ) , nicknamed `` Sheffield Steel '' or more commonly just `` Peaty '' , is a professional downhill mountain biker who was born and lives in Chapeltown , Sheffield , England .
Rolf Scherrer ( born May 24 , 1972 in Willisau ) is a retired amateur Swiss freestyle wrestler , who competed in the men 's heavyweight category .
Iben Tinning ( born 4 February 1974 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish professional golfer .
Thomas Jackson Rodman was born in 1816 on a farm near Salem in Washington County , Indiana .
One of eight children , Beyers Naudé was born to Jozua François Naudé and Adriana Johanna Naude ( nee ) van Huysteen in Roodepoort , Transvaal ( now Gauteng ) .
Chedli Klibi ( الشاذلي القليبي ) , ( born , September 6 , 1925 , Tunis ) is a Tunisian politician .
Guglielmo da Forli , called Guglielmo degli Organi , who was the earliest painter of Forlì , flourished in the 14th century .
Prashant Raj ( born 10 March 1982 in Bangalore ) is an Indian film director and screenwriter .
Bertrand Renard was born in Paris , and studied classics ( French / Latin / Greek ) at the Sorbonne , and passed one the Agrégation de Lettres Classiques but failed .
Walter Hood Fitch ( 28 February 1817 -- 1892 ) was a botanical illustrator , born in Glasgow , Scotland , who executed some 10,000 drawings for various publications .
Māris Verpakovskis ( born 15 October 1979 in Liepāja ) , is a retired Latvian footballer .
Vincent Gil ( born 1939 , Sydney ) is an Australian film and television actor best known for his portrayal of the character Nightrider in the 1979 film Mad Max , and Stone .
On 24 May 2000 , the sight of Saad Haddad 's statue being dragged through the streets of the Lebanese town of Marjayoun was a sure sign that the South Lebanon Army was gone .
Lily Sobhani , born 15 October 1976 in Norfolk , England , is a live events producer who specializes in producing large , internationally broadcast music events , usually with a charity component .
J. Mark Scearce was born in Edina , Missouri and grew up in neighboring Kirksville .
Laurence Kaptain ( born 1952 , Elgin , Illinois USA ) is an American symphonic cimbalom artist .
Janelle Taylor ( born June 28 , 1944 in Athens , Georgia ) is an American author of historical romance novels .
Lina Qostal ( Arabic : لينا قوستال‎ ; born 11 March 1997 in Rabat ) is a Moroccan tennis player .
Larry Gene Bell was born in Ralph , Alabama and had three sisters and one brother .
Robert Turnbull Macpherson was born on 27 February 1814 in Dalkeith , Scotland , outside the city of Edinburgh .
Rodrigo Gularte was born into a wealthy family in the southern Brazilian city of Foz do Iguaçu , Paraná .
François Pinault was born on 21 August 1936 in Les Champs - Géraux , a commune in the north of Brittany .
Adolf Taimi ( 1881 , Saint Petersburg -- 1955 ) was a Finnish Communist leader and a member of the Red government in 1918 , during the Finnish Civil War , after which he fled to the Russian SFSR .
Moses Schneider first worked as an assistant engineer during the mid and late eighties at Sinus Studio and from 1987 until 1989 in the Hansa Tonstudio in Berlin where he received one of his first international credits as engineer on Pixies ' `` Bossanova '' .
Ruth Jacott ( born September 2 , 1960 in Paramaribo ) is a Dutch singer , originally from Suriname .
Ulrich Libbrecht ( born 10 July 1928 , Avelgem ) is a Belgian philosopher and active writer in the field of comparative philosophy .
Aadil Assana ( born 18 January 1993 in Marignane ) is a Comorian football player who last played for club Monaco in Ligue 1 .
Günter Mast ( July 4 , 1927 in Braunschweig -- February 28 , 2011 in Lutterloh in the municipality of Unterlüß ) was a German businessman .
Æthelthryth was probably born in Exning , near Newmarket in Suffolk .
Ernie Bateman ( born 5 April 1929 in Hemel Hempstead ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a centre half for Watford .
Alan Mauritz Swanson ( born Chicago , Illinois 29 October 1941 ) is an American composer and academic who lives in the Netherlands .
Tomáš Pilík ( born 20 December 1988 in Příbram ) is a professional Czech footballer player , playing currently for FC Zbrojovka Brno .
Rich Harrison ( born in 1979 ) is an American record producer and songwriter from Washington , D.C. , specializing in R&B and hip hop music .
Mathieu Perget ( born 18 September 1984 in Montauban ) is a French road bicycle racer , who currently rides for the Rietumu - Delfin team .
Bassel Bawji was born in Santa Monica , Los Angeles in December 26 , 1989 , to parents Nazih Bawji and Sawsan El Sayed .
Abdulwaheed Afolabi ( born December 8 , 1991 in Kaduna ) is a Nigerian professional football player who last played in the Moldovan National Division for Saxan Gagauz Yeri .
João Ananias ( born January 12 , 1991 in Recife ) is a Brazilian football right - back who currently plays for Náutico .
Fan Peipei ( Chinese : 范培培 ; born 11 January 1985 in Nanjing , Jiangsu ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Chongqing Lifan .
Tona Scherchen , also Tona Scherchen - Hsiao ( Simplified Chinese : 萧桐 ; born 12 March 1938 in Neuchâtel ) , is one of the first composers who brought Chinese elements into European avant - garde art music .
John Pezzenti , Jr. ( June 12 , 1952 - December 3 , 2007 ) was an American wildlife photographer born in Newington , Connecticut , but who spent much of his life taking pictures of wildlife in the Alaskan wilderness .
Jiří Kaufman ( born 28 November 1979 in Pardubice , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech football striker currently playing for Bohemians 1905 who formerly played for Erzgebirge Aue and Czech second division side Hradec Králové .
Erika Burkart ( February 8 , 1922 , Aarau -- April 14 , 2010 ) was a Swiss writer and poet .
Valdomiro Vaz Franco , better known as Valdomiro ( born 17 February 1946 , in Criciúma ) , is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker .
Roger Rolhion ( born 4 January 1909 , date of death unknown ) was a French footballer and coach , born in Montpellier ( Hérault ) .
Ram Jethmalani was born Shikarpur in the Sindh division of the then Bombay Presidency , now part of Pakistan in the family of Boolchand Gurmukhdas Jethmalani and Parbati Boolchand .
Byron Erickson , born February 3 , 1951 in Tucson , Arizona , works at Egmont , and was Don Rosa 's editor .
Hubertus von Bonin ( born 3 August 1911 , Potsdam -- 15 December 1943 ) was a German Second World War fighter ace who served in the Luftwaffe .
Kuzma Petrov - Vodkin was born in Khvalynsk ( Saratov Oblast ) into the family of a local shoemaker .
Srđan Gašić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cpђaн Гaшић , born 23 November 1975 in Rijeka ) is a retired Serbian football player .
Markus Sammer ( born May 20 , 1988 in Kufstein ) is an Austrian bobsledder .
In 1946 Dino Battaglia became part of the so - called Group of Venice with Fernando Carcupino , Hugo Pratt and Damiano Damiani .
Veronica Hamel ( born November 20 , 1943 , in Philadelphia ) is an American actress and model .
Marina Aidaeva ( Chechen : Марина Айдаева ) ( born in Grozny , Chechnya ) is a popular Chechen torch singer .
Marco Adaggio ( born 6 October 1987 in Málaga , Spain ) is an Anglo - Italian association footballer , who plays as a striker for Hinckley AFC .
Jeanne Germaine Berthe Agnès Souret was a French - Basque born in Biarritz south - western France on January 21 , 1902 .
Ana Mihajlović ( Cyrillic : Ана Михајловић ; born May 20 , 1986 in Kragujevac , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian fashion model .
Nikolai Stojanov was born in Grodno , Russia ( now in Belarus ) on 21 November ( O.S. 9 November ) 1883 .
Radim Uzel ( born 27 March 1940 in Ostrava ) is a Czech sexologist and director of the Society for Family Planning and Sexual Education ( Společnost pro plánování rodiny a sexuální výchovu ) .
Anderson Andrielle Pereira Vieira , ( born 30 April 1983 in Marabá ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Shensa Arak F.C.
Hossam Haick born into Arab Christian family in Nazareth .
Orlanda Velez Isidro was born on 6 March 1972 in Évora , Portugal , and began her musical studies at age seven studying piano and violin .
Pytheas of Massalia ( Ancient Greek : Πυθέας ὁ Μασσαλιώτης ; Latin : Pitheas Massiliae ; fl . 4th century BC ) , was a Greek geographer and explorer from the Greek colony of Massalia ( modern - day Marseille ) .
Frank Weddig was born in West Bend , Wisconsin and was an electrician by trade .
Alessio Secco ( born 5 January 1970 in Turin ) was an Italian director of football for the Italian Serie A club Juventus .
Rev. Paul Beyerl , ( pronounced `` bye'-rul '' ) born 1945 in Owen , Wisconsin , is known as an author and educator , and particularly as a Wiccan priest , in Wiccan and neopagan circles .
Antimachus ( Greek : Ἀντίμαχος ) , of Colophon or Claros , Greek poet and grammarian , flourished about 400 BC . Scarcely anything is known of his life .
Sterling North 's maternal grandparents , James Hervey Nelson and Sarah Orelup Nelson , were Wisconsin pioneers .
Alexander Vasilyevich Alexandrov , known as Sacha , was born on 13 April in Plakhino , a village south - east of Moscow .
Robert Marting was born in King County , Seattle , Washington , The son of a Navy pilot , Marting spent time as a child in Thousand Oaks , California before growing up in Colleyville , Texas , a small town in suburban Fort Worth .
Lowell Lo ( simplified Chinese : 卢冠廷 ; traditional Chinese : 盧冠廷 ; pinyin : Lú Guàntíng ; born October 12 , 1950 ) is a Hong Kong musician , singer - songwriter and actor .
Boro Drašković ( Serbian : Боро Драшковић , born May 29 , 1935 in Sarajevo , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian director , playwright and screenwriter .
Walter Karp was born in Brooklyn , New York City , and studied anthropology at Columbia College of Columbia University , and was graduated as valedictorian of the class of 1955 .
Max Seela was born on 15 July 1911 at Schöneiche near Berlin .
Davy McDougall played locally for Irvine Meadow .
Nikolay Lvov , descendant of the Rurikid Lvov princely family , was born in an impoverished country estate 16 kilometers from Torzhok .
Midhat Pasha was born in Istanbul in the Islamic month of Safar , 1238 AH ( which began on 18 October 1822 ) , into a well - established family of Muslim scholars .
Boris Bandov ( born November 23 , 1953 in Livno , PR Bosnia and Herzegovina , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a retired Yugoslavian - American soccer player who currently coaches youth soccer .
Steve Physioc ( /ˈfɪziɒk/ ; born December 28 , 1954 in Summit , New Jersey ) is an American sportscaster who has called play - by - play for various baseball , basketball , and football teams .
Nicholas Brendon was born Nicholas Brendon Schultz on April 12 , 1971 , in Los Angeles , three minutes after his identical twin brother , Kelly Donovan .
Roberto Maltagliati ( born 7 April 1969 in Cuggiono , Milan ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) player , currently playing with Canavese .
Miroslav Škoro ( born 29 July 1962 , Osijek ) is a Croatian musician and politician .
Thomas Olsson ( born 15 February 1976 in Åtvidaberg ) is a Swedish footballer who play for Särö IK in Division 5 .
Denisse Oller ( born September 30 , ? ? in Puerto Rico ) is a chef , broadcaster , journalist , newspaper columnist , and a former Emmy award winning and acclaimed national news anchor for Univision Network and Telemundo Network .
Fernando Gaitán Salom ( Born November 9 , 1960 in Bogotá ) is a Colombian TV series and telenovelas screenwriter as well as a producer .
Ali Latifi ( Persian : علی لطیفی‎‎ ) ( born February 20 , 1976 in Ardabil ) is a retired Iranian football ( soccer ) player .
Alexander von Schlippenbach ( sometimes referred to as Alex von Schlippenbach ) ( born 7 April 1938 in Berlin ) is a German jazz pianist and composer .
Father Matta El Meskeen was born Youssef Eskander in Banha , Qalyubia Governorate , Egypt , in 1919 , although the website for the St. Macarius monastery says that he was born in Damanhour , Egypt .
Daughter of the successful Greek businessman André Mentzelopoulos , Corinne Mentzelopoulos was born in Boulogne - Billancourt , just west of Paris .
Nemer Saadé ( Arabic : نمر سعاده‎ ) ( born September 29 , 1976 in Beirut ) is a Lebanese fashion designer for men .
Naby Diarso ( born 31 December 1976 in Conakry ) is a Guinean footballer , who currently plays with Satellite FC .
Tobias Künzel ( born May 26 , 1964 in Leipzig ) is a German Pop artist and composer , best known as one of the lead singers for the group ' Die Prinzen ' .
Chris Spendlove ( born 18 December 1984 in Liverpool ) is an English footballer who also served as an assistant coach for Oklahoma City Energy FC in the USL Professional Division .
Riccardo Campa ( born 4 May 1967 , in Mantua ) is Professor of Sociology at the University of Cracow .
David Usher was born in Oxford , England to a Thai Buddhist , artist Samphan Usher , and a Jewish Montrealer , Dan Usher , who is a professor of economics at Queen 's University .
John Ogu ( born 20 April 1988 in Lagos ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a Central Midfielder for Israeli Premier League side Hapoel Be'er Sheva .
Iain Ferguson ( born 4 August 1962 , in Newarthill , North Lanarkshire ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a striker for numerous Scottish clubs during the 1980s and 90s .
Boris Bališ ( born 23 November 1993 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Spartak Trnava juniori , as a winger .
Amity Gaige was born in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States , to an academic father and a psychologist mother .
Henry Wilson was born in Farmington , New Hampshire on February 16 , 1812 , one of several children born to Winthrop and Abigail ( Witham ) Colbath .
Achille Variati ( Vicenza , 19 January 1953 ) is an Italian politician who is Mayor of Vicenza .
Charles Nelson Pogue ( 15 September 1897 - 1985 ) was a Canadian mechanic and inventor who in the 1930s filed a series of US patents for a miracle carburetor ( sometimes called the Winnipeg carburetor ) that would enable a car to attain 200 mpg , and described as a vapourising or sometimes a catalytic carburetor .
Jon Lynn Christensen ( born February 20 , 1963 , in St. Paul , Nebraska ) is a former member of the United States House of Representatives .
Arthur Trebitsch was born on 17 April 1880 in Vienna , the son of wealthy Jewish silk industrialist Leopold Trebitsch .
Klayton da Silva Santos ( born 15 September 1986 in São Luís , Maranhão ) , also known as Klayton da Silva , is a Brazilian footballer .
Vincent Vittoz ( born 17 July 1975 in Annecy , Haute - Savoie ) is a French cross - country skier and non - commissioned officer .
Martin Bucer was born in Sélestat ( Schlettstadt ) , Alsace , a free imperial city of the Holy Roman Empire .
Born in Guéret , Creuse , Marcel Jouhandeau grew up in a world of women presided over by his grandmother .
Hannah Nielsen ( born December 1987 in Adelaide , Australia ) is first assistant women 's lacrosse coach at the University of Colorado .
Alejandra Boero ( December 9 , 1918 -- May 4 , 2006 ) was an Argentine theater actress and director born in Buenos Aires .
Jorge Luis Siviero ( born May 13 , 1952 ) , is a Uruguayan football coach and former player Siviero was born in Montevideo .
Oliver Gammelgaard better known by his stage name TopGunn ( born 3 April 1991 ) is a Danish rapper and music producer from Nørrebro , Copenhagen .
Hartog Hamburger ( Amsterdam , March 20 , 1887 - Amsterdam , October 10 , 1924 ) was a Dutch diamond polisher and baseball player .
Ralph Hone was born in Hove , Sussex , and was educated at Varndean Grammar School , Brighton .
Jane Booker ( born 9 May 1956 in Stratford - upon - Avon , Warwickshire , England ) is an English actress .
Monia Baccaille ( born April 10 , 1984 in Marsciano ) is an Italian professional cyclist .
Aimee Mullins ( born July 20 , 1976 in Allentown , Pennsylvania ) is an American athlete , actress , and fashion model who first became famous for her athletic accomplishments .
Francis Thomas Bacon OBE FREng FRS ( 21 December 1904 at Ramsden Hall , Billericay , Essex , England -- 24 May 1992 ) was an English engineer who developed the first practical hydrogen -- oxygen fuel cell .
Otto Kurz FBA ( 26 May 1908 , Vienna - 3 September 1975 , London ) was a historian and Slade Professor of Fine Art , University of Oxford .
Anatolius of Laodicea ( early 3rd century -- July 3 , 283 ) , also known as Anatolius of Alexandria , was Bishop of Laodicea on the Mediterranean coast of Roman Syria , and was one of the foremost scholars of his day in the physical sciences as well as in Aristotelean philosophy .
Born in Wheeling , West Virginia , Billy Cox was raised in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and attended Schenley High School .
Alessandro Carrozza ( born 1 February 1982 in Gallipoli , Apulia ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Spezia on loan from Verona .
Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar was born in a Hindu Brahmin family to Thakurdas Bandyopadhyay and Bhagavati Devi at Birsingha village in the Ghatal subdivision of Paschim Midnapore District on 26 September 1820 .
Eupompus ( Ancient Greek : Εὔπομπος ) was the founder of the great Sicyonic school of painting which flourished in the 4th century BC at Sicyon in Ancient Greece .
Linas Pilibaitis ( born 5 April 1985 in Kretinga ) is a Lithuanian professional footballer playing for VMFD Zalgiris Vilnius .
David Hirschfelder ( born 18 November 1960 , Ballarat , Victoria ) is an Australian musician , film score composer and performer .
Stephan Ebn ( born 13 February 1978 in Kelheim , Lower Bavaria ) is a German drummer and music producer .
Margarete Rabe , born in Neustadt - Glewe on October 2 , 1923 , was a guard at two concentration camps from November 1944 until April 1945 .
Kristýna Nováková ( born 24 April 1983 ) is a Czech film and television actress , born in Prague .
Lois Phillips Hudson was born in Jamestown , North Dakota on August 24 , 1927 , to Carl Wayne Phillips and Aline Runner Phillips ; she was the eldest of three daughters born to the couple .
Charlie Byrd was born in Suffolk , Virginia , in 1925 and grew up in the town of Chuckatuck , Virginia .
Rudolf Gellesch ( 1 May 1914 in Gelsenkirchen - 20 August 1990 ) was a German football forward .
Luis Vernet ( born Louis Vernet in 1791 ; died in 1871 ) was a merchant from Hamburg of Huguenot descent .
Luca Pedersoli ( born 16 March 1971 in Gavardo ) is an Italian rally driver .
Jesse Fuller McDonald ( June 30 , 1858 -- February 25 , 1942 ) was an American public official civil engineer and surveyor , born in Ashtabula , Ohio .
Wolfgang Seiler ( born January 22 , 1940 in Remscheid ) is a German biogeochemists and climatologists .
Simion Mehedinți ( Romanian pronunciation : ( simiˈon meheˈdint͡sʲ ) ; October 19 , 1868 -- December 14 , 1962 in Soveja ) was a Romanian geographer and member of the Romanian Academy .
Elijah Wood was born in 1981 in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , the second of three children .
Daniel Esteban Buitrago Tamayo or simply Daniel Buitrago ( born February 27 , 1991 in Medellín ) is a Colombian professional football player .
Jiří Weiss ( March 29 , 1913 -- April 9 , 2004 ) was a film director and screenwriter born to a wealthy Jewish family in Prague .
Alex Di Giorgio ( born 28 July 1990 in Rome ) is an Italian swimmer .
Rinat Morozov ( Ukrainian : Рінат Вікторович Морозов , born October 24 , 1969 in Kharkiv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football manager .
Salesi Finau ( born 5 May 1973 in Neiafu , Vava'u , Tonga ) is a Tongan former rugby footballer .
Josef Ignaz Mildorfer ( 13 Oct 1719 , Innsbruck -- 8 Dec 1775 , Vienna ) , was an Austrian painter .
Gérson Rodrigues Andreotti known as Gérson Andreotti ( born October 19 , 1953 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian football manager and former Defensive midfielder .
Sébastien Charlier ( Beaumont - sur - Oise , 1971 ) is a French diatonic harmonica player .
Rodolfo Barragán Schwarz ( born Monterrey , 1931 ) is a Mexican architect .
Rod Lyon was born in Cornwall and trained as a civil engineer .
Geir Pollen ( born 4 April 1953 in Målselv ) is a Norwegian poet , novelist and translator .
Saida Fikri ( Arabic : سعيدة فكري‎ ; born in Casablanca ) is a Moroccan singer and composer .
Grzegorz Eitel ( born January 14 , 1981 in Warsaw ) is a Polish judoka .
D. J. Waldie ( Donald J. Waldie ) is an American essayist , memoirist , translator , and editor who also is the former Deputy City Manager of Lakewood , California .
Jean Cézard , or Jean Caesar , ( born March 23 , 1924 in Membrey , Haute - Saône , and died April 8 , 1977 ) was a French cartoonist and comic artist .
Otto Karl Gessler was born on 6 February 1875 in Ludwigsburg in the Kingdom of Württemberg as the son of the non - commissioned officer Otto Gessler and his wife Karoline ( née Späth ) .
Ben Gold was born September 8 , 1898 to Israel and Sarah ( Droll ) Gold , Jews living in Bessarabia , a province of the Russian Empire .
Michael Loewe was born on 2 November 1922 in Oxford , England , to a distinguished Anglo - Jewish family .
Leonardo Bertagnolli ( born 8 January 1978 in Trento ) is a retired Italian professional road bicycle racer , who rode as a professional between 2002 and 2012 .
Léopold Dion ( February 25 , 1920 - 17 November 1972 ) was a Canadian sex offender and serial killer who was active in Quebec in the 1960s .
Buki Akib ( born 2 January 1979 in Petersfield ) is a British actress and Fashion Designer .
Lou Hirsch ( born February 27 , 1955 ) is an American actor , born and raised in Brooklyn , New York , United States , and currently based in the United Kingdom .
Luca Giurato ( born 23 December 1939 in Rome ) is an Italian journalist and presenter .
Deivydas Matulevičius ( born 8 April 1989 in Alytus ) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a striker for FC Botoșani in the Liga I.
Ricardo Zohn - Muldoon ( born 1962 , in Guadalajara , México ) is a Mexican - American composer and chair of the composition department at Eastman School of Music .
Matej Beňuš ( born 2 November 1987 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed since the early 2000s .
Francesco Messina was born at Linguaglossa in the Province of Catania from a very poor family .
Gérard Jarry ( Châtellerault , 6 June 1936 -- Saint - Eliph , 18 January 2004 ) was a French violinist .
Per Joar Hansen ( born 17 August 1965 in Namsos ) is a Norwegian football coach .
Nikolai Virta was born in the village of Bolshaya Lazovka in Tambov Governorate , into the family of a village priest who was shot in 1921 as a supporter of Aleksandr Antonov .
Ambrose Madtha was born in Belthangady , on 2 November 1955 to Joseph Madtha and Mary Madtha .
Éric Hély ( born 25 October 1964 , in Dourdan ) is a French former professional footballer and manager .
Frank Runyeon ( born August 23 , 1953 , Cleveland , Ohio , USA ) is an American actor most notably recognized for starring opposite Meg Ryan as Steve Andropoulos on CBS 's As the World Turns from 1980 to 1987 .
Frank Keating was born on February 10 , 1944 in St. Louis , Missouri but before he was six months old his family moved to Oklahoma and settled in Tulsa .
Luc Van den Bossche ( Aalst , 16 September 1947 ) is a Belgian socialist politician and father of Freya Van den Bossche .
Saul Raisin ( born January 6 , 1983 in Dalton , Georgia ) is an American former professional road bicycle racer with UCI ProTeam Crédit Agricole .
Mohammed Murad Ghaleb ( 1 April 1922 -- 18 December 2007 in Cairo ) was an Egyptian politician and diplomat who studied medicine at Cairo University .
John Quincy Adams was born on July 11 , 1767 , to John Adams and his wife Abigail Adams ( née Smith ) in a part of Braintree , Massachusetts that is now Quincy .
Valeriya Reznik ( born Valeriya Potemkina June 15 , 1985 in Moscow ) is a Russian short - track speed - skater .
David Vaudreuil ( born December 12 , 1966 in Honolulu , Hawaii ) is a retired American soccer player whose career spanned fifteen teams in over six leagues including seven seasons in Major League Soccer .
Shanice Craft ( born 15 May 1993 in Mannheim ) is a German athlete who competes in the discus throw and shot put .
Serge Djiehoua ( born September 25 , 1983 in Abidjan ) is an Ivorian football player who plays as a striker for Iğdır Arasspor .
On June 2 , 1817 Juan Victor Séjour was born in New Orleans to François Marcou , a free mulatto father from Saint - Domingue ( Haiti ) , and Eloisa Philippe Ferrand , a New Orleans quadroon .
Dragan Stančić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Станчић ; born February 12 , 1982 in Obrenovac ) , also known as `` Feng Jinlong '' ( Chinese : 冯金龙 ) in China , is a Serbian football coach and former football player .
A native of Frankfurt , Germany , Countess Leon was the daughter of Johann and Anna Maria Heuser .
Irek Mukhamedov OBE ( born March 8 , 1960 in Kazan , USSR ) , is a Soviet - born ballet dancer of Tatar origin who has danced with the Bolshoi Ballet & the Royal Ballet He trained at the Moscow Choreographic Institute under the guidance of Alexander Prokofiev between 1970 and 1978 .
Luis Enrique Mena ( born in Riosucio , Chocó on July 16 , 1992 ) is a Colombian football midfield , who currently plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A. Mena is a product of the Millonarios youth system and played with the Millonarios first team since April , 2008 .
Diego Antonio Caccia Torres ( born March 9 , 1971 in Buenos Aires ) , also known as Diego Torres , is an Argentine two Grammy Award - nominated pop singer , songwriter , composer , musician and actor ( of films , theater and television ) .
Han Yanming ( Chinese : 韩燕鸣 ; born October 26 , 1982 in Tianjin ) is a Chinese football player .
Sofia Shapatava ( Georgian : სოფია შაფათავა ; born 12 January 1989 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian tennis player .
Norma Chávez ( born 29 June 1960 ) served seven terms as a Democratic member in the Texas House of Representatives representing District 76 which includes part of El Paso County .
Alexander Korsantia ( born 1965 , Tbilisi ) is a Georgian international award - winning pianist .
Hans Neurath was born in Vienna , Austria and received his doctorate in 1933 from the University of Vienna .
Jimmy Yeary ( born in Hillsboro , Ohio ) is an American country music singer and songwriter .
Locke Craig , was born in Bertie County , North Carolina on August 16 , 1860 .
José Revueltas Sánchez ( November 20 , 1914 , Canatlán , Durango -- April 14 , 1976 ) was a Mexican writer , essayist , and political activist .
Johann August Unzer was born on April 27 , 1727 in Halle an der Saale , to a family of medical practitioners .
Hanne Haugland ( born December 14 , 1967 in Haugesund ) is a former Norwegian high jumper .
General Fateh Naseeb Khan , Bahadur OBI CIE KB ( Urdu : فتح نصیب خان‎ , Hindi : फतेह नसीब खान ; 1890 -- 1933 ) , was the General - in - chief of Alwar State Forces and a confidant of Maharaja Jai Singh Prabhakar Bahadur , who was the Maharaja of Alwar State .
Iliya Dzhivondov ( Cyrillic : Илия Дживондов ; born 6 March 1978 in Plovdiv ) is a retired Bulgarian athlete who competed in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles .
Miroslav Šarić ( born 7 February 1986 in Zagreb , Croatia ) , is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Eastern .
Ernie McCoy ( February 19 , 1921 in Reading , Pennsylvania -- February 4 , 2001 ) was an American racecar driver .
Monique Jansen ( born 3 October 1978 , Harderwijk ) is a Dutch athlete specializing in the discus throw .
Vicki Hodge ( born 17 October 1946 in London ) is an English actress and Model .
Rabbi Mario Rojzman is a bilingual Torah scholar born in Buenos Aires in 1962 .
Azra Kolaković was born in the western Bosnian city of Bihać to Bosniak parents .
Yobes Ondieki ( born February 21 , 1961 in Kisii , Nyanza ) is a former Kenyan 5000 m runner , who won the World Championships ' gold medal in Tokyo 1991 .
Garry Williamson Barnes ( born 24 January 1982 ) , formerly known as Garry Williamson , is an English footballer who played in the Football League for Darlington .
Henrik Flöjt ( May 24 , 1952 , Kajaani -- September 26 , 2005 ) was a Finnish biathlete , world champion and Olympic medalist .
Pender Hodge Cudlip was born to William Edgecombe Cudlip in Porthleven near Helston , Cornwall in April 1835 .
Zori Balayan ( Armenian : Զորի Բալայան ) born February 10 , 1935 in Stepanakert is an Armenian novelist , journalist , sports doctor , traveler and sports expert .
Andreas Vojta ( born 9 June 1989 in Vienna ) is an Austrian middle - distance runner .
Jaana Savolainen ( born 23 January 23 1964 in Lappeenranta ) is a Finnish former cross - country skier who competed from 1984 to 1993 .
Matthieu Bochu ( born March 31 , 1979 in Arras ) is a French professional football player .
Don Wycherley ( born 1967 in Skibbereen , County Cork ) is an Irish actor , probably best known for the portrayal of Father Cyril McDuff in the comedy Father Ted .
Li Shenglong ( Chinese : 李圣龙 ; born 27 January 1993 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Dongya .
Frank Erickson ( 1896 -- March 2 , 1968 ) was born in New York to parents of Swedish and Irish descent .
Vonetta Flowers ( born Vonetta Jeffery on October 29 , 1973 in Birmingham , Alabama ) is an American bobsledder and athlete .
Eiríkur Hauksson ( born July 4 , 1959 in Reykjavik ) is an Icelandic heavy metal vocalist who is trained as a teacher .
Ron Biondo ( born August 10 , 1981 in Broadview Heights , Ohio ) is a short track speed skater from the United States who won bronze in the 500 m at the 2002 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships .
Moreover , Vyjayanthimala is an avid golfer and is one of the oldest in Chennai .
Christiane Nüsslein - Volhard ( born 20 October 1942 in Magdeburg ) is a German biologist .
Bernard Okorowanta ( born December 11 , 1986 in Lagos ) is a Nigerian Midfielder who plays for Enyimba FC .
Tamra Mercieca ( born 29 September 1980 ) is an Australian author , therapist , and founder of Getting Naked Pty Ltd. Mercieca was born in Kyneton , Victoria , where she attended Kyneton Secondary College , before going on to complete a Graduate Diploma of Arts in Commercial Radio in Melbourne .
Yeldos Smetov was born in Taraz , Kazakhstan . He studies in Al - Farabi Kazakh National University at the faculty of biology and biotechnology .
Kenneth Zeigbo ( born June 16 , 1977 in Enugu ) is a Nigerian retired footballer who currently works as a Security guards .
Martin Pieckenhagen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmaʁtiːn ˈpiːkənhaːɡən ) ; born 15 November 1971 in East Berlin ) is a retired German footballer .
Manuel Prast was a football player who played for Real Madrid between 1904 - 1908 and 1912 - 1914 .
Mahmoud Kalari , ( Persian : محمود کلاری ; born April 31 , 1951 ) in Tehran , is an Iranian cinematographer , screenwriter , film director and photographer , who has worked with most of renown Iranian directors such as Abbas Kiarostami , Jafar Panahi , Asghar Farhadi and Mohsen Makhmalbaf in their award - winning works .
Upendra Sidhaye ( born 8 October 1980 ) , born and brought up in Pune , is a screenplay and story writer in Indian Film industry ( Bollywood ) .
Neisha ( real name Neža Buh ) , born on January 5 , 1982 in Ljubljana , is a Slovenian pianist and pop singer .
Luis González Vale ( born 1930 in Río Piedras , Puerto Rico ) is the latest of many historians who have held the post of Official Historian of Puerto Rico , having succeeded Pilar Barbosa in the post .
Law Chun Bong ( Chinese : 羅振邦 ; Jyutping : lo4 zan3 bong1 , born 25 January 1981 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong professional football player who currently plays for Yokohama FC Hong Kong .
Michele Palazzi ( born 27 November 1984 ) is an Italian documentary photographer born in Rome .
An avid fan of home town team Bolton Wanderers , Phil Stant 's route into professional football came after a career in the military .
Jeremy McGrath ( born November 19 , 1971 in San Francisco , California ) is one of the most popular American Motocross / Supercross champions in the history of the sport .
Jon Elster ( born February 22 , 1940 , Oslo ) is a Norwegian social and political theorist who has authored works in the philosophy of social science and rational choice theory .
Alireza Noori ( or sometimes Ali - Reza Nouri ) ( Persian : علیرضا نوری ‎‎ , born in Isfahan , died October 31 , 2002 ) was a member of the 6th Iranian parliament and a supporter of President Mohammad Khatami 's reform programs .
Allan Zeman was born in Regensburg , Germany ; and was raised in Montreal , Canada , where his mother worked in a hospital .
Philippe Vandevelde , working under the pseudonym Tome ( born 24 February 1957 in Brussels ) , is a comics script writer .
Giovanni Battista Michelini ( also called il Folignate ) ( 1604 - -1655 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Foligno and Rome .
Elli Medeiros ( born 18 January 1956 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a singer and actress .
Katalin Karády was born as Katalin Kanczler , on 8 December 1910 in Budapest .
Alberto Manguel ( born 1948 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine Canadian anthologist , translator , essayist , novelist and editor .
Mo Huilan ( simplified Chinese : 莫慧兰 ; traditional Chinese : 莫慧蘭 ; pinyin : Mò Huìlán ; born 1979 in Guilin , Guangxi ) is a retired Chinese gymnast who competed at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta .
Jarryd James Klapper ( born December 1984 , Brisbane ) is an Australian alternative pop singer - songwriter and producer who performs as Jarryd James .
The son of Baptist minister David T. Hill , David Jayne Hill was born in Plainfield , New Jersey on June 10 , 1850 .
Kris Holmes ( born 1950 , Reedley , California ) is a typeface designer , a calligrapher and an animator .
Mecnur Çolak ( born 7 August 1967 in Razgrad , Bulgaria ) is a former Bulgarian - born Turkish footballer .
Allano was born in Rio de Janeiro , and finished his formation with Botafogo .
Joseph Nourse ( London , England , 16 July 1754 - Washington D.C. , 1841 ) was the first United States Register of the Treasury whose career spanned forty years and six presidential administrations .
Bruno Nobili ( born 7 October 1949 in Valencia , Venezuela ) is an Italian - Venezuelan professional football coach and a former player .
Edward Betts was born at Buckland , near Dover , son of William Betts ( 1790 - -1867 ) , a successful contractor 's agent and railway contractor .
Peter Wrolich ( born 30 May 1974 in Vienna ) is a retired Austrian ( Carinthian Slovene ) professional road bicycle racer .
Herbert Neumann ( born 14 November 1953 in Cologne ) is a retired footballer who played for 1 .
Laurent Poliquin ( born 1975 in Trois - Rivières ) is an award - winning Franco - Manitoban poet .
Theophilus Browne ( 1763 - -1835 ) was a Unitarian clergyman who was born in 1763 in Derby , England .
Thomas Corsan Morton ( 1859 - -1928 ) was a Scottish artist , known as one of the Glasgow Boys .
Mikhail Simonyan ( born 1986 ) is a violinist from Novosibirsk .
Bruce McFee ( born 1961 , Johnstone , Renfrewshire ) is a former Scottish politician .
Giulia Conti ( Rome , 4 November 1985 ) is an Italian sailor .
Ryan Hartslief ( born 28 February 1978 in Cork ) is a retired Irish footballer and rugby player .
Kaoru Kobayashi ( 小林 薫 Kobayashi Kaoru , born on September 4 , 1951 ) is a Japanese actor born in Kyoto .
Antoni Heda was born in 1916 in the village of Małomierzyce near Iłża to a local peasant family .
Wendy McMurdo ( born 1962 in Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a British artist who specialises in photography and digital media .
Ruggero Ceppellini ( Milan , 1917 -- 1988 ) was a leading Italian geneticist .
Marie - Sœurette Mathieu ( Port - au - Prince , August 10 , 1949 ) is a Haitian sociologist , teacher and writer who lives currently in Quebec .
Tappan was born in Northampton , Massachusetts , the second child and oldest son of Benjamin Tappan and Sarah ( Homes ) Tappan , who was a grandniece of Benjamin Franklin .
Olivia Putman grew up in Paris with her mother , Andrée Putman , a designer , and her father Jacques Putman , an art collector , editor and critic .
Coll was born Ivonne Coll Mendoza in Fajardo , Puerto Rico where she received her primary and secondary education .
Anni Holdmann ( born 28 January 1900 in Hamburg - 2 November 1960 ) was a German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres .
Gopinath Bordoloi ( Assamese : গোপীনাথ বৰদলৈ ; 1890 - -1950 ) was a Prime Minister of undivided Assam before independence and later Chief Minister of the Indian state of Assam , and also a leading Indian independence activist .
Zsolt Semjén ( born 8 August 1962 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian politician , currently minister without portfolio and Deputy Prime Minister in the second and third cabinet of Prime Minister Viktor Orbán .
Christine Bøe Jensen ( born June 3 , 1975 in Hammerfest ) is a Norwegian former footballer and Olympic champion .
Born in São Bernardo do Campo , Deco spent time at Corinthians as a youngster , competing in the Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior for them .
Giovanni Donato da Montorfano ( c. 1460 - -1502/1503 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance who was born , lived , and worked in Milan .
Born in Schöneberg , Berlin , Marcks was the son of the German historian Erich Marcks and his wife Friederike , née von Sellin .
Linda Davidson ( born 18 June 1964 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian - British former actress , writer and a media corporate .
Elena Georgescu - Nedelcu ( born April 10 , 1964 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian coxswain who has won five Olympic medals in the eights competition .
Roscoe Mitchell ( born August 3 , 1940 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American composer , jazz instrumentalist and educator , mostly known for being `` a technically superb -- if idiosyncratic -- saxophonist . ''
Christian Laettner was born and raised in Angola , New York ( near Buffalo and Niagara Falls ) to a blue - collar Roman Catholic family .
Hoyt Yeatman ( born January 23 , 1955 in San Francisco , California , USA ) is an American visual effects artist and supervisor .
Vincent McBride ( born 1934 in Stalybridge , Greater Manchester , England ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Walsall and Mansfield Town .
Martin Tenk ( born 8 February 1972 in Ostrava ) is a Czech sports shooter and Olympic medalist .
Bruno Leonardo Vicente ( born 18 February 1989 in Cruzeiro do Sul , Paraná ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Italian club Akragas in Lega Pro .
Geir Karlsen first club was , Skidar , a local club i Skien .
Murphy Anderson was born on July 9 , 1926 , in Asheville , North Carolina , and while in grade school moved with his family to Greensboro , North Carolina .
Kostas Krystallis , was born in the village of Syrrako , Epirus , then Ottoman Empire .
Francis Jay Miltner ( September 29 , 1917 -- died April 29 , 1991 ) , known professionally as Jay Miltner , was an American radio and television announcer and news anchor , long associated with WKYC - TV in Cleveland , Ohio and its onetime sister radio outlet for four decades .
Robert de La Rochefoucauld was born in Paris , one of 10 children in a family living in a fashionable area near the Eiffel Tower .
George Loraine Stampa ( born as Giorgio Stampa , known as GL Stampa ) was born in Constantinople on 29 November 1875 , the son of George Dominic Stampa .
Mother Candlemas of San José was born Susana Paz Castillo in Altagracia de Orituco , State of Guárico , Venezuela , on August 11 , 1863 , daughter of Francisco de Paula Paz Castillo ane María del Rosario Ramírez .
Mélanie Turgeon ( born October 21 , 1976 in Alma , Quebec ) is a skier and former member of the Canadian national ski team .
Ģirts Karlsons ( born 7 June 1981 in Liepāja ) is a Latvian football striker , who is currently playing for the Latvian Higher League club FK Ventspils .
George Nanchoff ( born in 1954 , in Resen , Yugoslavia ( Republic of Macedonia ) ) is a retired Yugoslavian - American soccer player .
Christian Ferdinand Friedrich Hochstetter ( February 16 , 1787 -- February 20 , 1860 ) was a German botanist and Protestant minister born in Stuttgart .
Bouchra Jarrar ( born November 14 , 1970 in Cannes ) is a French haute couture fashion designer from Moroccan ancestry .
Ronald Finn ( 12 June 1930 -- 21 May 2004 ) was a medical researcher born in Liverpool , England .
Kevin Livingston ( born 24 May 1973 in St. Louis , Missouri ) was an American professional cyclist for eight years .
Soilhyo Mété ( also commonly spelled Soilyho Mété ) ( born January 5 , 1988 in Soisy - sous - Montmorency ) is a French - born Ivorian professional football player .
Natalie Hemby ( born in Nashville , Tennessee ) is an American country music songwriter .
Eugenio Domingo Solans ( 26 November 1945 in Barcelona -- 9 November 2004 ) was a Spanish economist and high - ranking civil servant .
Karen Minier ( born 22 March 1973 in Charleroi ) , is a Belgian television presenter .
Frederick Newton Arvin was born in Valparaiso , Indiana , and never used his given first name .
Carl Friedrich Richard Förster ( 15 November 1825 -- 7 July 1902 ) was a German ophthalmologist born in the town of Lissa ( today Leszno , Poland ) .
Oleg Safonov ( Russian : Олег Александрович Сафонов , born August 24 , 1960 in Ulyanovsk , Soviet Union ) is a Russian official .
Hamed Behdad ( Persian : حامد بهداد‎‎ , born 17 November 1973 in Mashhad ) , Iranian Film , Statge and Television Actor .
Alexander Brodsky was educated at the Moscow Architecture Institute where he graduated in 1978 .
Ramon Stoppelenburg ( born in Leiden , December 20 , 1976 ) is a Dutch serial entrepreneur and author known for using `` cyber - begging '' as a means to travel around the world and acquiring businesses .
Emir Said Mir Mohammed Alim Khan ( Uzbek : Said Mir Muhammad Olimxon , 3 January 1880 -- 28 April 1944 ) was the last emir representative of the Uzbek dynasty of Turkic of the Manghud , the last ruling dynasty of the Emirate of Bukhara in Central Asia .
Born in Bobbio , near Piacenza , Marco Bellocchio had a strict Catholic upbringing -- his father was a lawyer , his mother a schoolteacher .
Janet Gover ( b. Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian writer of over a dozen short stories and romance novels since 2002 .
Elena Barolo ( born 14 December 1982 , Turin ) is an Italian actress , showgirl and blogger .
Jacques Natteau ( 15 November 1920 -- 17 April 2007 ) was a French director of photography born in Istanbul , Turkey .
Zack Flores ( born August 31 , 1982 in Logan , Utah ) is an American - born Bolivian footballer currently without a club after being released by his most recent club , Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Division 2 Professional League .
Shum Kwok Pui ( Chinese : 岑國培 ; Jyutping : sam4 gwok3 pui4 ; born 11 August 1970 in Hong Kong , China ) is a Hong Kong football defensive midfielder and centre - back , who was plays for Eastern in Hong Kong First Division League during last season .
Brandy Clark was reared in Morton , Washington , a logging town of only 900 people in the shadow of Mount St. Helens .
Abe Walsh ( born March 30 , 1971 in Orange , California ) is an American author who has written extensively about his hunting , fishing and back - country adventures .
Craig Marshall ( born 1971 ) is a New York City -- based singer - songwriter originally from Syracuse , New York .
Jo Lemaire ( born 5 January 1956 ) is a Belgian singer born in Gembloux , Namur .
Louis - Charles Damais ( 1911 , Paris -- 23 May 1966 , Djakarta ) was a researcher at the École française d'Extrême - Orient ( EFEO ) .
Matthew Mayora ( born 10 March 1986 in Sydney ) is an Australian footballer who plays for Mounties Wanderers in the National Premier Leagues NSW 2 .
Grigoriy Mihaylovich Naginskiy ( born June 16 , 1958 in Orsk , Orenburg Oblast ) is a Russian statesman , Candidate of Sciences .
Edwin Chadwick was born on 24 January 1800 at Longsight , near Manchester , to James Chadwick .
Peter Fear ( born 10 September 1973 in the London Borough of Sutton ) is a retired English footballer , playing in central midfield .
Megateo was born in the urban area of the municipality of San Calixto , Norte de Santander .
Belinda Goss ( born 6 January 1984 in Devonport , Tasmania ) is a retired Australian professional racing cyclist .
Carmine Sessa , alias Carmine Marletta ( born 1951 ) is an Italian - American mobster , chef and hitman who became the consigliere of the Brooklyn - based Colombo crime family and played a key role in the family from 1991 to 1993 .
Shashikala was one of six children born in Solapur , Maharashtra to a well - to - do Marathi - speaking Jawalkar family .
Nynke Laverman ( Weidum , 14 April 1980 ) is a Frisian fado singer and actress .
Danton Stone ( born in Queens , New York ) is an American veteran stage , film and television actor .
Miguel Ángel Rubio Buedo ( born 31 August 1961 in Cuenca , Castile - La Mancha ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , and a current coach .
Sebastian Ghasemi - Nobakht ( Persian : سباستین قاسمی نوبخت‎‎ , born 11 October 1985 in Göttingen ) is a German footballer , who plays for CFC Hertha 06 .
Jeffrey W. Bullock is the current Secretary of State of Delaware , and Delaware 's 80th Secretary of State .
Aaron Neville ( born January 24 , 1941 , New Orleans , Louisiana , United States ) is an American R&B singer and musician .
Elvis Kotorri ( born 30 April 1979 in Elbasan ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Albanian club Korabi Peshkopi in the Albanian First Division .
Ellen Chan Ar - Lun ( born February 16 , 1966 ) is a Hong Kong actress who has appeared in a number of Hong Kong film productions .
In her pre - school years , Irina Rodnina suffered from pneumonia eleven times ; deciding to enroll her in an activity , in 1954 her parents brought her to her first skating rink , in the Pryamikov Children Park in Moscow .
Hélène de Saint Lager ( born 22 May 1957 ) is a French artist and sculptor based in Paris .
Gordon Cook ( born December 3 , 1978 , in Toronto ) is a two - time Canadian Olympic sailor .
Kemalettin Sami Gökçen ( 1884 ; Sinop , Kastamonu Vilayet -- 15 April 1934 ; Berlin ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army .
Fernando Ortega Bernés ( born February 16 , 1958 ) is a Mexican politician who served as the 16th Governor of Campeche from 2009 to 2015 .
Remo Camerota ( born on 17 April in Coventry , England ) is an English - Australian visual artist and film director .
Angela Eiter ( born 27 January 1986 in Arzl i m Pitztal ) is an Austrian professional climber .
Jürg Marquard ( born July 13 , 1945 in Zürich ) is a Swiss publisher .
Danilo Dolci was born in the Karstic town of Sežana ( now in Slovenia ) , at the time part of the Italian border region known as Julian March .
Devol Brett was born in California in 1923 at the Presidio of San Francisco , the son of U.S. Army Air Force General George Brett .
Luis Artime ( born 2 December 1938 in Parque Civit in Mendoza Province ) is a retired Argentine footballer , who played as a striker , and scored more than 1000 goals during his career .
Douglas Boyd ( born 1959 , Glasgow , Scotland ) is a British oboist and conductor .
Judy Rebick ( born in Reno , Nevada ) , arrived in Toronto at age 9 , and is a Canadian journalist , political activist , and feminist .
Artem Nych ( born March 21 , 1995 , in Kemerovo ) is a Russian cyclist riding for RusVelo .
Wellington Baroni ( born April 1st 1989 in Curitiba ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Club Atlético River Plate in Uruguay , as a defender .
Jahar Dasgupta ( born in Jamshedpur 1942 ) is an Indian painter .
Vincenzo Fagiolo S.T.D. J.C.D. ( 5 February 1918 in Segni -- 22 September 2000 ) was an Italian righteous among the nations , a Cardinal , and from 1990 until 1994 President of the Pontifical Council for Legislative Texts .
Roberto Fernández Retamar ( born June 9 , 1930 , Havana ) is a Cuban poet , essayist , literary critic and President of the Casa de las Américas .
Alan Pauls ( born 22 April 1959 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine writer , literary critic and screenwriter .
Mikhail Zhigalov was born in Kuibyshev ( now Samara ) May 2 , 1942 , which was evacuated mother of Mikhail during the Great Patriotic War .
Christoph Spycher ( born 30 March 1978 in Wolhusen ) is former Swiss football player .
Howardena Pindell , born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on April 14 , 1943 , to Howard and Mildred ( Lewis ) Douglas , is an American abstract artist .
Carlos Prats González was born in Talcahuano in 1915 , the oldest son of Carlos Prats Risopatrón and Hilda González Suárez .
Gillian Blake ( born 10 May 1949 ) , Buckingham , England is a retired British actress who became well known in the early 1970s as Dora in Follyfoot .
Hubert Willis ( 1876 , Reading , Berkshire , UK -13 December 1933 ) was a British actor .
Va Sokthorn was born in Le Creusot in the province of Burgundy to Cambodian parents from Kratié Province and Prey Veng Province .
Sean Fitzharris ( born 13 October 1991 , in Greenock ) is a Scottish football player , who plays for East Kilbride in the Lowland Football League .
Rachid Mekhloufi ( Arabic : رشيد مخلوفي‎ ) ( born 12 August 1936 in Sétif , Algeria ) is an Algerian former football striker .
Jeanne Hines ( born 1922 in West Virginia ) is an American writer of gothic novels as her real name and romance novels as Valerie Sherwood and Rosamond Royal .
Zdravko Mamić ( born 16 July 1959 in Bjelovar , PR Croatia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian football administrator and football manager .
Domenico Caruso ( San Martino di Taurianova , March 25 , 1933 ) is an Italian poet and writer .
Sigurður Þórarinsson was born in Vopnafjörður in northeastern Iceland in 1912 .
Olaf Janßen ( born 8 October 1966 in Krefeld ) is a retired German footballer who played in midfield and manager .
Nill De Pauw ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈnɪl də ˈpʌu ) ) ( born 6 January 1990 in Kinshasa ) to a Congolese mother and Belgian father , who plays as a striker for Ligue 1 club EA Guingamp .
Albrecht Mayer ( born June 3 , 1965 , Erlangen ) is a German classical oboist .
Jan Hrubý ( born 3 December 1948 , Prague , Czeschoslovakia ) is a Czech rock violinist .
Walter Stone Scott ( 1871 - -1948 ) , of New York City , was an auctioneer of postage stamps and postal history items .
Otto Gleichmann ( born 20 August 1887 in Mainz - died 2 November 1963 in Hannover ) was a key figure in German expressionism .
Doug Lefler ( born California ) is an American film director , screenwriter , film producer and storyboard artist , best known as director of the Dragonheart fantasy adventure film sequel , Dragonheart :
Marcin Żewłakow ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmart͡ɕin ʑɛvˈwakɔf ) ) ( born 22 April 1976 in Warsaw ) is a Polish football player .
Martin Harwit ( born March 9 , 1931 in Prague ) is a Czech - American astronomer , author , and was director of the National Air and Space Museum in Washington , D.C. from 1987 to 1995 .
Andre Mannaart ( born November 2 , 1960 , in Krommenie ) is a Dutch former kickboxer and mixed martial artist .
Fernando Iwasaki Cauti ( born 1961 , Lima ) is a Peruvian writer and historian .
Howard Hill played baseball , basketball , football , and golf as a home town hero at his high school in Wilsonville Alabama .
Lion Gardiner was born in England in 1599 and died in East Hampton , New York , in 1663 .
Toni Bertorelli ( born 9 September 1949 in Barge ) is an Italian actor .
Joan Elizabeth Woollard , PPRBSA ( 25 September 1916 -- 30 January 2008 ) was a Birmingham , England born artist , mainly specialising in sculpture .
Arthur Gee ( June 1892 in Earlestown , Newton - le - Willows , Lancashire -- 1959 ) was an English professional footballer .
Pamela Burford ( born August 9 , 1954 in Las Cruces , New Mexico , United States ) is an American novelist .
Arthur Thomas Nickson ( 4 February 1902 in Liverpool , England -- 5 January 1974 ) , was a British western fiction writer as Arthur Nickson , Matt Winstan , John Saunders , Arthur Hodson and Roy Peters , from 1956 to 1968 .
Ted Allan was born in Montreal as Alan Herman .
Pemulwuy ( aka Pimbloy , Pemulvoy , Pemulwoy , Pemulwye ) ( c1750 - 2 June 1802 ) was an Aboriginal Australian man born around 1750 in the area of Botany Bay in New South Wales .
James Bracey ( born 17 September 1984 ) , in Gosford , New South Wales ) is an Australian sports journalist .
Gonzalo Belloso ( born 30 March 1974 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football striker .
Bernd Moeller ( May 19 , 1931 in Berlin ) is a German Protestant theologian and church historian .
Allan Lake ( born 13 November 1983 on the Isle of Wight ) is a British radio presenter .
Penelope Houston ( born December 17 , 1958 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American singer - songwriter best known as the singer for the San Francisco - based punk rock band The Avengers .
Petar Baćović was born in 1898 in Kalinovik , a village within the Bosnia Vilayet , a province of the Ottoman Empire that was occupied by Austria - Hungary in 1878 .
Thierry Pallesco is a French organist and composer who was born in Paris in 1956 .
Marli Renfro ( born 1938 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American former showgirl , model , Playboy cover girl and actress .
David Floyd Weaver ( May 12 , 1941 -- November 17 , 2008 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who was born in Ben Franklin , Texas .
Martin Hollstein ( born April 2 , 1987 in Neubrandenburg ) is a German sprint canoer who has been competing since the late 2000s .
Tatiana Salem Levy ( born January 1979 , Lisbon ) is a Brazilian writer and translator .
Li Yanxi ( Chinese : 李延熙 ; pinyin : Lǐ Yánxī ; born June 26 , 1984 in Shijiazhuang , Hebei ) is a Chinese triple jumper .
Wiesław Michnikowski ( born June 3 , 1922 in Warsaw ) is a Polish stage and film actor .
Liu Jiashen ( simplified Chinese : 刘佳燊 ; traditional Chinese : 劉佳燊 ; pinyin : Liú Jiāshēn ; born 23 November 1991 in Qingdao , shandong ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Qingdao Hainiu .
Domenico Nordio is an Italian violinist who was born in Piove di Sacco ( 21 March 1971 ) .
Michèle Mouton was born 23 June 1951 in Grasse , a town on the French Riviera known for its perfume industry , close to the mountain stages famously featured in French rallies .
Antonio Ruberti was born in Aversa in the province of Caserta , Campania .
Reineldis was born in a place called Condacum ( which is identified with either Condé - sur - l'Escaut or Kontich ) .
Mira Mihelič was born in Split on 14 July 1912 , then Austria - Hungary ( now in Croatia ) as Mira Kramer .
Lorna Heilbron ( born 8 June 1948 ) is a Scottish actress born in Glasgow .
Louis Athol Shmith ( 19 August 1914 -- 21 October 1990 ) was a celebrated studio portrait and fashion photographer and photography educator in his home city of Melbourne , Australia , and contributed to the promotion of international photography within Australia as much as to the fostering of Australian photography in the world scene .
Enrico Cosenz ( January 12 , 1820 -- August 7 , 1898 ) was an Italian soldier born at Gaeta .
Amaury Nunes ( born January 26 , 1983 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a former Brazilian footballer who currently works for the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the NASL , as a Genernal Manager .
Pedro Atala is a Honduran business owner of Camosa which is the John Deere distributor in Honduras .
Karel Vácha ( born 2 August 1970 ) is a Czech former football player , who played most notably for České Budějovice and Slavia Prague .
Mérovée Ephrem ( born 7 February 1990 in Carpentras ) is a French figure skater who skated internationally for Monaco .
Paul Papp ( born 11 November 1989 in Dej ) is a Romanian footballer , who currently plays for Steaua București and the Romanian national team .
Ganna Walska was born Hanna Puacz on 26 June 1887 in Brest - Litovsk , Russian Empire to Napoleon Puacz and Karolina Massalska .
Szilveszter Hangya ( born 2 January 1994 in Baja ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Vasas SC .
Jodie Sands ( born Eleanor DiSipio ) was an American popular singer , who hailed from Philadelphia .
Chad La Tourette ( born October 7 , 1988 in Livermore , California ) is an American distance swimmer .
Ian St John ( born 7 June 1938 , Motherwell , Scotland ) is a former Scottish footballer , who played for Scotland 21 times .
Tina Bachmann ( born 15 July 1986 in Schmiedeberg ) is a German professional biathlete .
Monica Iozzi de Castro ( Ribeirão Preto , November 2 , 1981 ) is a Brazilian actress and reporter currently appearing on Big Brother Brasil .
William Carrall Hilborn was born on 5 July 1898 in Quesnel , British Columbia , Canada ; his middle and family names were later variously given as `` Carroll '' and `` Hillborn '' .
Stephen Mosher Wood was born at Mount Gilead , Ohio , June 10 , 1832 , to David and Esther Ward ( Mosher ) Wood .
Maria Orska was born as Rachel Blindermann in 1893 , of a Ukrainian - Jewish family , in a city of Mykolaiv ( Russian : Nikolaev ) , not far from Odessa , in what is now Ukraine , at the time a part of Russian Empire .
Antonia Johanna Willemina Dragt , better known as Tonke Dragt , was born in 1930 in Batavia on the Dutch East Indies ( currently Jakarta in Indonesia ) .
Charlotte Bonin , born 10 February 1987 in Aosta , is an Italian professional triathlete .
Fabian Beqja ( born 15 February 1994 in Durrës ) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Albanian Superliga side Teuta Durrës as a midfielder .
Barthold Douma van Burmania ( bapt . 17 November 1695 in Hallum -- 24 March 1766 in Vienna ) was a Dutch statesman and ambassador to the court of Vienna in the eighteenth century .
She was born Hildegarde Loretta Sell in Adell , Wisconsin , and raised in New Holstein , Wisconsin , as a Roman Catholic in a family of German extraction .
Nathaniel Jeremiah Bradlee ( June 1 , 1829 -- December 17 , 1888 ) was a Boston architect and a partner in the firm of Bradlee , Winslow & Wetherell .
Talal El Karkouri ( Arabic : طلال القرقوري‎ , born 8 July 1976 in Casablanca ) is a Moroccan former professional footballer .
The son of Judge Robert Latane Montague , Andrew Jackson Montague was born in 1862 in Campbell County near Lynchburg , Virginia , his family having fled there to escape the American Civil War .
Gustav Mayer was born into a long - established mercantile family in Prenzlau , a small town in central northern Germany .
Mouhamadou Dabo ( born 28 November 1986 in Dakar ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a right back , but has played left back , for Troyes in Ligue 1 .
Tristan Valentin ( born February 23 , 1982 in Le Blanc - Mesnil , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French professional road bicycle racer , who last rode for the Cofidis team .
Daniel Capecci ( born December 12 , 1983 in Vestal , New York ) is an American soccer player , who currently plays for SFC United Premier .
Wojciech Orłowski ( born 14 October 1981 in Racibórz ) is Polish wrestler and mixed martial artist .
Bernhard Keimer ( * 24 . August 1964 in Ratingen ) is a German physicist and Director at the Max Planck Institute for Solid State Research .
Neil Asher Silberman ( born June 19 , 1950 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an archaeologist and historian with a special interest in history , archaeology , public interpretation and heritage policy .
Henriette Widerberg was born into a theatrical family in Stockholm as the child of Andreas Widerberg and Anna Catharina Widerbäck , stars in the troupe Gemenasiska Sällskapet that performed in the first real theater of Gothenburg , Comediehuset , in the 1780s .
Bruce DeSilva is an American author , born in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Andrew St. John ( born July 9 , 1982 , in Millinocket , Maine ) is an American actor , having portrayed Kyle Ratcliffe on ABC 's soap opera General Hospital during the 2003 season .
Pedro Osores de Ulloa ( Saa , Vigo , 1554 -- Concepcion , Chile , September 18 , 1624 ) was Royal Governor of the Kingdom of Chile from November 1621 to September 1624 .
Paolo Maria Nocera ( born July 22 , 1985 in Rome ) is an Italian former racing driver .
Peter B. Germano ( New Bedford , Massachusetts , May 17 , 1913 - Wildwood , California , September 20 , 1983 ) was an American author of short stories , novels , and television scripts .
Tom Stoneham is a British philosopher , Professor of Philosophy at the University of York , England .
Vlasis Kazakis , born 17 June 1983 in Komotini is a Greek footballer currently playing for Kalloni F.C. in the Greek second division .
Hilda Bernstein ( London , 15 May 1915 -- 8 September 2006 ) was a British - born author , artist , and an activist against apartheid and for women 's rights .
Giuseppe Visenzi ( born January 22 , 1941 in Brescia ) is a former Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Balamani Amma was born on 19 July 1909 to Chittanjoor Kunhunni Raja and Nalapat Kochukuttiamma at Nalappat , her ancestral home in Punnayurkulam of Thrissur district in Kerala .
Ruediger John ( born 1971 in Vienna ) is an Austrian artist .
Aleksandr Nikolayevich Balandin ( Александр Николаевич Баландин ) ( born July 30 , 1953 in Fryazino , Moscow Oblast , Russian SFSR ) is a Russian cosmonaut .
Romain Argyroudis ( born 6 November 1946 in Mulhouse ) is a former French and Greek footballer who played for clubs in either country .
Mikalay Barsukow ( Belarusian : Мікалай Барсукоў ; Russian : Николай Борсуков ; born 30 November 1982 ) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer who last played for Isloch Minsk Raion .
James N. Frey ( born March 15 , 1943 in Syracuse , New York ) is an American writer and creative writing teacher .
Don Nigro was born in 1949 and currently lives near Malvern , Ohio .
Dick Jackson ( born c. 1878 ) was an English footballer who played for Middlesbrough and Sunderland as a Central defender and later manager of the English football club Darlington from 1912 - 1919 .
Krzysztof Globisz ( born 16 January 1957 in Siemianowice Śląskie ) is a Polish theatre and film actor .
Frances Jones Mills ( July 4 , 1920 - May 24 , 1996 ) was a state official in Kentucky for a large portion of the 1970s and 1980s .
Edward Vere Levinge was born on 24 May 1867 at Cuttack in British India He was the second son of Harry Corbyn Levinge and his wife , Ellen .
Nebil Gahwagi ( born 20 August 1989 in Budapest ) is a Libyan - Hungarian football player who currently plays for Mórahalom VSE and UTC Futsal Team .
Kurt Walter Leucht ( born 8 June 1913 in Ellefeld , Vogtland ; died 1998 ) was a German architect and city planner .
George Clarkson Stanfield ( London 1 May 1828 -- 22 March 1878 London ) was an English painter .
Michael Sloane ( born January 29 , 1959 in Los Angeles ) is an American actor , writer and director .
Nikos - Georgios Stratakis ( born 11 December 1983 in Piraeus ) is a Greek professional football midfielder who plays for Greek second division side Ethnikos Piraeus F.C ..
Philippe Quémerais ( born 2 July 1971 in Rennes ) is a French slalom canoer who competed in the 1990s and 2000s .
Karoliina Blackburn ( born 23 November 1972 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish actress and Thai boxer .
Rollie Lynn Riggs ( August 31 , 1899 -- June 30 , 1954 ) was an American author , poet and playwright born on a farm near Claremore , Oklahoma .
Karl Stotz ( born 27 March 1927 ) is a former Austrian football player from Vienna .
Rebecca Brown Burton ( born February 14 , 1940 in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States ) is a popular United States writer of over 75 romance novels under her married name Rebecca Burton , under her complete name Rebecca Brown Burton , and as Rebecca Winters for Harlequin Enterprises Ltd.
Maria Eriksson ( born 29 July 1982 in Leeds , West Yorkshire ) is an English fashion and glamour model .
Thomas William Humes ( April 22 , 1815 -- January 16 , 1892 ) was an American clergyman and educator , active in Knoxville , Tennessee , during the latter half of the 19th century .
Gennady Troshev was born in 1947 in the East Berlin , in the Soviet occupation zone , the son of a Soviet officer .
Alicya Eyo ( born 16 December 1975 , Huyton , Liverpool ) is a British theatre , film and television actress , best known for playing Ruby Haswell in the ITV soap opera , Emmerdale and , previously , for playing Denny Blood in the prison drama series Bad Girls .
Roberto Pelizzola ( born 13 October 1958 in Milan ) is an Italian figure skating coach and former competitive ice dancer .
Louis Kaplan ( born October 15 , 1901 in Kiev , Ukraine -- 1970 ) , better known as Kid Kaplan , was a professional boxer in the Featherweight division .
Guilherme Antonio Arana Lopes ( born 14 April 1997 in São Paulo ) , known as Guilherme Arana , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Corinthians .
Born in Nordhausen , Germany to John Wolfgang Horn and Sophia Dorothea Shenaman , Charles Frederick Horn was the third of their four children .
Richard Bushman was born in Salt Lake City , Utah , the son of a department store executive ; and he was reared in Portland , Oregon .
Earl was born Kenneth Clifford Earl August 29 , 1933 , in Romney Marsh , Kent , England .
Kishore Chandra Deo was born in Kurupam to Raja V. Durgaprasad Deo of Kurupam and Rani ( now , Late Rajmata ) Sobhalata Devi . He is the present Zamindar of Kurupam , Vizianagram District , Andhra Pradesh .
Gerald Kyd ( born Gerasimos Avvakoumides in 1973 in Pretoria , South Africa ) is a half - Greek , half - Scottish actor .
Ernst Späth ( 14 May 1886 , in Moravský Beroun ( German : Bärn ) , northern Moravia -- 30 September 1946 , in Zurich ) was an Austrian chemist , specializing in natural products .
Mike Worsley ( born 1 December 1976 in Warrington ) is a former Rugby Union prop .
Dr. Erman Ilıcak , ( born 1967 , Darende , Malatya ) is a Turkish businessman , investor , and president of Rönesans Holding .
Beat Sutter ( born 12 December 1962 in Gelterkinden ) is a Swiss former football striker who played throughout the 1980s and 1990s .
Seyed Hassan Esmati , Iranian Quran scholar was born in Torbat - e Heydarieh , Razavi Khorasan Province and has a Ph . D in Quran and Hadith knowledge from Imam Sadeq University .
Stelios Kritikos , ( Greek : Στέλιος Κρητικός ; born 10 January 1986 in Athens ) , is a Greek professional football player who playes for Apollon Smyrni .
James Francis Cooke ( November 14 , 1875 , Bay City , Michigan -- March 3 , 1960 , Bala Cynwyd , Pennsylvania ) spent his life involved with music .
Simon Lovell ( born 1957 in Manchester ) is an English comedy magician , card shark actor , and con man .
Edward Walter Eberle was born in Denton , Texas to Confederate Officer Joseph Eberle ( 1828 - 1877 ) and his wife Mary ( 1835 - 1886 ) .
Mamadou Diallo ( born August 28 , 1971 in Dakar ) , also known as Big Mama , is a former Senegalese football striker .
Katharine Jefferts Schori ( born March 26 , 1954 , in Pensacola , Florida ) is the former Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church of the United States .
Maria Cristina Giai Pron ( born August 21 , 1974 in Turin ) is an Italian slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 2010s .
Olga Sawicka ( 7 February 1932 , Poznań -- 2 April 2015 ) was a Polish dancer and choreographer .
Akiva Goldsman was born on July 7 , 1962 in New York City , the son of Tev Goldsman , a therapist , and Mira Rothenberg , a child psychologist .
William das Graças Silva Júnior , better known as William Amendoim ( born May 6 , 1987 in São Gonçalo , Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder .
Edgardo Vega Yunqué was born in Ponce to Alberto Vega , a Baptist minister , and Abigail Yunqué , and lived in Cidra , Puerto Rico , until his family moved to the South Bronx in 1949 .
Christian Adolf Hermann Löhlein ( 26 May 1847 , Coburg - 25 November 1901 ) was a German obstetrician and gynecologist .
John Kass is a Chicago Tribune columnist .
Belinda Teal Marchande ( born January 11 , 1963 in Lansing , Michigan ) is an American actress best known for her role as Sheryl Rockmore on the Nickelodeon sitcom Kenan & Kel .
Alfred E. Mann ( born 1925 in Portland , Oregon ) , also known as Al Mann , is an American entrepreneur and philanthropist .
Winfried Stradt ( born 25 September 1956 in Paderborn ) is a former professional German footballer .
Curtis Howe Springer was born December 2 , 1896 , and hailed from Birmingham , Alabama .
Ibn Amira or Ahmad ibn Abd Allah Ibn Amira ( 1186 Alzira in the province of Valencia- 1251/1259 ) was a historian , poet , and scholar of law from al - Andalus during the reign of the Almohad dynasty .
Ursula Stenzel ( born September 22 , 1945 in Leopoldstadt , Vienna ) is an Austrian politician and was a Member of the European Parliament until 2006 .
Archibald Hill Carmichael was born in Dale County , Alabama , near the community of Sylvan Grove .
Gervais Batota ( born 10 March 1982 , Brazzaville ) is a French - Congolese footballer .
Gesa Hansen ( born 1981 in Arnsberg ) is a German - Danish designer .
Emmanuel Duah ( born 14 November 1976 in Kumasi ) is a Ghanaian retired professional footballer who played as a winger .
Benjamin Creswick was born in Sheffield , the son of a spectacle - maker .
Cory Blackwell was born in Chicago and later on was baptized there in 1990 into the Chicago International Church of Christ .
Irmengard Rauch ( born 1933 in Dayton , Ohio ) is a linguist and semiotician .
Robert Cummings Neville ( born May 1 , 1939 in St. Louis , Missouri , U.S. ) is an American systematic philosopher and theologian , author of numerous books and papers , and ex - Dean of the Boston University School of Theology .
Vedran Rožić ( born 2 November 1954 in Trogir , PR Croatia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a former Croatian football player and Hajduk chairman .
Eddy Mazzoleni ( born July 29 , 1973 in Bergamo ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who most recently rode for UCI ProTour Astana Team .
Nicolas Stewart was a Scottish footballer who played in Scotland and the American Soccer League .
Glenn Ferris ( born on June 27 , 1950 in Los Angeles , California ) is a jazz trombonist who has also worked in other fields .
Susanna Huckstep ( born 10 June 1969 in Trieste ) is the winner of the 45th edition of Miss Italia .
Beulah Marie Dix was born in Kingston , Massachusetts and was the daughter of Henry and Maria Dix .
Pedro Antonio de Cevallos was born in Cádiz , and came from a renowned Cantabrian family .
Itamar Schülle ( born 8 April 1967 in Ituporanga ) is a Brazilian professional football manager .
Simone Caruso ( born 9 September 1994 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Italian Serie A club Catania .
Francismar Carioca de Oliveira ( born 18 April 1984 in Ubá , Minas Gerais ) is a Brazilian association footballer who plays for Democrata .
Daniel S. Peña Sr . ( born August 10 , 1945 ) , also known as Dan Pena , is a Hispanic - American businessman , entrepreneur , mentor , and business coach , born in Jacksonville , Florida .
Dante Tomaselli ( born October 29 , 1969 , in Paterson , New Jersey ) is an Italian - American horror screenwriter , director , and score composer .
Bishop Joseph Werth SJ ( Russian : Иосиф Иоганнович Верт ; born October 4 , 1952 in Karaganda ) is Bishop of Transfiguration in Novosibirsk ( Russia ) .
Robin Michael Lawrence ( born 12 December 1947 in Brighton , England ) commonly known as Lennie Lawrence , is an English football manager who is assistant manager of Nottingham Forest .
Nathan Oliveira ( December 19 , 1928 -- November 13 , 2010 ) was an American painter , printmaker , and sculptor , born in Oakland , California to immigrant Portuguese parents .
Volker Schlöndorff was born in Wiesbaden , Germany to the physician Dr. Georg Schlöndorff .
Kasun Disi Kithuruwan Vithanage ( Sinhalese : කිත්රුවන් විතානගේ ) ( born February 1991 in Colombo ) , or commonly Kithuruwan Vithanage , is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for all forms of the game in international level .
Avinabo Bag ( born 8 September 1989 in West Bengal ) is an Indian footballer who played as a defender for Kerala Blasters in first edition of Indian Super League
Ian Hodder FBA ( born 23 November 1948 in Bristol ) is a British archaeologist and pioneer of postprocessualist theory in archaeology that first took root among his students and in his own work between 1980 - 1990 .
José Fábio Alves Azevedo , or simply Fabão ( born June 15 , 1976 in Vera Cruz ) , is a Brazilian centre back currently playing for Sobradinho .
Naphtali Friedman ( sometimes also spelled Naftali ) ( 15 May 1863 , Juodžiai , Kovno Governorate - 5 May 1921 ) was a Jewish Lithuanian lawyer and politician .
Hrant Tokhatyan ( Armenian : Հրանտ Արամի Թոխատյան , January 10 , 1958 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian Actor , Comedian , Announcer , Producer .
Carl Craig ( born May 22 , 1969 ) is a Detroit - based producer of techno music , and is considered to be one of the most important names in the Detroit second generation of techno producers and DJs .
William Thorsell , O.Ont ( born 6 July 1945 at Camrose , Alberta ) is a Canadian journalist , former editor - in - chief of The Globe and Mail , and past director and chief executive officer of the Royal Ontario Museum .
Antonio Cardarelli ( 29 March 1831 , Civitanova del Sannio - 8 January 1927 ) was an Italian physician remembered for describing Cardarelli 's sign .
Ion Petrovici was born on June 2/14 1882 , in Tecuci , as the son of Dimitrie Petrovici and Ortansa Petrovici , grandchild of Junimist poet Theodor Şerbănescu 's sister .
Pete Stollery ( born 24 July 1960 in Halifax , UK ) is a British composer , specialising in electroacoustic music .
Thulani Ngcepe ( born 19 January 1990 in Tsakane , Gauteng ) is a South African football ( soccer ) striker for Supersport United in the Premier Soccer League .
Abbott Lawrence ( December 16 , 1792 , Groton , Massachusetts -- August 18 , 1855 ) was a prominent American businessman , politician , and philanthropist .
Yao Defen was born to poor farmers in the town of Liuan in the Anhui province of Shucheng County .
Inge Bödding , née Eckhoff ( born 29 March 1947 in Hamburg ) is a retired German athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres .
Louis I , Count of Löwenstein ( 29 September 1463 in Heidelberg -- 28 March 1523 in Löwenstein ) was the founder of the House of Lowenstein - Wertheim .
Josh Bolt ( born Joshua Ryan Bolt on 2 May 1994 ) is an English actor from Liverpool , England .
Tony Asimakopoulos is a Montreal - based Canadian film director , cinematographer and freelance editor of Greek origin .
Tanya Anisimova was born in the Chechen city of Grozny into a family of scientists : her father Dr. Mikhail Anisimov is a well - known physicist .
Boasting a bilingual family , Albert Chartier decided to perfect his English by entering the Montreal High School because , in the late 1920s , English was an essential tool for any young person who dreamed of escaping poverty that touched so many Canadian homes .
Frederick Adetokumboh M'Cormack ( sometimes credited as Adetokumboh McCormack , Frederick McCormack , or Adetokumoh McCormack ) is a Sierra Leone Creole actor , known for his roles in the television series Lost and Heroes .
Jean Bell ( born Annie Lee Morgan on November 23 , 1944 in St. Louis , Missouri ) was one of the first of Playboy magazine 's African - American Playmates of the Month .
Ilija Prodanović ( born October 16 , 1979 in Bečej , SR Serbia ) is a Bosnian international footballer who currently plays for FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda .
Róbert Erban ( born 9 July 1972 in Piešťany ) is a Czechoslovak - Slovak sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s ( decade ) .
Dafydd Ieuan ( born 1 March 1969 , Bangor , Gwynedd , Wales ) is a Welsh musician and producer , best known as the drummer with the band Super Furry Animals , The Peth and The Earth ( band ) .
Liu Rui ( simplified Chinese : 刘锐 ; traditional Chinese : 劉銳 ; pinyin : Liú Ruì ; born March 13 , 1982 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ; sometimes known as Rui Lui ) is a Chinese curler .
Peer Kusmagk ( born 14 June 1975 in Berlin ) is a German actor and television host .
Ahmed Mohamed Ahmed also known as Ahmed Gaab ( Born February 22 , 1980 in Mogadishu ) is a Swiss Somali football coach and former player .
Jayan was born in Kollam , Travancore as the first child of his father Thevalli , Kottaram Veetil Madhavan Pillai and mother Bharathiyamma .
Colin Hodgkinson ( born 14 October 1945 , Peterborough , Cambridgeshire ) is a British rock , jazz and blues bassist , who has been active since the 1960s .
Maria dels Àngels Asensio i Liñán known as Neus Asensi ( Barcelona , 4 August 1965 ) is a Spanish actress .
Saffet Sancaklı ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сафет Санџакли , Bosnian : Safet Sandžakli ) ( born 27 February 1966 in Tutin , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired Turkish footballer .
Peter Emmerich ( born November 5 , 1973 ) an acclaimed illustrator having an extensive relationship with The Walt Disney Co. Born in New York City , he was raised in Brooklyn and attended Xaverian High School , and then The Fashion Institute of Technology .
Thorsten Quaeschning was born in the late seventies on February 23 in Berlin within a classically trained music - loving family .
Uta Kühnen ( born August 9 , 1975 in Freiburg i m Breisgau , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German judoka who competed in the women 's half - heavyweight category .
Paul Talalay was born in Germany , but emigrated to England with his family in 1933 , shortly after the Nazi Party came to power .
Nicolas Maranda ( born in Auckland , New Zealand 15 November 1967 ) is a Canadian singer / songwriter , composer , musician and record producer based in Montreal .
William Cumming Henley ( 6 January 1860 -- 6 November 1919 ) was a self - taught scientist , artist and collector who was born , educated and died in Dartmouth , Devon in England , and whose lifetime collection of artefacts is held in the Dartmouth Museum .
Aurélie Saada , born in Paris on August 4 , 1978 , is a singer , songwriter and actress .
Song Dandan ( Chinese : 宋丹丹 ; pinyin : Sòng Dāndān ; born 1961 in Beijing ) is a popular Chinese skit and sitcom actress .
Claude Vermette R.C.A. is a Canadian ceramist and painter who was born in Montreal , Quebec , August 10 , 1930 and who died in Sainte - Agathe - des - Monts , April 21 , 2006 .
Eileen Myles was born in Cambridge , Massachusetts , on December 9 , 1949 , to a family with a working - class background .
Mansour Gueye ( born December 30 , 1985 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese footballer who currently plays for Bulgarian A Football Group side Lokomotiv Plovdiv .
Billy Al Bengston ( born June 7 , 1934 in Dodge City , Kansas ) is an American artist and sculptor who lives and works in Venice , California .
Eric la Fleur was born on December 11 , 1979 in Lund to parents Lennart and Barbro la Fleur .
Born in São Paulo , Césinha never played in higher than Série B in his country .
Mickie Krause ( born Michael Engles on June 21 , 1970 ) , a native of Wettringen , is a singer of German Schlager .
Cyrus Peirce ( originally pronounced `` Purse , '' but now usually as if it were spelled `` Pierce ' ) was born on August 15 , 1790 in Waltham , Massachusetts , the twelfth and last child of Isaac Peirce and Hannah Mason Peirce , his wife .
Born in Saint Paul , Minnesota , Izler Solomon 's first position as music director was from 1936 to 1941 with the Illinois Symphony Orchestra .
Mary Frances Clarke was baptized on 15 December 1802 at the St. Andrew 's Chapel on Townsend Street in Dublin , Ireland .
Dmitri Matheny ( b. December 25 , 1965 , Nashville , Tennessee ) is an American jazz flugelhornist , composer , educator , producer and recording artist .
Kenny Gardner ( Born March 20 , 1913 in Lake View , Iowa - July 26 , 2002 in Plandome , New York , USA ) was an American singer for Guy Lombardo 's band , `` His Royal Canadians '' .
Delwin Vriend , born in Sioux Center , Iowa in 1966 to a Canadian father and American mother , moved to Edmonton , Alberta , with his parents at the age of two .
Jan Looten ( 1617/1618 , Amsterdam - ca . 1681 , United Kingdom ) was a Dutch landscape painter .
Wolfgang Rindler ( born 18 May 1924 , Vienna ) is a physicist working in the field of General Relativity where he is known for introducing the term `` event horizon '' , Rindler coordinates , and ( in collaboration with Roger Penrose ) for popularizing the use of spinors in general relativity .
Steve Welsh was born in Glasgow in 1967 , and served in the British army before embarking on his football career .
Mickaël Germain ( born 24 August 1981 in Saint - Claude , Guadeloupe ) is a Guadelopean professional footballer , who currently plays in the Championnat de France amateur for Red Star FC .
Luigi Lippomano ( Aloisius Lipomanus Lippomano ) ( 1496 -- 15 August 1559 , Rome ) was an Italian bishop and hagiographer .
Spyridon Mercouris ( Greek : Σπυρίδων Μερκούρης ) was a Greek politician and long - time Mayor of Athens in the early 20th century .
John Thornden DD ( or Thornton ) was an English 16th - century bishop and vice - chancellor of the University of Oxford .
Jenkin Whiteside ( 1772 -- September 25 , 1822 ) was an attorney who served as a United States Senator from Tennessee .
Stanisław Karnkowski ( 1520 - -1603 ) , from Junosza , was the Great Referendary of the Crown ( since 1558 ) , the Great Secretary of the Crown ( since 1563 ) , bishop of Włocławek ( since 1567 ) , archbishop of Gniezno --
After the war , Ruperto Kangleon served as the Philippine Secretary of National Defense under Presidents Manuel Roxas and Elpidio Quirino .
Fitzhugh Lee ( November 19 , 1835 -- April 28 , 1905 ) was a Confederate cavalry general in the American Civil War , the 40th Governor of Virginia , diplomat , and United States Army general in the Spanish--
Neferkaure was a pharaoh of ancient Egypt during the First Intermediate Period .
Antun Škvorčević ( born in Davor , 08 May 1947 ) is a Croatian bishop , leader of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Požega .
Alberts Kviesis ( 22 December 1881 , Tērvete parish -- 9 August 1944 , Riga ) was a Latvian politician and the third President of Latvia .
Alberto Pandolfi Arbulú ( born Lima , 20 August 1940 ) is a businessman who served twice as Prime Minister of Peru ( 1996 - -June 1998 , August 1998 -- 1999 ) under President Alberto Fujimori .
W. Max Bossert ( July 9 , 1906 -- May 15 , 1990 ) was an American football coach and Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Paul Jacques Marie Desfarges ( born on 7 May 1944 ) in Saint - Etienne in Loire ( department ) is a Jesuit French - Algerian Catholic bishop and bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Constantine and Hippo in Algeria since 2009 .
Edward Douglass White , Jr. ( November 3 , 1845 -- May 19 , 1921 ) , American politician and jurist , was a United States senator , Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court and the ninth Chief Justice of the United States , serving 1910 - 1921 .
Robert Fico ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈrobert ˈfitso ) ; born 15 September 1964 ) is a Slovak politician who has been Prime Minister of Slovakia since 4 April 2012 ; previously he was Prime Minister from 4 July 2006 to 8 July 2010 .
Bernard Matthew Kelly ( May 7 , 1918 - December 5 , 2006 ) served as a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop .
It was in 1983 that Bishop George Avis Fulcher was appointed by Pope John Paul II bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette in Indiana .
Bidzina Ivanishvili ( Georgian : ბიძინა ივანიშვილი , also known as Boris Ivanishvili ; born 18 February 1956 ) is a Georgian businessman and politician who was Prime Minister of Georgia from 25 October 2012 to 20 November 2013 .
János Pénzes ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈjaːnoʃ ˈpeːnzɛʃ ) ; born 10 August 1943 in Bajmok , Kingdom of Hungary ) is a Hungarian - born Serbian Roman Catholic bishop of Subotica since 1989 .
Marion Pardy ( born May 9 , 1942 ) , a diaconal minister and author , was the 37th Moderator of the United Church of Canada ( 2000 - -2003 ) .
Agustín Arriaga Rivera ( died June 18 , 2006 ) was a Mexican economist and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) who served as Governor of Michoacán from 1962 to 1968 .
Bishop Charles Warren Currier ( March 22 , 1857 in St. Thomas , Virgin Islands , USA - September 23 , 1918 in Maryland , USA ) was the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Matanzas ( 1913 - -1914 ) .
Nebmaatre was the prenomen of pharaoh Amenhotep III of the 18th Dynasty whose reign marked the apex of Egypt 's power .
Ulpu Iivari ( born 20 March 1948 in Salla ) is a Finnish Social - Democrat politician and former member of the European Parliament .
Henry Lee III ( January 29 , 1756 -- March 25 , 1818 ) , also known as Light - Horse Harry Lee , was an early American Patriot who served as the ninth Governor of Virginia and as the Virginia Representative to the United States Congress .
Janis Hughes ( born 1 May 1958 , Glasgow ) is a Scottish Labour politician , and Member of the Scottish Parliament for Glasgow Rutherglen constituency from 1999 to 2007 .
Joseph - Marie - Pélagie Havard , M.E.P. , ( 2 November 1790 - 7 July 1838 ) was a 19th - century Catholic bishop who worked as a missionary in Vietnam .
Michel Visi ( * 24 October 1954 in Ningfire , Ambae , Vanuatu - † 19 May 2007 in Port Vila , Vanuatu ) was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Port - Vila .
James H. Carroll was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate twice .
Psammuthes was a pharaoh of the Twenty - ninth Dynasty of Egypt during 392/1 BC .
Bartolomeo Roverella ( 1406 - -1476 ) ( called the Cardinal of Ravenna ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Bruno Ferrante ( born 26 April 1947 in Lecce ) was Milan prefect from 8 June 2000 to November 2005 .
Joseph Meng Ziwen ( Chinese : 孟子文 ; pinyin : Mèng Zǐwén ; b. March 19 , 1903 in Hengling - d. January 7 , 2007 in Nanning ) was a Chinese Catholic bishop .
Werinipre Seibarugo is a People 's Democratic Party politician who was appointed acting Governor of Bayelsa State in southern Nigeria from 16 April 2008 to 27 May 2008 .
Tawfiq al - Suwaidi ( Arabic : توفيق السويدي ) ( l892 - October 15 , 1968 ) was an Iraqi politician who served as Prime Minister of Iraq on three occasions stretching from 1929 to 1950 .
Pope Mina II of Alexandria , 61st Pope of Alexandria & Patriarch of the See of St. Mark .
Paul Kagame ( /kəˈɡɑːmeɪ/ kə - GAH - may ; born 23 October 1957 ) is the sixth and current President of Rwanda having taken office in 2000 when his predecessor , Pasteur Bizimungu , resigned .
Mary Lou Dickerson is a Democratic member of the Washington House of Representatives , representing the 36th district from 1995 until 2012 .
Manuel Colom Argueta ( 8 April 1932 -- 22 March 1979 ) was mayor of Guatemala City and an important progressive leader of the opposition in Guatemala .
Jean - Luc Mandaba ( 15 August 1943 -- 22 October 2000 ) was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 25 October 1993 to 12 April 1995 under President Ange - Félix Patassé .
Maatia Toafa OBE ( born 1 May 1954 ) is a Tuvaluan politician , representing Nanumea who served two non - consecutive terms as Prime Minister of Tuvalu .
Adam of Ebrach ( late 11th century -- 23 November 1161 ) was the first abbot of Ebrach Abbey in the area of Bamberg , Bavaria , Germany .
James Walter Wall ( May 26 , 1820 -- June 9 , 1872 ) was a United States Senator from New Jersey during the American Civil War .
Mack A. White , Jr. , known as Bodi White ( born April 7 , 1956 ) , is a Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate from Central City in East Baton Rouge Parish in south Louisiana .
Pierre Petit de Julleville was elected bishop of Dijon on 23 June 1927 .
Csaba Hende ( born 5 February 1960 ) is a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Defence of Hungary from 29 May 2010 to 9 September 2015 when he resigned .
Alois Hudal ( also known as Luigi Hudal ; 31 May 1885 -- 13 May 1963 ) was an Austrian titular bishop in the Roman Catholic church , based in Rome .
Shepseskare or Shepseskara ( Egyptian for `` Noble is the Soul of Ra '' ) was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh , the fourth or fifth ruler of the Fifth Dynasty ( 2494 - -2345 BC ) during the Old Kingdom period .
Hans Lars Helgesen ( 21 August 1831 -- 1 September 1918 ) was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia , Canada from 1878 to 1886 .
Carolyn H. Krause ( born October 20 , 1938 in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , and represented the 66th district from 1993 to her retirement in 2009 .
Felipe Arizmendi Esquivel ( b. May 1 , 1940 , Coatepec Harinas , Estado de México ) is a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate who served as bishop of Diocese of San Cristóbal de las Casas , in the Archdiocese of Tuxtla Gutierrez , Mexico , from 2000 to 2015 .
George E. Page ( March 19 , 1873 -- February 25 , 1959 ) was an American politician from Milwaukee County , Wisconsin who served one term in the Wisconsin State Assembly , and one as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing the Milwaukee County - based 7th Senate district .
Fred Keeley ( born May 9 , 1950 ) is a politician in California , U.S. Keeley was a member of the California State Assembly , representing District 27 which included parts of Santa Cruz County and Monterey County from 1996 to 2002 .
Stephen Lam Sui - lung , OBE , GBM , GBS , JP ( born 24 November 1955 ) was the Chief Secretary for Administration of Hong Kong and Secretary for Constitutional and Mainland Affairs .
Tadeusz Pieronek ( pronounced ( taˈdɛuʃ pʲɛˈrɔnɛk ) ; born 24 October 1934 in Radziechowy , Poland ) is a Polish Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop - emeritus , Catholic academic and professor of theology and civil law .
Samuel Ajayi Crowther ( c. 1809 - -31 December 1891 ) was a linguist and the first African Anglican bishop in Nigeria .
Joseph Rozier was bishop of Poitiers from 1975 to 1994 .
Alain Garant ( born 21 March 1952 in Montmagny , Quebec ) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada .
Domingo Fernández Navarrete ( c. 1610 in Peñafiel -- 1689 , in Santo Domingo ) was a Spanish Dominican missionary and archbishop .
Berhtwald ( also Brihtwald , Beorhtweald , Bertwald , Berthwald , Beorhtwald , or Beretuald ; died 731 ) was the ninth Archbishop of Canterbury in England .
Pope Simplicius ( died 10 March 483 ) was pope from 468 to his death in 483 .
Mauricio Macri ( Spanish pronunciation : ( mauˈɾisjo ˈmakɾi ) ; born 8 February 1959 ) is the current President of Argentina , in office since 2015 .
Frank Frantz ( May 7 , 1872 -- March 9 , 1941 ) was an American Rough Rider and politician who served as the seventh and final Governor of Oklahoma Territory ( 1906 - -07 ) .
James Thomas Heflin ( April 9 , 1869 -- April 22 , 1951 ) , nicknamed `` Cotton Tom , '' was a leading proponent of white supremacy who served as a Democratic Congressman and United States Senator from Alabama .
Celestino Sfondrati ( 10 January 1644 -- 4 September 1696 ) was an Italian Benedictine theologian , Prince - abbot of St. Gall and Cardinal .
Hostilian ( Latin : Gaius Valens Hostilianus Messius Quintus Augustus ; 230 ? -- 251 ) was Roman emperor in 251 .
Gloria Arias Haskins ( born July 11 , 1956 ) was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives , first elected in a special election following the death of her husband Terry Haskins .
Thomas Audley , 1st Baron Audley of Walden KG , PC , KS ( c. 1488 -- 30 April 1544 ) , was an English barrister and judge who served as Lord Chancellor of England from 1533 to 1544 .
Thomas Overton Moore ( April 10 , 1804 - - June 25 , 1876 ) was an attorney and politician who was the 16th Governor of Louisiana from 1860 until 1864 during the American Civil War .
Akbar II ( 22 April 1760 -- 28 September 1837 ) , also known as Akbar Shah II , was the penultimate Mughal emperor of India .
Richard Irvine Manning I ( May 1 , 1789 -- May 1 , 1836 ) was the 50th Governor of South Carolina from 1824 to 1826 and was later a Representative in the United States Congress .
Augustine of Canterbury ( first third of the 6th century -- probably 26 May 604 ) was a Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597 .
Dimitrios Votsis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Βότσης , 1841 -- October 28 , 1917 ) was a Greek politician and a mayor of Patras .
Domingo Faustino Sarmiento ( February 15 , 1811 -- September 11 , 1888 ) was an Argentine activist , intellectual , writer , statesman and the seventh President of Argentina .
Psamtik II was both a dynamic warrior pharaoh as well as a prolific builder in his brief 6-year reign .
Saint Amator ( French ) Amadour or Amatre was bishop of Auxerre from 388 until his death on May 1 , 418 .
Jeff Haste is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , representing the 104th legislative district .
Wangdu Nyingpo , Tuchen ( c. 1763 -- c. 1806 ) was a Patriarch of the Khon Family , the 29th Sakya Trizin , and the second Padmasambhava of this age .
Daniel Toth is an Austrian midfielder , who currently plays for Admira Wacker Mödling .
Gustavo Henrique Vernes ( born 24 March 1993 ) , known as Gustavo Henrique , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos , as a central defender .
Christian Bank is a Danish former footballer who played as a defender .
Ian McCaldon ( born 14 September 1974 ) is an English football goalkeeper , who is currently playing for Berwick Rangers .
Gevorg Ghazaryan ( Armenian : Գևորգ Ղազարյան ; born 5 April 1988 ) is an Armenian football player who mainly plays as an attacking midfielder and can also play up front .
Ian McGraw ( born 30 August 1926 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played as a goalkeeper for Arbroath and Leicester City .
Idan Zalmanson ( Hebrew : עידן זלמנסון ) ( born April 18 , 1995 ) is an Israeli 2.06 m ( 6 ft 9 in ) tall power forward / center playing for Maccabi Rishon LeZion of the Israeli Super League and the Euroleague .
Kristin DeDycker ( née Kristin Warren , born May 3 , 1987 ) is an American soccer midfielder who last played for the Washington Freedom of Women 's Professional Soccer .
Siniša Mihajlović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Синиша Михајловић ; pronounced ( sǐniʃa mixǎjloʋit͡ɕ ) , born 20 February 1969 ) is a Serbian former football player who played as a defender , and the current head coach of Serie A club Milan .
Velizar Dimitrov ( Bulgarian : Велизар Димитров ) ( born 13 April 1979 ) is a Bulgarian football retired player who played as a midfielder .
Abel Resino Gómez ( born 2 February 1960 ) , sometimes known just as Abel , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and a current coach .
Guido Davì ( born 16 September 1990 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Juve Stabia in the Serie B.
Georgios Abaris ( born 23 April 1982 in Naousa , Imathia ) is a Greek professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni .
Imbi Hoop ( born 15 December 1988 ) is an Estonian football player who plays for Levadia Tallinn , as a goalkeeper .
Carlo Tagnin ( 18 November 1932 -- 13 March 2000 ) was an Italian footballer and manager , who played as a midfielder , most notably for the famous Inter side of the 60s , which achieved much success , both domestically and internationally .
Masena Moke ( born 6 February 1980 ) is a football forward from the Democratic Republic of Congo currently playing for Bulgarian club Vihren Sandanski .
Jonathan Tan Zen Yang ( born 13 December 1995 ) is a Singaporean footballer who plays as a left winger for S.League club Geylang International .
Abdul Sibomana ( born December 10 , 1981 in Rwanda ) is a retired Rwandan football defender who last played for APR FC .
Renan Paulino de Souza ( born 15 February 1995 ) , simply known as Renan , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Paranaense as a central midfielder .
Jiří Šlégr ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɪr̝iː ˈʃlɛːɡr̩ ) ; born 30 May 1971 ) is a former Czech professional ice hockey defenceman .
Heiko Westermann ( born 14 August 1983 ) is a German footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Betis as central defender .
Ernani Pereira ( born 22 January 1978 in Belo Horizonte , Brazil ) is a retired Brazilian - born Azerbaijani footballer who played as a defender .
Shaun Pendleton , born in Sheffield , England , was an English - American soccer defender who played four seasons in the American Indoor Soccer Association before becoming a college soccer coach .
Jimmy Tupou ( born 8 August 1992 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a flanker for the Counties Manukau Steelers in the ITM Cup .
Wandeir Oliveira dos Santos , better known as Wandeir ( born 15 May 1980 in Morada Nova de Minas ) is a Brazilian football forward .
Márcio de Souza Jotha ( born January 29 , 1979 in Rio de Janeiro ) , known as Têti , is a Brazilian football midfielder , who plays for Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul .
Gordon Cattrell ( born 18 December 1954 ) is an English former professional footballer who made 102 appearances in the Football League playing as a midfielder for Darlington .
Cathrine Dyngvold ( born 17 April 1989 ) is a Norwegian footballer who last played as a forward for the Swedish Damallsvenskan side Kopparbergs / Göteborg FC .
Ricardo Cabanas - Rey ( born 17 January 1979 in Zürich ) is a former Swiss football player who played as a midfielder .
Franco Signorelli ( born 1 January 1991 ) is an Venezuelan footballer who currently plays for Ternana as a midfielder , on loan from Empoli .
Danijel Štefulj ( born 2 June 1973 in Čakovec ) is a retired Croatian football player who played as a defender and midfielder .
Jordi López Felpeto ( born 28 February 1981 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Llagostera mainly as a defensive midfielder .
Sandro Costa da Silva or simply Sandro ( born February 13 , 1987 in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder .
Kostyantyn Makhnovskyi ( Ukrainian : Костянтин Михайлович Махновський ; born 1 January 1989 in Horodysche , in the Cherkasy Oblast ) is a Ukrainian professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for FC Sevastopol .
Matija Smrekar ( born 8 April 1989 in Zabok ) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward for Maltese club Birkirkara F.C ..
Ademola Adeshina ( born 4 June 1964 ) is a former Nigeria international football midfielder .
Askar Abildaev ( Russian : Аскар Абильдаев ; born 16 June 1971 ) is a retired Kazakh football forward .
Jean - Marie Huriez ( born March 7 , 1971 in Béthisy - Saint - Pierre , France ) is a current football coach and former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Alberto López Fernández ( born 20 May 1969 ) , known simply as Alberto , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and a current manager .
Miroslav Žitnjak ( born September 15 , 1967 ) is a retired Croatian goalkeeper .
Jesús Alejandro Gallardo Durazo ( born 16 January 1988 ) is a football goalkeeper .
Irini Ioannidou is a German football midfielder of Greek descent , currently playing for SG Essen - Schönebeck in the German Bundesliga .
Romain Thibault ( born 6 January 1991 in Nîmes ) is a French footballer who plays as a forward for Bourg - Péronnas on loan from Nîmes Olympique .
Nélson Barbosa Conceição(born 1 January 1988 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Arouca in Primeira Liga as a defender .
Predrag Stanković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пpeдpaг Cтaнкoвић ; born 17 September 1968 in Leskovac , Jablanica District ) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Sam St. Laurent ( born February 16 , 1959 in Arvida , Quebec ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender that has played in the National Hockey League as well as on the Canadian national men 's hockey team .
Alejandro Campano Hernando ( born 28 December 1978 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a right midfielder .
Sergio Zanetti ( born November 22 , 1967 in Avellaneda , Argentina ) is a manager of U18 Internazionale side and a former football defender .
Milan Dudić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Дудић ; born November 1 , 1979 in Kraljevo , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired serbian football defender .
Bryan Stanley Robson , better known as Pop Robson ( born 11 November 1945 ) is a former footballer who played for Newcastle United , West Ham United , Sunderland , Chelsea and Carlisle United as a centre forward .
Blerim Rrustemi ( Serbo - Croatian : ' Blerim Rustemi ' ) ( born 4 February 1983 , Vučitrn , SFR Yugoslavia ) is an Albanian footballer from Kosovo , who plays as a defender .
Gaizka Mendieta Zabala ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈgaiθka menˈdjeta θaˈβala ) , Basque : ( gais̻ka mendieta s̻aβala ) ; born 27 March 1974 ) is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a midfielder .
Martin Fribrock ( born 28 August 1984 ) is a Swedish footballer midfielder who plays as a midfielder and winger for FC Andrea Doria .
Kenneth Udjus ( born 2 July 1983 in Kristiansand ) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper under contract with Brann .
Masaaki Ideguchi ( 井手口 正昭 , born April 10 , 1988 ) is a Japanese football player who plays as a midfielder for Vietnamese club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai .
Elnur Allahverdiyev ( born 2 November 1983 ) is a football defender from Azerbaijan who last played for Neftchi Baku .
Jamil Walker ( born April 21 , 1981 in Rochester , New York ) is a retired American soccer forward and midfielder , who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the USL First Division .
Troy Dayak ( born January 29 , 1971 in Walnut Creek , California ) is a former American soccer player who played as central defender .
Gary Arbuckle ( born 16 August 1984 , in Glasgow ) is a Scottish forward currently playing for Yoker Athletic .
Dean Maimoni ( Hebrew : דין מיימוני‎ ; born May 4 , 1990 ) , is an Israeli footballer who plays as a center defender for Israeli Premier League club Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona .
Juan Carlos Mariño Márquez ( born 2 January 1982 in Lima ) is a Peruvian footballer who plays primarily as an attacking midfielder .
János Bencze ( 1952 -- 13 April 1996 ) was a Hungarian footballer , goalkeeper .
Murdoch McCormack is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Manchester City , Blackpool and Crewe Alexandra .
Geert De Vlieger ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɣɪːr də ˈvliɣər ) ; born 16 October 1971 in Dendermonde ) is a retired Belgian football goalkeeper .
Miroslav Lipovský is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender who played with Frederikshavn White Hawks in the AL - Bank Ligaen during the 2011 - -12 season .
Lasse Schöne ( born 27 May 1986 ) is a Danish professional footballer plays for Eredivisie club Ajax and the Denmark national team as a midfielder or winger .
Artem Hryshyn ( Ukrainian : Артем Гришин ) was born on 16 October 1987 in Dniprodzerzhynsk , Ukraine ) and is a Ukrainian football midfielder .
Alisher Kholiqov ( Uzbek : Alisher Kholiqov or Алишер Холиков ) ( born 20 April 1982 ) is a Uzbekistani football forward .
Yoni Dray ( ( Hebrew : יוני דרעי‎ ) , born March 17 , 1987 ) is an Israeli professional basketball player , He is a 1.78 m tall point guard .
Go Dae - woo ( Hangul : 고대우 ; born 9 February 1987 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Zoltán Gera ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈzoltaːn ˈɡɛrɒ ) ; born 22 April 1979 ) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Ferencváros in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I and the Hungarian national team as an attacking midfielder .
Anthony Deroin ( born March 15 , 1979 in Caen , Calvados ) is a retired French footballer who played his entire career for SM Caen as a midfielder .
Vasily Sokolov ( Russian : Василий Николаевич Соколов ) ( 30 January 1912 - -12 February 1981 ) was a Russian football defender and coach .
Philippe Godoy is a retired French association football midfielder who played professionally France and the United States .
Felipe de Souza Macena ( born 25 July 1993 in Brejinho ) , or simply Felipe Macena , is a Brazilian Defensive midfielder .
Ruzhin Kerimov ( Bulgarian : Ружин Керимов ; born 15 July 1956 ) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder .
João Batista da Silva , best known as Batista ( born in Porto Alegre , 8 March 1955 ) is a former Brazilian footballer in defensive midfielder role .
Noah Cato ( born 31 March 1988 in Brighton ) is a rugby union player who currently plays as a wing and Fullback for Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership .
Ian Pendlebury ( born 3 September 1983 ) is an English former footballer who played as a defender for Wigan Athletic , Leigh RMI and Hyde United .
José Nadson Ferreira ( born 18 October 1984 in Ubaitaba , Bahia ) , commonly known as Nadson , is a Brazilian football defender who currently plays in the Russian Football Premier League for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara .
Donatas Vencevičius ( born 28 November 1973 in Lithuanian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Lithuanian football coach and former midfielder , current manager of Polish Second League club Wigry Suwałki .
Paul Brydges ( born June 21 , 1965 in Guelph , Ontario ) is a former ice hockey centre .
Giuseppe Fornito ( born 6 September 1994 ) in Trebisacce Cosenza is a Italian footballer who plays for Pescara , on loan from Napoli , as a Attacking midfielder or Forward .
Brandon Pollard ( born October 9 , 1973 in Richmond , Virginia ) is a retired American soccer defender who is best known for having his career ended by a vicious tackle from Dema Kovalenko .
Federico Dimarco ( born 10 November 1997 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Ascoli on loan from Internazionale as a defender .
Luis Felipe De la Riva ( born May 28 , 1973 in Montevideo ) is a former Uruguayan footballer who used to play as a midfielder and now is the current manager of Chacarita Juniors .
Petteri Similä ( born April 9 , 1990 ) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender who currently plays in the Mestis for the Kiekko - Laser .
Allister Hogg ( born 20 January 1983 in Stirling , Scotland ) is a Scottish Rugby Union player who plays rugby union at either flanker or number eight formerly for Scotland and is currently vice - captain for Newcastle Falcons .
Jean - Marie Pfaff ( born 4 December 1953 in Lebbeke ) is a Belgian former football goalkeeper who spent most of his professional career with Beveren and Bayern Munich .
Stanimir Andonov ( Bulgarian : Станимир Андонов ; born 30 September 1989 ) is a Bulgarian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Neftochimic Burgas .
Ramiro Pez ( born 6 December 1978 in Córdoba , Argentina ) is an Italian Argentine rugby union footballer who normally plays at fly - half .
Brian Flies ( born 29 August 1969 ) is a Danish retired footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
John Ross Roach ( June 23 , 1900 -- July 9 , 1973 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender in the National Hockey League .
Enrique Gabriel Meza ( born 28 November 1985 ) is a Paraguayan international footballer who plays for Chapecoense , on loan from Sport , as a left - sided defender .
Kang Chul ( born November 2 , 1971 ) is a South Korean football player who played as a defender .
Gabriel José Pinto Couto ( born 20 March 1981 ) , simply known as Gabi is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Académico Viseu in Portugal as a midfielder .
José Jaime Ordiales Domínguez ( born 23 December 1963 in Mexico City ) is a retired Mexican football midfielder and current sporting director of C.D. Guadalajara .
Aleksandar Kirovski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Кировски ; born 25 December 1990 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Zemun .
Sergio Amaury Ponce Villegas ( born August 13 , 1981 ) is a Mexican footballer player who currently plays as a midfielder for Coras de Tepic of the Ascenso MX .
Raúl Osorio ( born 29 June 1995 ) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for the Primera División club O'Higgins as a defender .
Roy Odiaka ( born 22 March 1992 ) is a French footballer who plays as a forward , for Gavin Rose 's ASPIRE Academy .
Chris Thomson ( born 10 July 1985 ) is a former Australian rugby union footballer who played as a lock for the Waratahs between 2009 and 2010 and French side Narbonne for between 2010 and 2012 ( making 51 appearances and scoring two tries ) .
Aristide Benoît Zogbo ( born December 30 , 1981 in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) is an Ivorian football goalkeeper .
Gustavo Fabián López ( born April 28 , 1983 in Isidro Casanova ) is an Argentinian football who currently plays for Terengganu in the Malaysia Super League as a midfielder .
Les Briley ( born 2 October 1956 in Lambeth ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Hereford United , Wimbledon , Aldershot , Millwall and Brighton & Hove Albion .
Tales Fernando Campos Penteado ( March 7 , 1982 - São Carlos , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer forward who currently plays for São Carlos FC .
Steve Fualau ( born 3 August 1984 ) is a Samoan rugby union player who currently plays as a hooker for the Melbourne Rebels in Super Rugby .
Kelvin Mellor ( born 25 January 1991 ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Plymouth Argyle in League Two .
Carlos Barahona Angulo ( born January 20 , 1980 in Bugalagrande , Valle del Cauca ) is a Colombian goalkeeper .
Georgi Karakanov ( Bulgarian : Георги Караканов ; born 2 March 1975 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Charles Howson ( 18 July 1896 -- 1976 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender .
Agostino Di Bartolomei ( April 8 , 1955 in Rome -- May 30 , 1994 in San Marco di Castellabate ) was an Italian football player , who played as a midfielder .
Grant Normington ( born 9 May 1990 in Kingston upon Hull ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 2008 until 2011 .
John Nicholls ( 3 April 1931 -- 1 April 1995 ) , better known as Johnny Nicholls or sometimes Jack Nicholls , was an English footballer who played as a forward .
Lê Công Vinh ( born 10 December 1985 , in Nghệ An , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays forward for V.League 1 club Becamex Bình Dương .
Sven Vermant ( born 4 April 1973 in Lier ) is a retired Belgian football midfielder and currently the manager of Club Brugge B ( U21 ) .
Mohsen Al - Garni ( also Mohsen Al - Qarni ) is a midfielder at Al - Raed Club in Saudi Arabia .
Saša Simić ( born 22 April 1969 ) is a retired Serbian association football player who primarily played his entire career in Portugal as an attacking midfielder .
Benjamín Zarandona Esono ( born 2 March 1976 ) , known simply as Benjamín , is an Equatoguinean retired footballer who played as a midfielder .
Kostas Lamprou ( Greek : Κώστας Λάμπρου ; born 16 September 1991 ) is a Greek footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Dutch Eredivisie club Willem II .
Ricky van Haaren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrɪki vɐn ˈɦaːrə(n ) ) ) ( born 21 June 1991 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Şanlıurfaspor .
Pietro Aradori ( born December 9 , 1988 ) is an Italian professional basketball player who plays for Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 1.98 m ( 6 ft 6 in ) , he plays at the shooting guard and small forward positions .
Fernando Muñoz García ( born 30 October 1967 ) , known as Nando , is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a central defender ( right - footed , he was also utilized on the flank ) .
Ventsislav Bonev ( Bulgarian : Венцислав Бонев ; born 8 May 1980 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Minyor Pernik .
Grigoris Makos ( Greek : Γρηγόρης Μάκος ; born on 18 January 1987 ) , is a Greek international football player who plays for Panetolikos and the Greek national team as a defensive midfielder .
Saïd Chiba ( Arabic : سعيد شيبا‎ -- born 28 September 1970 , Rabat ) is a retired Moroccan football defensive midfielder and current coach .
Paul Heffer ( born 21 December 1947 ) is an English former footballer who played as a defender for West Ham United .
Rafael Cabral Barbosa ( born 20 May 1990 ) , known as Rafael Cabral or simply Rafael , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Italian club Napoli as a goalkeeper .
Carlos Eduardo de Souza Floresta ( born August 28 , 1982 ) , best known as Kahê , is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Oeste in forward position .
Juan Ramón Isasi ( born 22 September 1959 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a former football forward .
Imre Rapp ( 15 September 1937 − 3 June 2015 ) was a Hungarian football goalkeeper , who played for Pécsi Mecsek FC .
Oleksandr Pindeyev ( Russian : Олександр Валерійович Піндєєв ; born 13 March 1975 in Odessa ) is a retired Ukrainian football forward who last played for FC Vorskla Poltava .
Antonio Marino ( born 9 August 1988 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for the Lega Pro club Pavia .
Saif Salman Hashim Al - Mohammadawi ( Arabic : سيف سلمان هاشم المحمداوي‎ , born July 1 , 1993 ) , is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a Central midfielder for Al - Ittihad and the Iraq national football team .
Srđan Pecelj ( can also be written as Srdjan Pecelj , born 12 March 1975 ) is a Bosnian football defender who currently plays for Rudar Trbovlje in the Ljubljanska Football League , one of the five groups of the Slovenian Regional League , fourth tier in Slovenian football system .
Guillermo Andrés López , commonly known as Guille ( born 13 October 1992 ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Celta de Vigo B mainly as a forward .
Nemanja Rnić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Рнић ; born 30 September 1984 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Wolfsberger AC .
Leandro Donizete Gonçalves da Silva , known as Leandro Donizete ( born May 5 , 1982 in Araraquara , São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a defensive midfielder .
Dmytro Trukhin ( born 29 June 1983 ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Ukrainian Premier League club Hoverla Uzhhorod .
Walker Américo Frônio ( born 15 February 1982 ) , commonly known as Walker , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Brazilian Paulista A2 club Batatais FC .
Lee Fieldwick ( born 6 September 1982 ) is an English footballer , who plays as a defender .
Vyacheslav Kernozenko ( Ukrainian : В'ячеслав Сергійович Кернозенко ; born 4 June 1976 in Havana , Cuba ) is a former Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played last time for FC Dnipro and current football assistant manager in Kazakhstan .
Johan Radet ( born 24 November 1976 ) is a former footballer from France who played as defender .
Amarildo Dimo ( born 25 August 1982 ) is an Albanian footballer who has played as a defender for KF Skënderbeu Korçë in the Albanian Superliga currently playing for Apolonia Fier .
Daniel Marois ( born October 3 , 1968 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey winger who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League from 1987 - -88 until 1995 - -96 .
Brian Bithell ( born 5 October 1956 ) is an English former footballer who played as a defender for Stoke City , Port Vale , Wimbledon , Macclesfield Town , Stafford Rangers , Congleton Town and Rhyl .
Sergio Boris González Monteagudo ( born 26 May 1980 ) , commonly known as Boris , is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender .
Félix Barderas Sierra ( born 6 October 1943 ) , commonly known as Felines , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left winger , and a current manager .
Raji Abdel - Aati is a Sudanese football midfielder for the Sudanese giants El - Merreikh .
John Frye ( 1933 -- 2005 ) was a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Scottish Football League for Hibernian , St. Mirren , Queen of the South , Hamilton Academical and Stranraer , and in the Football League for Sheffield Wednesday and Tranmere Rovers .
Nicaise Mulopo Kudimbana ( born 21 January 1987 in Brussels ) is a football goalkeeper from Congo DR , he currently plays for Royal Antwerp in the Belgian Second Division .
Stojan Ignatov ( Macedonian : Стојан Игнатов ; born 22 December 1979 ) is a Macedonian football midfielder , who plays for FK Teteks .
Milad Rabbani ( Persian : میلاد ربانی‎‎ ) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Iran Pro League .
Nelson David Cabrera Báez ( born 22 April 1983 in Itauguá ) is a Paraguayan football defender who plays for Club Bolivar in Bolivia .
Steffen Horpestad ( born 25 February 1975 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a midfielder .
André Filipe Saraiva Martins ( born 26 March 1987 in Ferreira do Alentejo , Beja ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a forward .
Paul Hubbard , Jr. ( born June 12 , 1985 ) is an American football wide receiver who is currently playing for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Jean Paulo Fernandes or simply Jean ( born 1 October 1972 in Guarujá , São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Formose Mendy ( born 23 March 1989 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Adana Demirspor .
Lee Casciaro ( born 29 September 1981 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Lincoln Red Imps and the Gibraltar national team , as a forward .
Mikkel Wohlgemuth ( born 4 June 1995 ) is a Danish footballer , playing as midfielder for the Danish 1st Division side HB Køge .
Glen Gwynne ( born 22 February 1972 ) is an Australian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels as a defender .
Pierre Larsen ( born 22 January 1959 ) is a former footballer who played as a midfielder
Juraj Kolník ( born November 13 , 1980 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey forward , currently playing for Nottingham Panthers in the EIHL .
Francois Louw ( born 15 June 1985 in Cape Town ) is a South African rugby union international flanker .
Odd Gulbrandsen ( born 11 March 1953 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a winger .
Alexander Gulyavtsev ( Russian : Александр Вячеславович Гулявцев , born 3 May 1978 ) is a Russian former professional ice hockey winger .
Craig Wighton ( born 27 July 1997 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Dundee in the Scottish Premiership .
Aslan Kerimov ( Azerbaijani : Aslan Kərimov ; born 1 January 1973 ) is a retired football midfielder from Azerbaijan .
Alan Sproates ( born 30 June 1944 , died 6 February 2015 ( age 70 ) ) was an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Michele Vitali ( born October 31 , 1991 ) is an Italian professional basketball player who currently plays for Virtus Bologna of the Lega Basket Serie A as a shooting guard .
Pedro Henrique de Oliveira or simply Pedrinho ( born 4 May 1994 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for América Mineiro , on loan from São Paulo .
Victor Mella ( born November 14 , 1974 in Santiago , Chile ) is a retired Chilean football ( soccer ) forward who spent two seasons in Major League Soccer , two in the Chilean leagues and three in Mexico .
Daniel Congré ( born 5 April 1985 ) is a French football defender of Guadeloupean descent currently playing for Montpellier .
Mandy van den Berg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmɛndi vɑn dɛn bɛrx ) ; born 26 August 1990 ) is a Dutch football defender who plays for FA WSL club Liverpool and the Netherlands national team .
Federico Gino Acevedo Fagúndez ( born 26 February 1993 in Melo ) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Serie A side Carpi on loan from Defensor Sporting .
Faith Friday Obilor ( born 5 March 1991 in Aba ) is a Nigerian - born footballer who plays as a defender .
Ricardo Osorio Mendoza ( born 30 March 1980 ) is a Mexican international football defender , who currently plays for Monterrey .
Ognyan Stefanov ( Bulgarian : Огнян Стефанов ; born 4 August 1986 ) is a Bulgarian football player , currently playing as a forward .
Ian Paia ( born 28 October 1990 ) is a Solomon Islands footballer who currently plays for Solomon Warriors F.C. in Honiara as a forward .
Dwyane Demmin ( born May 1 , 1975 ) is a retired Trinidad and Tobago association football defender who played professionally in the USL A - League .
Tommaso Bianchi ( born 1 November 1988 in Piombino ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ascoli , on loan from Leeds United .
Maurits Schmitz ( born 31 March 1993 ) is a Dutch professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Go Ahead Eagles in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Sandje Ivanchukov ( July 23 , 1960 -- August 29 , 2007 ) was an American soccer defender who played professionally in the North American Soccer League , American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Piet Steenbergen ( 28 November 1928 -- 22 April 2010 ) was a Dutch football midfielder who was active as a midfielder .
Jason Cairns is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the USISL A - League Cairns grew up playing for Jersey Shore Boca youth teams .
Tony Macedo ( born 22 February 1938 ) is a Gibraltarian former professional association football goalkeeper who spent nearly his whole career at Fulham .
Marco Lanna ( born 13 July 1968 ) is an Italian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a defender .
Michael Görlitz ( born 8 March 1987 ) is a German midfielder , currently playing for 2 .
Rodrigo Ríos Lozano ( born 6 June 1990 ) , commonly known as Rodri , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Valladolid on loan from German club 1860 Munich as a forward .
Sajana Rana ( born 13 June 1987 ) is a Nepalese women 's footballer who currently is part of the Nepal women 's national football team and plays as a futsal midfielder for New Radiant 's women 's team having previously played for the APF Club .
Avgerinos Katranas ( Greek : Αυγερινός Κατράνας ; born 20 February 1988 ) is a football defender who began his career in the Panathinaikos FC youth academy and played there until June 2008 .
Jamie Cassidy ( born 21 November 1977 in Liverpool ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Cambridge United .
Adel Lami Khalid Mohamed ( born on November 13 , 1985 in Al Magwa , Kuwait ) is a Qatari footballer who is a midfielder for Al - Gharafa .
Irina Saratovtseva is a Kazakhstani football goalkeeper currently playing for Zvezda Perm in the Russian women 's football championship .
Þórunn Helga Jónsdóttir ( born 17 December 1984 ) , is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays for Avaldsnes IL in Norway as a defensive midfielder .
Alessandro Beti Rosa , better known as Magrão ( born April 9 , 1977 in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian football goalkeeper , who plays for Sport Recife in the Brazilian Série A.
Morteza Ghadimipour ( Persian : مرتضی قدیمی پور‎‎ , born 27 August 1994 ) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Persepolis in the Iran Pro League as a goalkeeper .
Yin Xiaolong ( Chinese:尹小龙 ) ( October 21 , 1985 in Dalian ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a midfielder .
Georgia Evans ( born 16 October 1995 ) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bristol City in the FA Women 's Super League .
René Bielke ( born April 9 , 1962 in Weißwasser , East Germany ) is a former ice hockey goaltender who played for EHC Dynamo Berlin , the `` Eisbären '' , from 1980 to 1992 .
Miguel Dachelet ( born 16 January 1988 ) is a Belgian professional football defender .
Duncan David Elias ( born 14 July 1985 ) is a Singaporean Eurasian footballer who plays in the S.League for Geylang International as a defender .
Liam Polworth ( born 12 October 1994 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Inverness Caledonian Thistle , as a midfielder .
Daniel Salvatierra ( born 23 February 1990 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football central forward currently playing for Coronel Aguirre .
Li Wenbo ( Chinese : 李文博 ; born December 9 , 1983 in Liaoning ) is a Chinese footballer currently playing for Shanghai Greenland Shenhua as a defender .
Ondrej Daňko ( born 26 May 1948 in Czechoslovakia ) is a former Slovak football midfielder who played only for VSS Košice from 1967 to 1981 .
Cyrill Gloor ( born 23 May 1982 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as defender for Old Boys Basel in the Swiss 1 .
Mesut Bakkal ( born 19 March 1964 ) is a Turkish football manager and former midfielder who played for Denizlispor and has managed Gaziantepspor and Gençlerbirliği S.K. He was most recently head coach of Mersin İdmanyurdu .
Jesse Curran ( born 16 July 1996 ) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Dundee in the Scottish Premiership .
Albert Puigdollers Saperas ( born 30 October 1980 in Granollers , Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Georgi Kitanov ( Bulgarian : Георги Китанов ; born 6 March 1995 in Blagoevgrad ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Cherno More Varna as a goalkeeper .
Artur Pereira Neto or simply Netinho ( born April 24 , 1984 in Itajaí ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who currently plays for América - RN .
Delroy Allen ( born 6 October 1956 in Montego Bay ) is a retired Jamaican - American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League , American Soccer League and United Soccer League .
Tomoaki Taniguchi ( 谷口 智昭 Taniguchi Tomoaki b. August 26 , 1982 in Hyogo prefecture ) is a Japanese rugby player who plays at lock for Toyota Verblitz and Japan .
Mikkel Desler Puggaard ( born 19 February 1995 ) is a Danish footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Danish Superliga side OB .
Ashley Booth ( 22 October 1937 -- 23 March 2014 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a defender .
Ștefan Onisie ( 23 November 1925 in Vulcan , Hunedoara County , Romania -- 7 July 1984 in Cugir ) was a Romanian football player who played as a central midfielder .
Lewis Horner ( born 1 February 1992 in Newcastle upon Tyne ) is a professional footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Fu Huan ( Chinese : 傅欢 ; Pinyin : Fù Huān ; born 12 July 1993 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai East Asia as a defender .
Héctor Figueroa Cabrera ( born 30 October 1988 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Huesca on loan from UD Las Palmas as a forward .
Serhiy Serebrennikov ( Ukrainian : Сергій Серебренніков , born 1 September 1976 in Ulan - Ude , Buryat ASSR , in the Russian SFSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Russian - born Ukrainian professional football player , a central midfielder .
Goran Brašnić ( born 26 September 1973 in Gradačac ) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper in retirement .
Trevor Jobe ( born May 14 , 1967 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre .
Phil Osaer ( born 10 February 1980 in Livonia , Michigan ) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender , who played in the North American minor leagues before moving to partake a career abroad in Norway and Britain .
Milan Machalický ( born 1 June 1991 ) is a Czech football defender who played for Sigma Olomouc .
Federico Allasio ( 30 May 1914 -- 27 May 1987 ) was an Italian footballer who was midfielder and manager from Turin .
Peter Notaro ( born July 5 , 1956 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is a retired American soccer forward who played in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Abdoulaye Ba ( born 1 January 1991 ) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for Turkish club Fenerbahçe SK on loan from FC Porto as a central defender .
Efraín Herrera González ( born 28 September 1959 ) is a former Mexican football defender who played for 20 years in the Mexican Primera División and represented the Mexico national football team .
Akbar Imani ghareh Aghaj Sofla ( born 21 March 1992 ) , also known as Akbar Imani ( Persian : اکبر ایمانی‎‎ ) , is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Foolad in Iran Pro League as a midfielder .
Robots and Changelings is the second collection of fantasy and science fiction stories by Lester del Rey , published by Ballantine Books in 1957 .
Nature Chemical Biology is a monthly , peer - reviewed , scientific journal , which is published by Nature Publishing Group .
Parallel 59 is a BBC Books original novel written by Stephen Cole and Natalie Dallaire and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
GAZ14 The Atruaghin Clans was written by William W. Connors , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian , and was published by TSR in 1991 as a 64-page booklet , a 32-page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder .
Urban Yeti ! is an action video game developed by Cave Barn Studios and published by Telegames for the Game Boy Advance .
The Radicalism of the American Revolution is a nonfiction book by historian Gordon S. Wood , published by Vintage in 1993 .
The Sunken Billions is a study jointly published in 2008 by the World Bank and by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations ( FAO ) .
NCAA Football 08 is a college football video game created by EA Sports , the sports video gaming subsidiary of Electronic Arts .
The Syracuse Law Review , established in 1952 , is an intense legal research and writing program for student editors at Syracuse University College of Law and a national forum for legal scholars who contribute to it .
The Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics is a quarterly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the American Statistical Association .
The Spell of Conan is a 1980 collection of essays , poems and fiction edited by L. Sprague de Camp , published in paperback by Ace Books .
Anthropology of Consciousness is the primary publication of the Society for the Anthropology of Consciousness , published by American Anthropological Association ( AAA ) since 1990 .
Honor Thyself is a novel written by Danielle Steel and published by Random House in February 2008 .
The American Journal of Physiology is a peer - reviewed scientific journal on physiology published by the American Physiological Society .
The International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools was founded in 1992 and is published by World Scientific .
Kasparov 's Gambit or simply Gambit is a chess playing computer program created by Heuristic Software and published by Electronic Arts in 1993 based on Socrates II , the only winner of the North American Computer Chess Championship running on a common microcomputer .
The Journal of Higher Education Outreach and Engagement is a peer - reviewed open - access academic journal published by the University of Georgia .
The Twenty - One Balloons is a novel by William Pène du Bois , published in 1947 by the Viking Press and awarded the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children 's literature in 1948 .
The Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization is an academic journal published by Elsevier .
Saint Errant is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris , first published in 1948 by The Crime Club in the United States and in 1949 by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom .
The Ancient Art of War at Sea is a computer game developed by Brøderbund and released for the Apple Macintosh and MS - DOS IBM in 1987 as a sequel to The Ancient Art of War .
The book was written by Paul Cornell , Martin Day and Keith Topping and was first published as Doctor Who - The Discontinuity Guide on 1 July 1995 by Virgin Books .
Blast Corps is a 1997 action video game for the Nintendo 64 in which the player uses vehicles to destroy buildings to clear a path for a runaway nuclear missile carrier .
Divided City is a novel written by Theresa Breslin and published in 2005 by Doubleday .
The American Journal of Archaeology ( AJA ) , the peer - reviewed journal of the Archaeological Institute of America , has been published since 1897 ( continuing the American Journal of Archaeology and of the History of the Fine Arts founded by the institute in 1885 ) .
Clinical Colorectal Cancer is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by CIG Media Group ( Cancer Information Group ) from 2001 to 2010 and by Elsevier since 2011 .
The Munchables , known in Japan as Tabemon ( たべモン ) , is an action - platform game developed by Namco Bandai for the Wii video game console .
Infection and Immunity is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by the American Society for Microbiology .
Phasor Zap is a game for the Apple II family of computers , created in 1978 by programmer Chris Oberth and published by The Elektrik Keyboard of Chicago , Illinois .
Renewable Agriculture and Food Systems is an academic journal published by Cambridge University Press on sustainable agriculture .
Aurail is a scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game developed by Westone and released by Sega in 1990 .
The Journal of Parasitology is a peer - reviewed medical journal covering research on parasites published bimonthly by the American Society of Parasitologists .
The Water of the Wondrous Isles is a fantasy novel by William Morris , perhaps the first writer of modern fantasy to unite an imaginary world with the element of the supernatural , and thus a precursor of much of present - day fantasy literature .
Thin Solid Films is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published 24 times per year by Elsevier .
Conjure Wife was originally published in the April 1943 volume of Unknown Worlds .
Night Howlers was published by TSR , Inc. as a 32-page `` Werewolves ' Manual '' , a 64-page `` DM 's Guide '' , and a 32``X21 '' color map sheet .
Filozofia is an academic journal of philosophy published by the Slovak Academy of Sciences .
The Journal of Environmental Psychology is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier since 1980 .
In the United States , Harcourt published Crown Duel in April 1997 , and followed it with a sequel , Court Duel , in March of the following year .
Bubble Ghost is a French 1987 video game created by Christophe Andreani and published by ERE Informatique .
Zynaps is a side - scrolling shoot 'em up video game published by Hewson Consultants for the ZX Spectrum , Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64 in 1987 and for the Atari ST in 1988 and the Amiga .
The Journal of Luminescence is published by Elsevier .
The In - Between World of Vikram Lall is a novel by M. G. Vassanji , published in 2003 by Doubleday Canada .
Blood of Dreams was first published in Australia in 2007 by Penguin Books under their Viking Press imprint in trade paperback format .
Since July 2009 , Veterinary Record has been published by the BMJ Group with British Veterinary Association as part of the Group 's Affinity and society publishing programme .
ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces is a peer - reviewed scientific journal that was established in 2009 by the American Chemical Society .
Iggy 's Reckin ' Balls is a video game that was developed exclusively for the Nintendo 64 console by Iguana Entertainment and published by Acclaim Entertainment in August 1998 .
The Economic History Review is a peer - reviewed history journal published quarterly by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Economic History Society .
Rabbids Rumble is a fighting / party video game for the Nintendo 3DS which was developed by Headstrong Games and published by Ubisoft .
The Artist 's Widow is a novel written by British author Shena Mackay and first published in 1998 by Jonathan Cape .
Lammas Night is a fantasy novel by the American - born author Katherine Kurtz , first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in December 1983 .
Physics of Fluids is a peer - reviewed monthly scientific journal on fluid dynamics , founded by the American Institute of Physics in 1958 , and is published by AIP Publishing .
`` Strange Little Girl '' by the Stranglers was released in the UK in 1982 as their last single while signed to Liberty Records ( part of EMI ) .
Everybody Knows Johnny Hodges is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Hodges , released on Impulse ! Records in 1964 .
Stars on E.S.P. is an album by His Name Is Alive , released by 4AD in 1996 .
Because They Can is the second album from American rock group Nelson , released by Geffen Records in 1995 .
Ariettes oubliées ... ( English : Forgotten Arias ... ) is the second full - length album by les Discrets , released in 2012 by Prophecy Productions .
Follow Blind is the fifth studio album by punk rock band Wipers , released in 1987 by Restless Records .
Let ' Em Burn is the third studio album by New Orleans rap group , Hot Boys , released March 25 , 2003 , on Cash Money Records .
Disenchanted with their US record company , Capitol Records , Pink Floyd and O'Rourke negotiated a new contract with Columbia Records , who gave them a reported advance of $ 1,000,000 , which is worth approximately $ 5,000,000 today .
Sickening Bliss is the fourth full length album by Swedish goregrind band Regurgitate , released in 2006 by Relapse Records .
Symphonie Celtique ( `` Celtic Symphony '' ) , subtitled `` Tir na nOg '' , a folk - rock album by Alan Stivell , originally released as a double LP in 1980 by CBS France , catalogue number CBS 88487 .
Bopstacle Course is a jazz album by vibraphonist Terry Gibbs , recorded in 1974 for Xanadu Records .
The second act consisted of the four - member Faun Fables performing The Transit Rider song cycle in a faithful reproduction of the music as it appears on the Drag City CD .
127 Rose Avenue is an album from country music singer Hank Williams , Jr. This album was released June 16 , 2009 on Curb Records , his last for the label .
Stronger with Each Tear ( stylized as STRONGER withEach Tear ) is the ninth studio album from American R&B and soul singer Mary J. Blige .
Genocide & Juice is the second studio album by political hip hop group The Coup , released on October 13 , 1994 on Wild Pitch Records .
Unpatterns is the third studio album by English electronic music duo Simian Mobile Disco , released on 14 May 2012 by Wichita Recordings .
Almost Honest is Josh Kelley 's second album , it would be his last album on Hollywood Records .
Teatr na drodze ( English : Performance on the Road ) is the fourth studio album by Polish group 2 Plus 1 , released in 1978 by Polskie Nagrania Muza .
Superunknown is the fourth album by American rock band Soundgarden , released on March 8 , 1994 through A&M Records and November 4 , 2007 on Europe .
`` Freak Scene '' was released as a single on SST Records in the United States and was also Dinosaur Jr. 's first release on Blast First in the United Kingdom .
Serious Slammin ' is the thirteenth studio by the Pointer Sisters , released in 1988 by RCA Records .
`` Jam Eater Blues '' was a 7 `` single by the Mountain Goats on Seattle , WA 's Sub Pop label .
More importantly , Slow Down World marked the last album of his Epic Records contract .
Hell Awaits is the second studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer , released through Metal Blade Records in 1985 .
In the Clear is the fifth studio album by American indie pop band Ivy , released on March 1 , 2005 on Nettwerk .
You 'd Prefer an Astronaut is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Hum , released in April 11 1995 by RCA Records as their major label debut .
Your Songs is a studio album by American multi - platinum selling recording artist Harry Connick , Jr. , released by Columbia Records .
Fly Stereophonic is the fifth album by the singer / songwriter Lida Husik , released on June 24 , 1997 through Alias Records .
Hosannas from the Basements of Hell is the twelfth studio album by English rock band Killing Joke , released on 3 April 2006 by record label Cooking Vinyl .
Minuteman for the Moment is the second studio album by Look What I Did released October 4 , 2005 on Combat Records / KOCH Records .
With Luv ' is the first album by the Dutch girl group Luv ' , released in August 1978 by Phonogram / Philips Records .
Kokoba Town is an album by the Zimbabwean music and dance group Siyaya .
`` Happy Pledis 2nd Album '' is a charity single by the South Korean music label Pledis Entertainment 's artists Son Dam Bi , Park Kahi , After School , NU’EST , Hello Venus and Pre - School Girl Park Jung Hyun .
Only One Flo ( Part 1 ) is the third studio album by American hip hop artist Flo Rida , which was released on November 30 , 2010 , through Atlantic Records , and his own label Poe Boy Entertainment .
The Quickening is the fifth studio album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals , released in 1996 by Nitro Records .
Jagged was the first album issued on Numan 's own Mortal Records label , licensed to Cooking Vinyl .
Rebel Yellow is the first official album from Cecil Otter , a founding member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree .
`` Obsessions '' is the second single from the album A New Morning by Suede , released on November 18 , 2002 on Columbia Records .
Börn Loka ( Children of Loki in Icelandic ) is the second full - length album by the Icelandic Viking / folk metal band Skálmöld , released on October 26 , 2012 via Napalm Records .
The Hinderers is Dååth 's second studio album produced by Dååth and James Murphy , and released by Roadrunner Records .
7 `` - Ready Records / SR 201X Canada ' ' Nova Heart `` ( 3:56 ) ' ' Symmetry `` ( 3:59 ) 12 '' - Ready Records / SRBH 020 Canada `` Nova Heart '' ( 6:42 ) `` Symmetry '' ( 6:47 )
White Trash Heroes is the final studio album from the indie rock band Archers of Loaf , released in 1998 by Alias Records .
The album was re - released on Capitol Records as Jim & Ingrid Croce :
New Adventures in Hi - Fi is the tenth studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was their fifth major label release for Warner Bros. Records , released on September 9 , 1996 , in Europe and Australia and the following day in the United States .
Easy Now is the third album by American - born singer / songwriter Jeb Loy Nichols , released in 2002 on the Rykodisc record label .
End of Eden is the third studio album by Amberian Dawn , and the first released on Spinefarm Records , previous albums having been released on KHY Suomen Musiikki .
Dowsing Anemone with Copper Tongue is the second full - length album by Kayo Dot , released on Robotic Empire Records in 2006 .
Blacks ' Magic is the third album by female rap group , Salt - n - Pepa , released in 1990 on London Records .
In the liner notes to Island Records ' 1998 compilation Private Life :
Going to Hell is the second studio album by American rock band The Pretty Reckless , released in March 2014 by Razor & Tie .
Days of Future Passed is the second album and first concept album by English rock band The Moody Blues , released in November 1967 by Deram Records .
White Water , White Bloom is the second full - length album by the indie rock band Sea Wolf , released in 2009 on Dangerbird Records .
Lifesblood for the Downtrodden is the eighth studio album which was released by Crowbar on February 8 , 2005 , on Candlelight Records .
Autogeddon is an album by Julian Cope released in 1994 via The Echo Label .
Paradise and Lunch is the fourth album by roots rock musician Ry Cooder , released on June 8 , 1974 on Reprise Records .
Memory Crash is the third studio album by guitarist Steve Stevens , released on January 29 , 2008 through Magna Carta Records .
The Angolan Democratic Forum ( Fórum Democrático Angolano ) was a political party in Angola .
The instrumental version of the album was originally released in a very limited pressing on Upsetter Records , `` part of which was jacketed in plain sleeves and part of which was jacketed in Soul Revolution Part II sleeves . ''
`` Standing in the Shadows of Love '' is a 1966 hit single recorded by the Four Tops for the Motown label .
One of Vaughan 's first albums for Roulette Records , `` The Divine One '' was , along with `` Sassy '' a nickname for Vaughan .
Rough Dreams is an album by Shivaree , released by Odeon Records in 2002 .
Hangin ' Nothin' but Our Hands Down is the debut album by Portland - based indie rock band Nurses , self released in 2006 and re - released by Sargent House in 2007 .
You 're Awful , I Love You is the second full - length studio album by St. Louis pop punk band Ludo and the band 's first to be released by Island Records .
Because of this Vagrant Records , the label to which both The Get Up Kids and The New Amsterdams were signed , wanted to hold off on the release of Killed or Cured , as it would reflect poorly on The Get Up Kids due to the mood of when it was written .
Frustration Plantation , the fourth studio album recorded by cello - dominated rock group Rasputina , was released by Instinct Records on March 16 , 2004 .
Anisiho Vlemma is an album by the Greek singer Mando , released in Greece in 1994 by Minos EMI .
Look What I Almost Stepped In ... is the eighth studio album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals , released in 2000 by Nitro Records .
The Ragpicker 's Dream is the third solo album by British singer - songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler , released on 30 September 2002 by Mercury Records internationally , and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States .
Small Town Murder Scene is the second album by Canadian indie rock group FemBots , released in 2003 on Paper Bag Records .
The song `` Azure Moon '' is Every Little Thing 's 29th single released by the Avex Trax label .
Takin ' It Easy is the ninth studio album by Seals and Crofts , released in 1978 by Warner Bros. Records .
Professor Satchafunkilus and the Musterion of Rock is the twelfth studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani , released on April 1 , 2008 through Epic Records .
`` Vox Celeste 5 '' is a Deerhunter single released as part of the third edition of Sub Pop 's Singles Club .
Together Through Life is the thirty - third studio album by singer - songwriter Bob Dylan , released on April 28 , 2009 , by Columbia Records .
The Way to Salvation is the fourth album by avant - garde band King Missile , and the band 's first for Atlantic Records .
A Deeper Kind of Slumber is the 1997 Century Media Records release by Swedish band Tiamat .
Ten Freedom Summers is a four - disc box set by American trumpeter and composer Wadada Leo Smith , released on May 5 , 2012 , by Cuneiform Records .
The Hawk Is Howling is the sixth studio album by Scottish post - rock band Mogwai , released on 22 September 2008 through Wall of Sound , Play It Again Sam , and Matador in the UK , Europe , and the USA , respectively .
Hidden Vagenda is the fourth solo album by American singer - songwriter Kimya Dawson , and the first to be released by K Records .
Chicago 18 ( Full Moon / Warner Bros. 25509 ) reached gold status and # 35 in the US during a chart stay of 45 weeks .
You Know FaUSt is a 1997 album by the German krautrock group Faust .
Roses & Clover is the second Brushfire Records release by Animal Liberation Orchestra .
Closed Casket is the fourth studio album by Esham , released on November 22 , 1994 and distributed by Reel Life Productions / Warlock Records .
Strong Persuader is the fifth studio album by American blues singer and guitarist Robert Cray , released on November 17 , 1986 , by Mercury Records and Hightone Records .
Exile on Main St is a double album by English rock band the Rolling Stones , released on 12 May 1972 by Rolling Stones Records .
Let 's Be Friends is the thirty - seventh album by Elvis Presley , released on RCA Camden Records CAS 2408 , in April 1970 .
Holonic - The Self Megamix is a mixtape by Japanese trip hop artist DJ Krush that was released February 2 , 1998 on Mo ' Wax Records .
`` Every Little Step '' is a 1989 single by R&B singer Bobby Brown , written by L.A. Reid and Kenneth `` Babyface '' Edmonds and released by MCA Records .
Let 's Talk About Love is the fifth English - language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released on 14 November 1997 , by Columbia / Epic Records .
`` Feed Me with Your Kiss '' is a song by the alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine , and was released as a single and also the lead track to the EP of the same name on 31 October 1988 through Creation Records .
Short Dog 's in the House is the third studio album by Too Short on Jive Records , and his 6th studio album overall .
`` Good Excuse '' was released in March 2007 in Australia by Jarrah Records and in the United States by Atlantic Records .
`` A Question of Loyalty '' is the fourteenth episode of the BBC comedy series Yes Minister and was first broadcast 6 April 1981 .
The Cat and the Claw is a two - part episode of Batman : The Animated Series , directed by Kevin Altieri and Dick Sebast , which aired on 5 September 1992 and 12 September 1993 , respectively .
`` Competitive Ecology '' is the fourth ( aired as third ) episode of third season of the American television series Community .
The Lancia Thesis ( Type 841 ) is an executive car produced by Italian automaker Lancia between 2001 and 2009 .
Tanequil is a fantasy novel in the High Druid of Shannara trilogy of the Shannara series by Terry Brooks .
High Wizardry is the third novel of the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane .
`` The C - Word '' is the nineteenth episode of the eighth season of House and the 174th overall .
Clarissa Oakes ( titled The Truelove in the U.S.A. ) is the fifteenth historical novel in the Aubrey - Maturin series by British author Patrick O'Brian , first published in 1992 .
`` Undeck the Halls '' is the tenth episode of the ABC sitcom Modern Family and the tenth episode of the series overall .
`` Holy Cornholio '' is the fifth episode of Season 8 and 205th episode overall of the American animated television series Beavis and Butt - head .
Conan the Valorous is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard 's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
`` Ducky Tie '' is the third episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 139th episode overall .
`` On a Clear Day I Ca n't See My Sister '' is the eleventh episode of The Simpsons ' sixteenth season .
`` Catch ' Em If You Can '' is the 18th episode of The Simpsons ' fifteenth season , first broadcast on April 25 , 2004 .
`` Homecoming Out '' is the second episode of the MTV 's comedy series Faking It .
`` All 's Fair in Oven War '' is the second episode of The Simpsons ' sixteenth season , and originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 14 , 2004 .
The Cold Moon is a crime thriller novel written by Jeffery Deaver .
Ruée sur l'Oklahoma is a Lucky Luke comic written by Morris .
Three to Get Deadly is the third novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum and was first published in 1997 .
The Swing School is a 1938 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop .
End in Tears ( 2005 ) is a novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell , the twentieth in her acclaimed Inspector Wexford series .
Whose Body ? is a 1923 novel by Dorothy L. Sayers , which introduced the character of Lord Peter Wimsey .
The Illearth War is the second book of the first trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson .
`` What Will Happen to the Gang Next Year ? '' is the twenty - second and final episode of the sixth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 125th overall episode of the series .
`` Stanny Boy and Frantastic '' is the tenth episode of the seventh season of American Dad!.
The Peugeot 205 was a supermini car produced by the French manufacturer Peugeot from 1983 to 1998 .
The Year of the Wildebeest is a nature documentary from the Survival series shot in 1975 .
Inkspell is the second novel in Cornelia Funke 's Inkheart trilogy .
Oakleaf Bearers , or The Battle for Skandia in the United States , is the fourth novel in the Ranger 's Apprentice book series , which was written by Australian author John Flanagan .
Startide Rising is a 1983 science fiction novel by David Brin and the second book of six set in his Uplift Universe ( preceded by Sundiver and followed by The Uplift War ) .
The Volvo V70 is an executive car manufactured and marketed by Volvo Cars since 1996 and now in its third generation .
`` Same Time , Same Place '' is the third episode of the seventh and final season of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
`` Pet Project '' is the second episode of the first season of Disney 's Teacher 's Pet , and the second episode of the series overall .
`` Fagel Attraction '' is the twenty - third episode of the fourth season of the American television series Will & Grace .
`` Trash of the Titans '' is the 22nd episode of The Simpsons ' ninth season and the 200th overall .
The Black Unicorn is the second novel in the Magic Kingdom of Landover series by Terry Brooks , and the follow - up to Magic Kingdom for Sale --
`` The Hour of the Wolf '' is the first episode of the fourth season of the science - fiction television series Babylon 5 .
Darkover Landfall is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in the Darkover series .
Riders of Judgment is the fifth book chronologically in Frederick Manfred 's The Buckskin Man Tales , which trace themes through five novels set in the 19th Century Great Plains .
`` Any Given Sundance '' ( a play on the title of the film Any Given Sunday , but otherwise unrelated ) is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons ' nineteenth season .
`` Dr. Pierce and Mr. Hyde '' was the 29th episode of the television series M*A*S*H , and the fifth episode of season two .
`` Galentine 's Day '' is the 16th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation , and the 22nd overall episode of the series .
The Old Curiosity Shop was one of two novels ( the other being Barnaby Rudge ) which Dickens published along with short stories in his weekly serial Master Humphrey 's Clock , which lasted from 1840 to 1841 .
`` The Cruciferous Vegetable Amplification '' is the second episode of the fourth season of The Big Bang Theory that first aired on CBS on September 30 , 2010 .
`` The Impossible Planet '' is the eighth episode of the second series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , first broadcast on 3 June 2006 .
The Dorsai Companion is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson from his Childe Cycle series .
Annika Zeyen ( born 17 February 1985 ) is a 1.5-point wheelchair basketball player , who has played for ASV Bonn and RSV Lahn - Dill in the German wheelchair basketball league , and for the University of Alabama in the United States .
The 1923 Klass I season was the first season of the Klass I , the top level ice hockey league in Sweden .
SK Trondheims - Ørn is a Norwegian association football club from Trondheim .
The 2014 FC Kaisar season was the 1st season back in the Kazakhstan Premier League , the highest tier of association football in Kazakhstan , following their demotion to the Kazakhstan First Division in 2012 .
The Amateur Association Basket Alcamo is the main female basketball team from Alcamo .
The World Port Tournament is an international baseball tournament held at the Neptunus Familiestadion in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
Yoshie Takeshita ( 竹下 佳江 Takeshita Yoshie , born March 18 , 1978 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who played for JT Marvelous .
Mike Urquhart ( born April 9 , 1958 ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player , coach and General Manager .
Kanako Hirai ( 平井香菜子 Hirai Kanako , born April 15 , 1984 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who played for Hisamitsu Springs .
John Reid Walker ( 4 June 1855 -- 6 March 1934 ) was a British polo player and racehorse breeder .
Eva de Goede ( born 23 March 1989 ) is a Dutch field hockey player who plays as a midfielder for Dutch club AH&BC .
Watcyn Thomas ( 16 January 1906 -- 10 August 1977 ) was a Welsh rugby union player who captained Wales in the early 1930s .
Emilio Benfele Álvarez ( born 15 November 1972 ) is a former professional tennis player from Spain who retired in 2005 .
Jesús Savigne ( born March 15 , 1953 in Santiago de Cuba , Cuba ) is a former Cuban volleyball player and now Fenerbahçe SK volleyball branch Youth System Coordinator in Turkey .
The Shaw Charity Classic is a professional golf tournament in Canada on the Champions Tour , played at Canyon Meadows Golf and Country Club in Calgary , Alberta .
Alan Gregov ( born April 1 , 1970 ) is a former basketball player from Croatia .
The 2014 Men 's Central American and Caribbean Basketball Championship , also known as 2014 Centrobasket , was the regional basketball championship of FIBA Americas for the Central American and Caribbean subzone .
Hugh Alexander Kennedy ( 22 August 1809 -- 22 October 1878 ) was an English chess master and writer .
Piotr Grabarczyk ( born on 31 October 1982 ) is a Polish handball player , member of Poland national handball team .
Ralph Engelstad Arena ( The Ralph or REA ) is an indoor arena located on the campus of the University of North Dakota ( UND ) in Grand Forks , North Dakota and serves as the home of UND men 's and women 's ice hockey .
Panasonic Wild Knights ( formerly Sanyo ) is a Japanese rugby union team based in Ōta city , Gunma prefecture which plays in the Top League .
Bonifacio Custodio , better known simply as Bonbon Custodio ( born November 30 , 1982 in Burauen , Leyte , Philippines ) , is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barako Bull Energy in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .
Xue Yuyang ( Chinese : 薛玉洋 ; pinyin : Xuē Yùyáng ) ( born October 4 , 1982 in Henan ) is a Chinese basketball player who last played for Henan Shedianlaojiu of the NBL .
The Los Angeles Sharks were an ice hockey team that played in the World Hockey Association from 1972 to 1974 .
The Philadelphia / Baltimore Stars were a professional American football team which played in the United States Football League in the mid-1980s .
The Edinburgh Capitals are a Scottish ice hockey club , playing in the UK - wide Elite Ice Hockey League .
The Hamilton Lloyds were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association for one season in 1945 - 1946 .
Christian Ruuttu ( born 20 February 1964 in Lappeenranta , Finland ) is an ice hockey scout and a former professional player .
Damjan Dervarič ( born February 6 , 1982 ) is a Slovenian professional ice hockey player who is currently on a try - out contract with HKM Zvolen of the Slovak Extraliga .
Rege Ludwig is a polo instructor and high - goal coach who has been playing and instructing polo for over 30 years .
Rolf Wolfshohl ( born 27 December 1938 ) is a former professional road bicycle racing and cyclo - cross racing cyclist from Germany .
The 1983 Cincinnati Open ( also known as the 1983 ATP Championships for sponsorship reasons ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati , Ohio in the United States that was part of the 1983 Volvo Grand Prix .
Donnacha Ryan ( born 11 December 1983 in Limerick , Ireland ) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro 12 and European Rugby Champions Cup .
Yoav Dothan is a chess International Grandmaster in Correspondence Chess , the Israeli champion of Correspondence Chess for the 1997 championship and the winner of the Finland Jubilee 40 .
Liu Fangzhou ( Chinese : 刘方舟 ; born 12 December 1995 ) is a Chinese tennis player .
Cor Gillis ( born 31 March 1989 in Anderlecht ) is a Belgian association football player who currently plays for Heist in the Belgian Second Division .
Luke Witte ( born October 19 , 1950 ) is a retired American college and professional basketball player who is now a church minister .
IHC Leuven ( French : IHC Louvain ) , is an ice hockey team in Leuven , Belgium .
Karel Treybal ( February 2 , 1885 -- October 2 , 1941 ) was a prominent Czech chess player of the early twentieth century .
Sunday Salvacion ( born December 17 , 1978 , in Tago , Surigao del Sur ) is a Filipino professional basketball player who is currently a Free Agent .
The NWA Oklahoma Women 's Championship is a short - lived National Wrestling Alliance 's women 's singles professional wrestling championship .
Travis Konecny ( born March 11 , 1997 ) is a Canadian major junior ice hockey centre and is currently playing for the Sarnia Sting of the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) .
HC Vita Hästen is a Swedish ice hockey club , based in Norrköping , which was founded following the bankruptcy of a previous club called IK Vita Hästen .
The 1997 Copenhagen Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the K.B. Hallen in Copenhagen , Denmark and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour .
Dan Söderström ( born April 5 , 1948 in Horndal , Sweden ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Elitserien .
Ethel Marshall ( May 6 , 1924 - June 12 , 2013 ) was an American badminton player noted for her mobility and shot - making prowess .
The Island Soccer League is a professional six - a - side association football ( also known as ' soccer ' ) league based in Bermuda .
The 2002 WTA Tour Championships , also known by its sponsored name Home Depot Championships Presented by Porsche , was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , United States .
Anna Sipos ( born April 3 , 1908 in Hungary ; died in 1988 ) was a Hungarian table tennis player .
The 1972 Denver WCT was the first edition of the tennis event .
Deron Washington ( born December 12 , 1985 ) is an American basketball player who plays for Vanoli Cremona of the Italian Serie A. He played in college for the Virginia Tech Hokies men 's basketball team .
N'Cho Elodie Mambo ( born 30 March 1981 ) is an Ivorian handball player who has played for Mérignac and the Côte d'Ivoire women 's national handball team .
The 2007 Las Vegas Desert Classic ( also billed as Las Vegas Desert Classic VI ) was the sixth time that the Professional Darts Corporation stage the prestigious darts tournament .
Tochinishiki Kiyotaka ( 栃錦 清隆 , February 20 , 1925 - January 10 , 1990 ) was a sumo wrestler from Tokyo , Japan .
Uroš Slokar ( Slovene pronunciation : ( ˈurɔʃ ˈslokar ) ; born May 14 , 1983 ) is a Slovenian professional basketball player , who last played for Baloncesto Sevilla of the Liga ACB .
Iker Romero Fernández ( born 15 June 1980 in Vitoria , Álava , Basque Country , Spain ) is a 1.97 m and 100 kg Spanish handball player , currently playing left back for Füchse Berlin .
The Indianapolis Impalas ( Indianapolis Rugby Football Club ) are a Division 1 American rugby union team founded in 1980 .
The NWA Mid - America Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling title defended in the US states of Tennessee and Alabama .
Iryna Romoldanova ( Ukrainian : Ірина Ромолданова ; born 29 May 1994 in Kiev ) is a Ukrainian taekwondo practitioner .
Přemysl Kubala ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpr̝̊ɛmɪsl̩ ˈkubala ) ; born 16 December 1973 ) is a Czech volleyball and beach volleyball player .
Sportvereniging Roda Juliana Combinatie Kerkrade ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈspɔrtfəˌreːnəɣɪŋ ˈroːdaː ˌjyliˈjaːnaː ˌkɔmbiˈnaː(t)si ˈkɛr(ə)kˌraːdə ) ; Kerkrade dialect : Sjport Verainiejoeng Roda Juliana Combinaatsiejoeën Kirchroa ) , also known as Roda JC Kerkrade ( ( ˈroːdaː jeːˈseː ˈkɛr(ə)kˌraːdə ) ) is a Dutch professional association football club located in Kerkrade , Netherlands .
Kealoha Pilares ( born February 20 , 1988 ) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent .
Eduardas Rozentalis ( born 27 May 1963 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian chess grandmaster .
Patrick Mannelly ( born April 18 , 1975 ) is a former American football long snapper .
The Trofeo Monte Bianco / Coppa Casino de la Vallée was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Saint - Vincent ( Italy ) , from 2001 to 2003 .
Charles Bonner Larose ( b. February 14 , 1901 in Ottawa , Ontario - d. January 23 , 1963 ) was a professional ice hockey player who played six games in the National Hockey League .
František Cejnar ( 1917 -- May 3 , 1965 ) was a Czechoslovak amateur tennis player in the 1930s .
Tomáš Káňa ( born November 29 , 1987 in Opava , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently playing for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league .
Rickwood Field , located in Birmingham , Alabama , is the oldest surviving professional baseball park in the United States .
Clint Freeman ( born 16 August 1973 , Launceston , Tasmania ) , is an athlete from Australia , who competes in compound archery .
The Leicester and District Football League is an association football competition based in England .
Hristo Zahariev ( Bulgarian : Христо Захариев ) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player who plays for the Bulgarian national basketball team .
Yeşilgiresun Belediyespor , more commonly known as Yeşilgiresun is a Turkish professional basketball club based in Giresun which plays Turkish Basketball Super League .
Vasil Spasov ( sometimes spelled Spassov ; Bulgarian : Васил Спасов ; born February 17 , 1971 ) is a Bulgarian chess grandmaster .
Yuri Vovk ( Ukrainian : Юрій Вовк ; born 11 November 1988 in Lviv ) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster .
Slaviša Koprivica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Славиша Копривица , born June 17 , 1968 ) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player .
Alf Tomas Jonsson ( born 12 April 1960 in Falun , Sweden ) is a former ice hockey player from Sweden .
Petra Dortmund ( born 26 May 1959 , Menden , Germany ) , is a retired German athlete who competes in compound archery .
Michele Godena ( born 30 June 1967 in Valdobbiadene ) is an Italian chess grandmaster , a former European Union champion and five - time national champion .
Iván Miranda Chang ( born March 8 , 1980 , in Lima , Peru ) , is a professional tennis player from Peru .
The Hong Kong national rugby union team ( sevens ) is the national team representing Hong Kong in international rugby sevens tournaments .
Toj was a German Formula Two and Formula Three racing car constructor , founded by Jorg Obermoser .
Simas Jasaitis ( born March 26 , 1982 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player , currently playing for Orlandina Basket of the Lega Basket Serie A. He also represents the Lithuanian national basketball team .
Heinz Wackers ( born 20 September 1925 ) was a professional ice hockey player .
Daniel Vickerman ( born 4 June 1979 in Cape Town , South Africa ) is a former professional rugby union footballer .
Marc Potvin ( January 29 , 1967 -- January 13 , 2006 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League .
David Gérard ( born 26 November 1977 in Toulon ) , is a former French rugby union player .
The Croatia Open ( currently sponsored by Konzum ) is an ATP tennis tournament held in Umag , Croatia that is part of the 250 series of the ATP Tour .
Fotios Katsikaris ( alternate spelling : Fotis ) ( Greek : Φώτιος Κατσικάρης , born 16 May 1967 ) is a Greek professional basketball coach and a former player .
Matt Unicomb is a former Australian professional basketball player who played for the West Sydney Razorbacks in the Australian National Basketball League and Den Helder in the Dutch League .
The 2009 South American Under-15 Football Championship was the fourth South American Under-15 Football Championship , the championship for men 's under-15 national association football teams in CONMEBOL .
Cross country running is one of the disciplines under the umbrella sport of athletics , and is a natural terrain version of long - distance track and road running .
Cyklokros Plzeň ( English : Cyclocross Plzeň ) is a cyclo - cross race held annually in Plzeň , the Czech Republic as part of the UCI Cyclo - cross World Cup .
Rebecca Twigg ( born March 26 , 1963 ) is an American former racing cyclist , who won six world track cycling championships in the individual pursuit .
Jumbo Plastic Linoleum Giants is a basketball team currently playing in the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League ( PCBL ) .
Ivan Yuen Chee Wern , ( born 15 September 1990 ) is a professional squash player from Malaysia .
Berhane Adere Debala ( Ge'ez : ብርሀኔ አደሬ born July 21 , 1973 in Shewa ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specialises in the 10,000 metres and the half marathon .
Maret Ani ( born 31 January 1982 ) is an Estonian retired tennis player .
Les Lions de Genève , based in the city of Geneva , Switzerland , is a professional basketball team in the A division of the Ligue Nationale de Basketball .
The 2012 French Super Series is a top level badminton competition which will take place from October 23 , 2012 to October 28 , 2012 in Paris , France .
Mansoor Zaman ( born April 14 , 1980 in Peshawar ) is a Pakistani professional squash player .
Amy Alcott ( born February 22 , 1956 ) is an American professional golfer and golf course designer .
The Nigerien Basketball Federation(Fédération_Nigérienne_de_Basket - Ball / FENIBASKET ) is the governing body for men 's and women 's basketball in the West African nation of Niger .
Hashim Khan ( Pashto : ہاشم خان‎ ; c. 1910 to 1914 -- 18 August 2014 ) was a squash player from Pakistan .
Hassan Dandach ( Arabic : حسن دندش‎ ) is a Lebanese basketball player .
The 2013 NRL season was the 106th season of professional rugby league club competition in Australia .
CF San Pedro de Atacama is an association football team from Chile which represents the territory of San Pedro de Atacama at association football .
An artistic gymnastics tournament , the Albert Azaryan Cup , is named after Azaryan and hosted in Yerevan , Armenia .
Edgaras Ulanovas ( born January 7 , 1992 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for Žalgiris Kaunas of the LKL .
Earl Manigault ( September 7 , 1944 -- May 15 , 1998 ) was an American street basketball player that was nicknamed `` The Goat . ''
Bojan Beljanski ( born 22 June 1986 ) is a Serbian handball player , currently playing for Bregenz Handball .
The British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame was founded in 1948 and is the third oldest ice hockey Hall of Fame in the world , behind the Russian and Soviet Hockey Hall of Fame ( also founded in 1948 ) and the International Hockey Hall of Fame ( founded in 1943 ) .
Robina Roos Australian Rules Football Club ( nicknamed The Roos ) is a Gold Coast based club competing in the SEQAFL Div 2 Australian rules football competition .
The 2002 Energis Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Amersfoort in the Netherlands and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour .
Linda Antić - Mrdalj , married Antić , ( born January 14 , 1969 ) is a former Yugoslavian and Croatian basketball player and Croatian basketball coach .
Bryan Cody Ransom ( born February 17 , 1976 ) is an American professional baseball utility infielder who is a free agent .
Jessica Gaspar ( born December 7 , 1976 in United States ) is an American former professional basketball player .
The 2014 FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour is an international beach volleyball circuit organized by the Fédération Internationale de Volleyball ( FIVB ) .
The 7th Grey Cup was played on November 20 , 1915 , before 2,808 fans at Varsity Stadium at Toronto to determine the championship of Canadian football .
The Hilversum Trophy , also known as the Hewlett - Packard Trophy , was a women 's tennis tournament played in Hilversum , Netherlands , in 1985 and 1986 .
Clare Nott ( née Burzynski ) ( born 11 August 1986 ) is an Australian 1.0 point wheelchair basketball player who plays for the Kilsyth Cobras in the Women 's national Wheelchair Basketball League ( WNWBL ) and for the Red Dust Heelers in the mixed National Wheelchair basketball League ( NWBL ) .
The 1989 Citizen Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Am Rothenbaum in Hamburg in West Germany that was part of Tier IV of the 1989 WTA Tour .
The 2014 WNBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game played on July 19 , 2014 at the venue then known as US Airways Center ( now Talking Stick Resort Arena ) in Phoenix , Arizona , the current home of the Phoenix Mercury .
Ceyhun Altay ( born August 15 , 1986 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a swingman for Tüyap Büyükçekmece S.K. of the Turkish Basketball League .
The 2003 Open Gaz de France was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France that was part of Tier II of the 2003 WTA Tour .
Martti Juhkami ( born 6 June 1988 ) is a Estonian volleyball player , a member of the Estonia men 's national volleyball team and French club Rennes Volley 35 .
Josh Rosen ( born February 10 , 1997 ) is an American football quarterback who plays college football for the UCLA Bruins .
Antonio Jean - Paul Gladu ( June 20 , 1921 -- February 1 , 2015 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 40 games in the National Hockey League .
Jovana Rad ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јована Рад ; born May 8 , 1987 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player .
Kotoe Inoue ( 井上琴絵 Inoue Kotoe , born February 15 , 1990 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous .
The 1993 Manchester Open was the fourth edition of the Manchester Open tennis tournament in Manchester , England and was played outdoor grass courts .
The 1999 Warsaw Cup by Heros was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Warsaw , Poland that was part of Tier IV of the 1999 WTA Tour .
The 2012 Players Championship Finals ( also known as the 2012 Cash Converters Players Championship for sponsorship purposes ) was the fifth edition of the PDC darts tournament , the Players Championship Finals , which saw the top 32 players from the 2012 PDC Players Championship Order of Merit taking part .
Mike Pletch ( born 12 April 1983 ) is a Canadian rugby union player , who plays for the Canada national rugby team .
Harold Wagstaff ( 9 May 1891 -- 19 July 1939 ) was an English rugby league footballer of the early 20th century .
The Sunshine Hockey League ( SuHL ) was a low - minors professional ice hockey league which operated from 1992 to 1995 .
Duško Pijetlović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душко Пијетловић , 25 April 1985 ) is a Serbian water polo player .
Ali Mahmoud ( Arabic : علي محمود‎ ) is a Lebanese - Canadian basketball player .
Risto Arnaudovski ( Macedonian : Pисто Арнаудoвски ) ( born 9 July 1981 in Zagreb , Croatia ) is a Macedonian handball player , who currently plays for HSG Bärnbach - Köflach .
Piemonte Volley , known for sponsorship reasons as Bre Banca Lannutti Cuneo , is a professional volleyball club based in Cuneo , Italy .
The 2011 Green Property Mens Irish Open ( Ireland F1 Futures ) is an $ 15000 ITF Futures tennis event played on carpet courts .
The Pan American Baseball Confederation ( Confederación Panamericana de Béisbol or COPABE ) , is the governing body of baseball within the Americas .
Rodrigue Mels ; born April 15 , 1985 , in France is a French professional basketball player .
The Torneo Città di Bologna was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Bologna , Italy in 1990 .
Maida Arslanagić ( born 20 April 1984 ) is a Bosnian - Croatian handball player , who currently plays for Danish club Kolding and for the Croatia women 's national handball team .
Régis Racine ( born October 13 , 1970 in Paris , France ) is a French basketball player who played 3 games for the men 's French national team in 1994 .
Luis Ulacia Álvarez ( born September 24 , 1963 , in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban baseball player and Olympic gold and silver medalist .
The Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 ( Arabic : الرابطة الجزائرية المحترفة الأولى لكرة القدم‎ ) ; known as Championnat National de Première Division or Ligue 1 for short , and formerly known as the Championnat National 1 , is the Algerian professional league for association football clubs .
Silvia Huntsman was an English squash player who won the British Open in 1923 .
Teal Fowler , born December 11 , 1970 in Batavia , New York ( USA ) is a former ice hockey player and current manager of Adler Mannheim .
The European Wheelchair Basketball Championship , is the main wheelchair basketball competition contested biennially by national teams governed by IWBF Europe , the European zone within the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation .
Karşıyaka Women 's Volleyball Team is a Turkish women 's volleyball department of Karşıyaka SK , a major sports club based in Karşıyaka , İzmir .
Asaeli Tikoirotuma ( born 24 June 1986 ) is a Fijian rugby union footballer .
Ladislav Lubina ( born February 11 , 1967 ) is former Czech ice hockey player and currently ice hockey coach .
The 2011 Tri Nations Series was the sixteenth annual Tri Nations rugby union series between the national rugby union teams of New Zealand , Australia and South Africa , respectively nicknamed the All Blacks , Wallabies and Springboks .
AS Verbroedering Geel is a Belgian association football club based in Geel , province of Antwerp .
Igor Flego ( born 13 December 1961 ) is a former professional tennis player from Croatia who represented Yugoslavia .
Tomaž Bolčina ( born January 6 , 1994 in Šempeter pri Gorici , Slovenia ) is a Slovenian professional basketball player for KK Šentjur of the Slovenian League and the Adriatic League .
The Middelburg Tigers are a South African professional rugby league club based in Middelburg , Mpumalanga .
Hannu Jortikka ( born 16 December 1956 ) is a Finnish former ice hockey player and current coach .
Lubomira Bacheva ( Bulgarian : Любомира Бачева , born 7 March 1975 ) is a retired professional tennis player from Bulgaria .
Stade Lavallois Mayenne Football Club ( French pronunciation : ​(stɑd lavalwa majɛn ) ) , also referred to as Stade Laval or simply Laval , is a French association football club based in Laval in western France .
The 2014 Copa Centroamericana ( also known as the Central American Cup Tigo 2014 USA for sponsorship reasons ) was the 13th Copa Centroamericana , the regional championship for men 's national association football teams in Central America .
Nicolas Munoz is a French professional rugby league footballer for Lezignan Sangliers of the French Rugby League Championship , as well as a France international representative .
Loek Hollander is a prominent Dutch karate practitioner .
Laird Hamilton ( born March 2 , 1964 ) is an American big - wave surfer , co - inventor of tow - in surfing , and an occasional fashion and action - sports model .
Panagiotis Manias ( alternate spelling : Panayiotis ) is a former international professional basketball player .
George Lyttleton - Rogers ( 10 July 1906 -- 1963 ) was an Irish tennis player , promoter and coach .
Jennifer Chew ( born 1983 ) is an American Paralympic wheelchair basketball player from Walnut Creek , California who was a silver medalist at IWBF World Championship in 2006 and won a gold one in 2010 at the same place .
Glamorgan County Cricket Club ( Welsh : Criced Morgannwg ) is one of eighteen first - class county clubs within the domestic cricket structure of England and Wales .
Karl Thomas Conny Johansson ( born 24 March 1975 ) , commonly known as Thomas Johansson , is a former Swedish tennis grand slam champion .
The Adelaide Adrenaline are a semi - professional ice hockey team based in Thebarton , South Australia that play in the Australian Ice Hockey League ( AIHL ) .
Joseph Plachutta , also Josef Plachutta or Josip Plahuta ( born 13 May 1827 in Zadar , Austrian Empire , today 's Croatia , died 22 July 1883 ) was a Slovene descent chess problemist and chess player , known for his famous problem with Plachutta theme .
Mohamed Kherrazi ( born June 29 , 1990 ) is a Dutch professional basketball player of Moroccan descent who currently plays for the Dutch Basketball League club ZZ Leiden .
José Raúl Capablanca y Graupera ( 19 November 1888 -- 8 March 1942 ) was a Cuban chess player who was world chess champion from 1921 to 1927 .
Lisandro Arbizu ( born September 29 , 1971 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine rugby union footballer .
Tariq Abdul - Wahad ( born Olivier Michael Saint - Jean ; November 3 , 1974 ) is a French basketball coach and former player .
Barbara Pierre ( born April 28 , 1986 ) is a Haitian - born American track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for the United States .
The World Archery Federation ( WA , also and formerly known as FITA from the French Fédération Internationale de Tir à l'Arc ) is the governing body of the sport of archery .
The 1926 Klass I season was the fourth season of the Klass I , the top level of ice hockey in Sweden .
Francky Wardan was a British tennis player residing in France .
Novo Basquete Brasil ( NBB ) is the Brazilian basketball league , created in 2008 as the new format to the Campeonato Brasileiro de Basquete .
Eden Gardens ( Bengali : ইডেন গার্ডেন্স ) is a cricket ground in Kolkata , India .
HC Meshkov Brest ( officially : Brest handball club by the name A. P. Meshkov ) is a handball club from Brest , Belarus .
The Scheveningen system is a method of organizing a chess match between two teams .
Han Xing ( born 8 November 1989 ) is a Congolese table tennis player of Chinese descent .
Aldo Zenhäusern ( 3 August 1951 -- 9 January 2012 ) was a Swiss ice hockey player .
Gateshead Storm are an amateur rugby league club in the North East of England .
Broberg / Söderhamn Bandy is a Swedish bandy club from Söderhamn who play in the Allsvenskan .
The Scottish Hockey Union , commonly referred to simply as Scottish Hockey or the SHU , is the national governing body for the sport of field hockey in Scotland .
Walter Ibarra ( born November 1 , 1987 ) is a Mexican professional baseball player .
Christian Pampel ( born September 6 , 1979 in Meersburg ) is a volleyball player from Germany .
The Tigres del Chinandega is a baseball team competing in the Nicaragua Professional Baseball League , Nicaragua 's professional baseball league .
Brandon Triche ( born February 21 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Virtus Roma of the Lega Basket Serie A. In 2012 he was featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated 's College basketball preview issue .
Peter Bartoš ( born September 5 , 1973 in Martin , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for HC Kosice in National Hockey League in Slovakia .
McLane Stadium is an American football stadium in Waco , Texas .
Albertín Aroldis Chapman de la Cruz ( Spanish : ( aˈɾoldis ˈtʃapman ) ; born February 28 , 1988 ) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Attilio Tesser ( born 10 June 1958 ) is an Italian association football and current manager of Avellino .
George Carmont ( born 30 June 1978 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a retired professional rugby league footballer .
The DALROD sponsored Peterborough Phantoms are a British ice hockey team that play at the Planet Ice Peterborough Arena , in Bretton , Peterborough .
Joop van Oosterom ( born 12 December 1937 , Hilversum ) is a Dutch billionaire , chess and billiards enthusiast .
HC Salamat is a Finnish ice hockey team from Kirkkonummi .
Argiris Papapetrou ( alternate spellings : Argirios , Argyris , Argyrios ) ( Greek : Αργύρης Παπαπέτρου ; born February 21 , 1965 in Aiginio , Greece ) is a retired Greek professional basketball player .
Ryan Gunderson , ( born August 16 , 1985 ) , is an American professional ice hockey player currently for HC Dinamo Minsk of the KHL .
Juris Markauss ( born June 5 , 1943 in Riga ) is a Latvian chess player and International Master in correspondence chess .
Arvydas Eitutavičius ( born 18 September 1982 in Klaipėda , Lithuanian SSR ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player , currently playing for Anwil Włocławek .
The El Paso Buzzards were a professional ice hockey team in El Paso , Texas and were members of the Western Professional Hockey League and Central Hockey League .
Steve Zakuani ( born February 9 , 1988 ) is a Congolese former association football player .
Paul Hilland ( born 28 July 1983 ) is a Scottish association football player , who played for several clubs in the Scottish Premier League and Scottish Football League .
The 1979 Thomas Cup was the 11th edition of the Thomas Cup competition , the world championship of men 's international team badminton .
Pascal Rhéaume ( born June 21 , 1973 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League .
Frida Eldebrink ( born 4 January 1988 in Östertälje ) is a Swedish basketball player who plays for Beşiktaş .
DeAndrew White is an American football wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League .
Marcin Gortat ( Polish pronunciation : ( ' mar.t͡ɕiŋ ' ɡɔr.tat ) ; born February 17 , 1984 ) is a Polish professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Primarily used for rugby union events , Apia Park is the home stadium of the Samoa national rugby union team , Manu Samoa .
Aleksej Aleksandrov ( born 11 May 1973 in Belarus ) is a chess grandmaster ( 1997 ) .
Julie Zogg ( born October 1 , 1992 in Walenstadt ) is a Swiss snowboarder , specializing in Alpine snowboarding .
Sang Yang ( Chinese : 桑洋 , Sāng Yáng ; b. 17 July 1982 in Zhejiang ) is a Chinese badminton player and former Olympian .
CS Bourgoin - Jallieu is a French rugby union club currently competing in the third level of the French league system ( also known by its French initialism of LNR ) in the Fédérale 1 .
Wigan United A.F.C. was an association football club existing from around 1896 into the early 1900s , and was based in Wigan , Lancashire , England .
The 2011 European Youth Baseball Championship will be an under-16 international baseball competition held in Brno and Třebíč , Czech Republic from July 19 to 23 , 2011 .
Craig Fisher ( born June 30 , 1970 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player and the current Head Coach of the University Ontario Institute of Technology Ridgebacks .
Ian Sagar ( born 29 March 1982 ) is a British wheelchair basketball player .
Lavelle Felton ( October 5 , 1979 -- August 13 , 2009 ) was an American professional basketball player playing in the European professional basketball leagues .
Rolls - Royce Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union based in Derby .
The Open de España ( formerly the Spanish Open ) is the national open golf championship of Spain .
Hamed Afagh Eslamieh ( Persian : حامد آفاق اسلامیه ‎‎ , born February 1 , 1983 ) is a professional Iranian basketball player who plays for Shahrdari Arak of the Iranian Super League and also for the Iranian national basketball team .
The Caribbean Football Union , often referred to by its initials CFU , is the nominal governing body for association football in the Caribbean as well as Guyana , Suriname and French Guiana .
Kirsten Knip ( born 14 September 1992 , in Enkhuizen ) is a Dutch volleyball player , who plays as a Libero .
Boys Union Club is an association football club from Nepal .
2012 FIBA Asia Cup was the 4th FIBA Asia Cup , the basketball tournament of FIBA Asia was held at the Ota Gymnasium , in Ota , Tokyo , Japan from September 14 - -22 , 2012 .
The Minnesota Fighting Saints was the name of two professional ice hockey teams based in Saint Paul , Minnesota that played in the World Hockey Association .
Áskell Örn Kárason ( born 1953 ) is an Icelandic chess champion .
Amr Khaled Khalifa ( born November 27 , 1992 ) is a squash player who represents Egypt .
Oleg Yashin ( born December 3 , 1990 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays in the Kontinental Hockey League .
The WXW Diamond Division Championship ( formerly known as the WXW C4 Women 's Championship ) is one of two top female professional wrestling title in the World Xtreme Wrestling promotion .
Marlon Humphrey ( born July 8 , 1996 ) is an American football defensive back for the Alabama Crimson Tide .
Stade Lorrain Université Club Nancy Basket , commonly referred to as SLUC Nancy Basket , is a French professional basketball club based in Nancy .
Joaquín Izuibejeres ( born February 23 , 1982 , in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan professional basketball player .
Ester Aparecida dos Santos ( born on 9 December 1982 ) , commonly known mononymously as Ester , is a Brazilian association football player .
Alex Giorgetti ( born 24 December 1987 in Budapest , Hungary ) is an Italian water polo player .
Lennox Lewis vs. Vitali Klitschko , billed as `` Battle of the Titans '' , was a professional boxing match contested on June 21 , 2003 for the WBC , IBO , The Ring and Lineal Heavyweight Championships .
Curtis Rowe , Jr. ( born July 2 , 1949 ) is a retired American basketball player .
Jochen Wollmert ( born 22 November 1964 ) is a German Paralympic table tennis player .
Bill Hannon ( born August 29 , 1932 ) was an American college basketball player for Army from 1951 to 1954 .
Club San Patricio , or just San Patricio , is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club , located in Pilar , Buenos Aires Province .
Sol Schiff ( 1917 - -2012 ) was an American table tennis player .
Ian James Clarke ( 5 March 1931 -- 29 June 1997 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player , farmer and rugby administrator .
The 2010 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 2010 postseason college baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA , held at Cougar Field in Houston , Texas from May 26 - -
Roger Dean Stadium is a baseball stadium located in the Abacoa community of the town of Jupiter , Florida .
The Vodacom Cup was an annual rugby union competition in South Africa .
Brendan Whittet is an American ice hockey coach who has been the head coach at Brown since 2009 .
Llandovery RFC is a Welsh rugby union club based in Llandovery , Carmarthenshire , Wales .
The 1922 Wimbledon Championships were the 42nd edition of the prestigious tennis tournament , held at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon , London .
Paul Newlove ( born 10 August 1971 in Pontefract , in the West Riding of Yorkshire ) is an English former rugby league footballer of the 1980s , ' 90s and 2000s .
The 1996 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women was the 4th FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women , played under the rules of FIBA , the world governing body for basketball , and the FIBA Africa thereof .
Jessey Voorn ( born March 17 , 1990 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch professional basketball player who plays for Landstede Basketbal .
Émile Druart ( ) was a Belgian competitor in the sport of archery .
Chelmsley Town F.C. is an amateur English association football club based in Marston Green , West Midlands , representing the nearby town of Chelmsley Wood .
Tyler Shelast ( born December 26 , 1984 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who last played for the Kalamazoo Wings in the ECHL .
Michelle Karvinen ( born March 27 , 1990 ) is a Danish - Finnish ice hockey player .
The Obic Seagulls are an American football team located in the Narashino , Chiba , Japan .
Kiril Pavlovski ( born September 18 , 1983 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball Center who last played for Karpoš Sokoli .
Petr Ton ( born 8 October 1973 ) is Czech ice hockey forward .
The 1972 Rothmans International Tennis Tournament was a men 's professional tennis tournament held on indoor carpet courts in the Royal Albert Hall in London , England .
Orlando Graham ( born May 5 , 1965 in Montgomery , Alabama ) , is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Miami Heat in the 2nd round ( 40th overall ) of the 1988 NBA Draft .
Emmanuelle Blais ( born November 7 , 1987 in LaSalle , Quebec ) , is a Canadian ice hockey player .
The Sydney Riot of 1879 was a civil disorder that occurred at an early international cricket match .
The 1969 Swedish Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts held in Båstad , Sweden .
The Cyclo - cross Namur , also called the Citadelcross , is a cyclo - cross race in Namur , Belgium .
Tyler Wilkerson ( born July 25 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player and currently playing with the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .
FC Mostovik - Primorye Ussuriysk ( Russian : `` Мостовик‑Приморье '' ( Уссурийск ) ) is an association football team from Ussuriysk , Russia .
Afusipa Taumoepeau ( pron : aff - oo - sip - ah ) Taumoepeau ( pron : doe - moye - be - ow ) ( born 26 January 1990 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian rugby union player .
Tanel Kurbas ( born May 8 , 1988 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player who currently plays for basketball club Tartu Ülikool / Rock .
Pavel Churavý ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpavɛl ˈxuraviː ) ; born April 22 , 1977 in Liberec ) is a Czech Nordic combined skier who has competed since 1999 .
Battista Sforza ( January 1446 -- 6 or 7 July 1472 ) was the Duchess of Urbino and second wife of Federico da Montefeltro .
Agathe Habyarimana ( née Kanziga ) ( b. 1942 ) is the widow of former President of Rwanda Juvénal Habyarimana .
Sikelgaita ( also Sichelgaita or Sigelgaita ) ( 1040 -- 16 April 1090 ) was a Lombard princess , the daughter of Guaimar IV , Prince of Salerno , and second wife of Robert Guiscard , Duke of Apulia .
Gorgophone is a prominent figure in the mythical history of Sparta , having been married to two kings , Oebalus of Laconia and Perieres of Messenia , and being considered the first woman to have married twice .
On 14 March 2011 , Louis Aliot and Mario Borghezio MEP accompanied Marine Le Pen MEP during her stay in Lampedusa island .
Amanda Schulman is married to Alex Schulman Together the couple have two daughters Charlie ( 2009 ) and Frances ( 2012 ) .
Jan de Wit is married to Riet de Wit , who is an SP alderwoman in Heerlen .
Karin Månsdotter ( in English Catherine , in Finnish Kaarina Maununtytär ; November 6 , 1550 -- September 13 , 1612 ) was Queen of Sweden , first a mistress and then , for a few months in 1568 , the consort of Eric XIV of Sweden .
Alfred Lunt ( August 12 , 1892 -- August 3 , 1977 ) was an American stage director and actor , often identified for a long - time professional partnership with his wife , actress Lynn Fontanne .
Lou Breslow married film actress and comedienne Marion Byron in 1932 , and remained married until her death in 1985 .
Chen Jieru ( Chinese : 陳潔如 ; Wade - Giles : Ch'en Chieh - ju ; Pinyin : Chén Jiérú ; August 26 , 1906 -- January 21 , 1971 ) was the second wife of Chiang Kai - shek .
Henriette Caillaux ( 5 December 1874 -- 29 January 1943 ) was a Parisian socialite and second wife of the former Prime Minister of France , Joseph Caillaux .
Aegeus ' first wife was Meta , and his second wife was Chalciope .
Keith Arkell was once married to Woman Grandmaster and International Master Susan Lalic ( née Walker ) .
In July 2012 , Princess Caroline released a statement announcing that her son Andrea Casiraghi and Tatiana Santo Domingo became engaged after a seven -- year relationship .
Christian and Jewish teachings sometimes hold Adam and Eve ( the first woman ) to a different level of responsibility for the Fall , though Islamic teaching holds both equally responsible .
He was formerly married to film actress Brigitte Bardot , with whom he had a son , Nicolas - Jacques Charrier .
John Jay O'Connor III ( January 10 , 1930 -- November 11 , 2009 ) was an American lawyer and the husband of United States Supreme Court Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor , the first woman to serve on the court .
In Norse mythology , Sigyn ( Old Norse `` victorious girl - friend '' ) is a goddess and is the wife of Loki .
She co - leads the Sylvie Courvoisier / Mark Feldman Quartet and leads her own Trio with Kenny Wollesen and Drew Gress .
Jillian Kesner - Graver ( August 9 , 1949 -- December 5 , 2007 ) was an American actress and historian who worked with her husband , Gary Graver , to preserve the work and legacy of director Orson Welles .
Yaroslavna of Halych , was a Hungarian queen consort , married to King Stephen III of Hungary .
Anabella Drummond ( c. 1350 - -1401 ) was the Queen Consort of Scotland as the wife of Robert III of Scotland .
She was born Johanna Maria Stephanie Vetter in Zutphen and married Flemish writer Ernest Claes .
Shakespeare 's Titania is a very proud creature and as much of a force to contend with as her husband Oberon .
Eadgifu of Kent ( also Edgiva or Ediva ) ( in or before 903 - in or after 966 ) was the third wife of Edward the Elder , King of the Anglo - Saxons .
Irina Mikhailovna Raievskya ( 18 August 1892 - 22 January 1955 ) , ( Russian : Раевская , Ирина Михайловна ) , was Duchess of Mecklenburg , her second husband George , Duke of Mecklenburg ( German : Georg Herzog zu Mecklenburg ) was the head of the House of Mecklenburg - Strelitz from 1934 until his death 1963 .
In 1928 Marianne Zoff married the actor Theo Lingen and Zoff 's daughter Hanne grew up with her and Lingen .
Maria van Eicken ( 1571 in Brussels -- 21 April 1636 in Porta Angelica Monastery , Flaumbach Valley , near Treis - Karden ) was the wife of the Margrave Edward Fortunatus of Baden - Baden .
In Germany , Heinrich von Kleist 's Amphitryon ( 1807 ) remains the most frequently performed version of the myth , with Kleist using Alkmene 's inability to distinguish between Jupiter and her husband to explore metaphysical issues ;
Yolanda de Courtenay ( c. 1200 - -1233 ) , Queen of Hungary was the second wife of King Andrew II of Hungary .
Hwanjile was married to the king Agaja before she was appointed to the position of kpojito ( `` Mother of the Leopard '' ) by Tegbesu , the fourth king of Dahomey .
Marika Lindström has long been a part of the ensemble at Stockholm City Theatre and is married to a Swedish actor , Ingvar Hirdwall .
Anne - Aymone Giscard d'Estaing , born Anne - Aymone Marie Josèphe Christiane Sauvage de Brantès on 10 April 1933 in Paris ) , is the wife of former President of France Valéry Giscard d'Estaing .
Matilda of Anjou , also known as Mahaut ( c. 1111 -- 1154 ) was married in 1119 to William Adelin , son and heir of Henry I of England .
Agnes of Hohenstaufen ( 1176 -- 7 or 9 May 1204 in Stade ) was the daughter of Count Palatine Conrad of the Rhine and from 1195 to 1204 Countess Palatine of the Rhine , as the wife of Henry V , Count Palatine of the Rhine .
Anna Xylaloe ( Άννα ) was the first Empress consort of Manuel I of Trebizond .
Zygolophodon is an extinct genus of African , Asian , North American and European mammutid that lived during the Miocene and Pliocene epochs .
Paratrirhithrum nitidum is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Paratrirhithrum of the family Tephritidae .
Monomeria is a genus of orchids , with 3 recognized species native to Southeast Asia , China and the Himalayas .
Mycobacterium pseudoshottsii , a slowly growing chromogenic species was isolated from Chesapeake Bay striped bass ( Morone saxatilis ) during an epizootic of mycobacteriosis .
Disa bracteata is a species of orchid native to South Africa .
Rhododendron uvariifolium ( 紫玉盘杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to southwestern Sichuan , southeastern Xizang , and northwestern Yunnan in China , where it grows at altitudes of 2100 - -4000 meters .
Pottingeria is a genus consisting of a single species , Pottingeria acuminata , a small tree or large shrub native to mountainous areas of southeast Asia ( Assam , Myanmar , and Thailand ) .
Cyclopharynx is a small genus of two species of cichlid fish .
Orthopristis is a genus of grunts native to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas .
Rhynchippus is an extinct genus of notoungulate mammal .
Brienomyrus is a genus of small elephantfish in the family Mormyridae from Africa .
Leucophytia bidentata is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae .
Nicrophorus chryseus may be a species of burying beetle described by Mazokhin - Porshnyakov in 1953 .
Nemacheilus cleopatra is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus found in Europe .
Osteochilus vittatus is a species of cyprinid fish from Southeast Asia .
Vochysia aurifera is a species of plant in the Vochysiaceae family .
Pangasius is a genus of medium - large to very large shark catfishes native to fresh water in South and Southeast Asia .
Auricularia fuscosuccinea is a species of edible Auriculariales fungus .
Channa bleheri ( rainbow snakehead ) is a fish with snakelike head , and it is the most colorful species of snakehead .
Sardinella rouxi ( yellowtail sardinella ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Sardinella .
Nolana ( Chilean Bell Flower ) is a genus of hard annual or perennial plants in the nightshade family .
Calliostoma benthicola is a species of medium - sized deepwater sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae , the calliostoma top snails .
Labicymbium is a genus of sheet weavers that was described by Millidge in 1991 .
Triplophysa fuxianensis is a species of stone loach in the genus Triplophysa endemic to Fuxian Lake in Yunnan , China .
Agathymus is a genus of butterflies in the skipper family , Hesperiidae .
Argyrotaenia velutinana , the red - banded leafroller moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Physella parkeri , the Broadshoulder Physa , is a species of small air - breathing freshwater snail .
Trigonotretidae is an extinct family of articulate brachiopod fossils belonging to the order Spiriferida .
Epilobium canum , also known as California fuchsia or Zauschneria , is a species of willowherb in the Evening Primrose Family ( Onagraceae ) .
Azorella diapensioides is a species of Azorella flowering plant , found in Peru and Bolivia .
Penicillium dravuni is a monoverticillate and sclerotium forming species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the alga Dictyosphaeria versluyii in Dravuni on Fiji .
The Trochidae , common name top snails , are a taxonomic family of very small to large sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi from 2005 ) .
Mesoclemmys nasuta is a species of turtle that lives in the Guyanas ( north - eastern South America ) .
Aquilegia bertolonii , common name Bertoloni columbine , is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae , native to Southern France and Italy .
Potamotrygonocotyle uruguayensis is a species of flatworm , first described in 2007 .
Elliot 's woodpecker ( Dendropicos elliotii ) is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
Crenella glandula , or the glandular bean mussel , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae .
Silphium perfoliatum , the cup plant or cup - plant , is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family , native to eastern and central North America .
The Malawi bushbaby ( Galagoides nyasae ) is a species of primate in the family Galagidae .
Luma chequen ( White Chilean Myrtle ) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Luma in the family Myrtaceae , native to the central Andes mountains between Chile and Argentina , at latitudes located 30 to 41 ° South .
Kerria japonica , the sole species in the genus Kerria , is a deciduous shrub in the rose family Rosaceae , native to China , Japan and Korea .
Menegazzia pseudocyphellata is a species of lichen found in Taiwan .
Tainoceratidae is a family of late Paleozoic and Triassic nautiloids that are a part of the order Nautilida , characterized by large , generally evolute shells with quadrate to rectangular whorl sections .
Datura leichhardtii is a species of thorn apple .
Thus , the Haplotaxida might eventually be up - ranked to subclass status within the Clitellata or an expanded Oligochaeta , with the present suborders advancing to order rank .
Trichopus is a genus of two known species of flowering plants .
Megawhaitsia is an extinct genus of large therapsid , potentially a therocephalian .
Senecio lamarckianus , the bois de chèvre ( English : wood / antler of goat ) , is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family and a member of the genus Senecio .
Thermoanaerobacter kivui ( formerly Acetogenium kivui ) is an thermophilic , anaerobic , non - sporeforming species of bacteria .
Vitrina pellucida is species of small land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae , the glass snails .
Rubus plicatifolius is a North American species of dewberry in the rose family .
Eleotris sandwicensis , the Sandwich Island sleeper , is a species of sleeper goby endemic to the Hawaiian Islands , where it can be found in marine , fresh , and brackish waters around the coast .
Ilanga incisura is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae .
Amaranthus , collectively known as amaranth , is a cosmopolitan genus of annual or short - lived perennial plants .
Blasiales is an order of liverworts with a single living family and two species .
Nepticulidae is a family of very small moths with a worldwide distribution .
Vir philippinensis is a species of saltwater shrimp found in the Maldives that was first described in 1984 .
Stigmatorhynchus is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1913 .
Nebria taketoi is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Japan .
Callicarpa macrophylla is a species of beautyberry native to the Indian subcontinent .
Taipidon anceyana was a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae .
Hydrornis is a genus of pitta .
Drombus globiceps is one of ten species of goby in the genys Drombus .
Anodontia alba , or the buttercup lucine , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Cyathea exilis is a species of tree fern endemic to the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland , Australia , where it grows in vine forest on a substrate of sandstone .
Chrysotachina amazonica is a species of flies in the genus Chrysotachina of the family Tachinidae .
Edraianthus pumilio ( silvery dwarf harebell ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae , native to Dalmatia in southern Croatia .
Paphiopedilum acmodontum is a species of plants in the Orchidaceae family .
Prunus huantensis is a South American species of plants native to Peru , Ecuador , and Bolivia .
Aparallactus lineatus , or the lined centipede - eater , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae .
Synaphea spinulosa is a species of small shrub in the flowering plant family Proteaceae .
Pseudomuscari azureum ( syn . Muscari azureum ) , the azure grape hyacinth , is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae , native to Turkey .
Spelaeogriphacea is an order of crustaceans that grow to no more than 10 millimetres ( 0.39 in ) .
In taxonomy , Nephroselmis is a genus of green algae .
Oberea atricilla is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Fairmaire in 1893 .
The Balkhash perch ( Perca schrenkii ) is a species of perch found in Kazakhstan , ( in Lake Balkhash and Lake Alakol ) , Uzbekistan , and China .
Gonionemus is a genus of hydrozoans that uses adhesive discs near the middle of each tentacle to attach to eelgrass , sea lettuce , or various types of algae instead of swimming .
Amotosaurus is an extinct genus of tanystropheid protorosaur from the earliest Middle Triassic ( early Anisian stage ) of Black Forest , southwestern Germany .
Ranunculus arvensis , the corn buttercup , devil - on - all - sides or scratch bur , is a plant species of the genus Ranunculus .
Ordosiodon is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsids from the Early Triassic of China .
Carabus pedemontanus vesubianus is a subspecies of black - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in France and Italy .
The Senegal lemniscomys or Senegal one - striped grass mouse ( Lemniscomys linulus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Cyttopsis is a genus of parazens .
Chalcogenia elegans is a beetle species in the genus Chalcogenia .
Caecum searleswoodii is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae .
Hyospathe is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family , native to South America and Central America .
Neptunea despecta is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Sparganium ( Bur - reed ) is a genus of flowering plants , described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753 .
Trichomycterus chaberti is a species of cave - dwelling pencil catfish endemic to Bolivia .
It is known from a rib , a humerus , a femur , and three vretebrae of the single species and holotype , Ashoroa laticosta .
The Wenatchee Mountains checker - mallow , Sidalcea oregana var . calva , is a very rare flowering plant variety that occurs only in five locations in the Wenatchee Mountains of Chelan County , Washington , United States .
Clavularia crassa is a species of colonial soft coral in the family Clavulariidae .
Schwantesia is a genus of plant in the family Aizoaceae .
Pyrgulopsis deserta is a species of freshwater snail in the family Hydrobiidae , the mud snails .
Allium rothii is a plant species found in Israel , Palestine , Syria , Egypt , and Jordan .
Sabal miamiensis , the Miami palmetto , is a rare plant species known only from Dade County , Florida , in the vicinity of the City of Miami .
Hallirhoidae is an extinct family of lithistid demosponges found throughout the world from the Cretaceous to the Eocene , whereupon they became extinct .
Sphinctomyrmex is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dorylinae .
Lawrencia spicata , commonly known as Salt Lawrencia , is a species of plant in the mallow family , Malvaceae .
Allium praecox is a species of wild onion known by the common name early onion .
The Large - fruited Catasetum ( Catasetum macrocarpum ) is a species of orchid .
Scutellosaurus ( pron.:``skoo - TELL - oh - SORE - us '' ) is an extinct genus of thyreophoran ornithischian dinosaur that lived approximately 196 million years ago during the early part of the Jurassic Period in what is now Arizona , USA .
Baphia cymosa is a plant species native to the République du Gabon in central Africa .
Berberis thunbergii ( Japanese barberry , Thunberg 's barberry , or Red barberry ) is a species of Berberis , native to Japan and eastern Asia , though widely naturalized in China and in North America .
Merycoides is an extinct genus of oreodont of the subfamily Merycoidodontinae endemic to North America during the Whitneyan stage of the Oligocene - Late Oligocene epochs ( 30.8 - -24.8 mya ) , existing for approximately 6 million years .
Notropis potteri ( chub shiner ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Notropis .
Myoxanthus reymondii is a species of orchid occurring from western Venezuela to Ecuador .
Rhogeessa is a genus of bats within the vesper bats family , Vespertilionidae .
Chrysactinia A. Gray is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , native to Mexico and to the southwestern United States .
Tropidocarpum californicum , the king 's gold , is a plant species endemic to a small region in California .
Margariscus margarita , the Pearl Dace , is a species of cyprinid fish .
Hyponephele brevistigma is a butterfly species belonging to the Nymphalidae family .
Encephalartos laurentianus is a species of cycad that is native to Angola and the Congo .
Phyllostegia glabra is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name ulihi phyllostegia .
Hydrophis cantoris is a species of venomous sea snake found in the Indian Ocean and its seas , bays and gulfs .
Sternbergia minoica is a plant species endemic to the Island of Crete in the Mediterranean .
Cristatella mucedo is a bryozoan in the Cristatellidae family , and the only species of the Cristatella genus .
Hyphydrus ovatus is a species of diving beetles in the family Dytiscidae .
The Tadami clawed salamander ( Onychodactylus fuscus ) is a species of clawed salamander from Japan .
Cattleya warneri ( the `` Warner 's Cattley 's orchid '' ) is a labiate Cattleya species of orchid .
Chorizanthe valida is a rare species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Sonoma spineflower .
Bletia patula , common name Haitian pine - pink , is a species of orchid .
Gongora quinquenervis is a species of orchid , and the type species of the genus Gongora .
The family Pythidae is a small group of beetles with no vernacular common name , though recent authors have coined the name dead log bark beetles .
Pomaderris oraria , commonly known as Bassian Pomaderris , is a shrub species native to the states of Victoria and Tasmania in Australia .
Carpilius convexus is a species of crab that lives in the Indo - Pacific , from Hawaii to the Red Sea and South Africa .
Nobuea kurodai is a species of tropical land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Cyclophoridae .
The Ceraphronidae are a small hymenopteran family with 14 genera and some 360 known species , though a great many species are still undescribed .
Pselnophorus is a genus of moths in the plume moth family , Pterophoridae .
Ranunculus acraeus , more commonly known as Alpine Buttercup , is a species of the buttercup family , Ranunculaceae , found in New Zealand .
Toragnostus is a genus of trilobites restricted to the late Middle Cambrian .
Siproeta is a genus of butterflies in the Nymphalidae family found in Central America , the Caribbean , and South America .
Hoogstraal 's lemniscomys or Hoogstraal 's striped grass mouse ( Lemniscomys hoogstraali ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Phellodendron chinense is a plant species in the genus Phellodendron .
The thorny - headed worm family Polymorphidae contains endoparasites which as adults feed mainly in fish and aquatic birds .
Carl Peter Thunberg originally described the species as Aitonia capensis in honour of William Aiton , but John Lindley later renamed it to Nymania in honour of Carl Fredrik Nyman .
Carex praegracilis is a species of sedge known by the common names clustered field sedge , field sedge , and expressway sedge .
The Laysan millerbird ( Acrocephalus familiaris familiaris ) was a subspecies of the millerbird , similar in appearance to the remaining subspecies , the Nihoa millerbird .
Neisseria flava ( Latin : flava , yellow , golden ) is a bacterium belonging to a group of species under the genus Neisseria that is considered non - pathogenic .
Rugathodes is a genus of theridiid spiders .
Tulipa sylvestris , the wild tulip or woodland tulip , is a Eurasian and North African species of wild tulip , a plant in the lily family .
Phaedrysmocheilus is an Early Triassic Tainoceratid genus ( Nautiloidea , Cephalopoda ) from Siberia .
The Roper River scrub robin ( Drymodes superciliaris colcloughi ) , also known as the allied scrub robin , is a putative subspecies of the northern scrub robin , a bird in the Petroicidae , or Australasian robin family .
Pectinariidae , or the trumpet worms or ice cream cone worms , are a family of marine polychaete worms that build tubes using grains of sand roughly resembling ice cream cones or trumpets .
Eriastrum luteum is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names yellow woollystar and yellow - flowered eriastrum .
Neottia smallii ( syn . Listera smallii ) , the kidneyleaf twayblade or Appalachian twayblade , is a species of terrestrial orchid found in the eastern United States .
Charina umbratica , known commonly as the southern rubber boa , is a species of snake in the family Boidae .
While more recent research suggests that its sister parvorder , Corvida , is not a monophyletic grouping , the Passerida as a distinct clade are widely accepted .
Oreophryne frontifasciata is a species of frog of the Microhylidae family .
Myrmecia tarsata is a bull ant species native to Australia .
Zitha laminalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Zitha .
Mahonia zimapana is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1901 .
Leucorrhinia proxima , the belted whiteface or red - waisted whiteface , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Palatodonta is an extinct genus of basal placodontiform marine reptile known from the early Middle Triassic ( early Anisian stage ) of the Netherlands .
Plants , also called green plants , are multicellular eukaryotes of the kingdom Plantae .
Iris leptophylla is a species in the genus Iris , it is also in the subgenus of Iris and in the Pseudoregelia section .
Carabus pseudomonticola is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Carabinae subfamily , that can be found in France and Spain .
Peperomia argyreia ( Watermelon Peperomia or Watermelon Begonia ) is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family .
Bilacunaria is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae , with four species .
Cirsium is a genus of perennial and biennial flowering plants in the Asteraceae , one of several genera known commonly as thistles .
Pristimantis fetosus ( `` rana camuflada '' in Spanish ) is a species of frog from the Craugastoridae family .
Conus variegatus , common name the variable cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Callirhoe bushii is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Bush 's poppy - mallow .
Xenomedea rhodopyga , common name the redrump blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Gulf of California .
Calvatia is a genus of puffball mushrooms that includes the spectacular giant puffball C. gigantea .
Hypsoblennius striatus , the Striated blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean , around Costa Rica and Panama .
Pyrrocoma lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name lanceleaf goldenweed .
Leptataspis acuta is a species of froghoppers belonging to the family Cercopidae .
Phiocricetomys is an extinct genus of rodent from Africa .
Drosera andersoniana , the sturdy sundew , is an erect perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia .
Candaharia rutellum is a species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Parmacellidae .
Cheiloceras is a subglobular to thickly lenticular goniatite with a closed umbilicus from the Upper Devonian and type genus for the Cheiloceratidae .
Rubus apogaeus , the falling dewberry , is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Rhinopias is a genus of scorpionfish native to the Indian and Pacific oceans .
Tityus stigmurus is a species of scorpion from the family Buthidae that can be found in Brazil .
Veltheimia capensis is one of two species of flowering plants belonging to the genus Veltheimia , of the family Asparagaceae .
Thymichthys is a genus of fish in the family Brachionichthyidae ( commonly known as handfishes ) , with these currently recognized species :
Hydroida is an obsolete cnidarian order which united such animals as hydras , hydromedusae , and many marine attached hydroids .
Grevillea insignis , commonly known as Wax Grevillea , is a shrub species which is endemic to the south - west of Western Australia .
Jabouilleia is a genus of scimitar babblers , placed in the Pellorneidae family .
Eurycorymbus cavaleriei is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family and the single species in the genus Eurycorymbus .
The western horse lubber grasshopper , Taeniopoda eques , is a relatively large grasshopper species of the Romaleidae family found in the arid lower Sonoran life zone of the southwestern United States and Northern Mexico .
Mormyrus longirostris , commonly referred as the eastern bottle - nosed mormyrid , is a medium - sized fish species belonging to the elephant - snout fish family Mormyridae .
Anthopleura xanthogrammica , or the giant green anemone , is a species of intertidal sea anemone of the family Actiniidae .
Homoeodera edithia , the Edith 's Fungus Weevil is a species of beetle belonging to the family Anthribidae .
Ideorhipistena occipitalis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , the only species in the genus Ideorhipistena .
Vicia dumetorum is a species of legume in the vetch genus .
Hieracium insolitum is a species of plant endemic to Turkey .
Tydeus eriophyes is a species of mite belonging to the family Tydeidae .
Panaeolus alcis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Bolbitiaceae .
Icriocarcinus is an extinct genus of crab from the Maastrichtian or Campanian of Baja California , Mexico , and Merced County , California , United States .
Phelsuma is a large genus of mostly small lizards in the family Gekkonidae .
Allium maowenense is a plant species endemic to the Sichuan region of China .
Buriadiaceae is a family of plants that existed in the Carboniferous to Permian .
Gymnosoma indicum is an Asian species of fly in the family Tachinidae .
Rhinogobius flumineus is a species of goby endemic to Japan where they are found in the mid- to upper reaches of rivers .
Botrynema ellinorae is a species of jellyfish in the family Halicreatidae .
Artemisia douglasiana , commonly known as California Mugwort , Douglas 's Sagewort or Dream Plant , is western North American species of aromatic herbs in the sunflower family .
Ambrosia deltoidea is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names triangle bur ragweed , triangle bursage , and triangleleaf bursage .
Grylloblatta is a genus of insects in the family Grylloblattidae .
Osmia cornuta is a species of bee in the genus Osmia .
Nanobagrus stellatus is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Indonesia where it is found in the Batain Hari basin of Sumatra .
Amanita pseudoporphyria , also known as Hongo 's false death cap , is a species of agaric fungus from the genus Amanita that grows solitarily or gregarious in coniferous forests .
Arctostaphylos parryana , with the common name Parry manzanita , is a species of manzanita .
Laringa is a genus of nymphalid butterfly found in South - east Asia .
Glyphostoma gabbii , common name Gabb 's tooth turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae .
Drosophila yakuba is an African species of fruit fly that is predominantly found in open savanna , and was one of 12 fruit fly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study .
Hymenogaster is a genus of fungi in the Hymenogastraceae family .
Diamphidia or Bushman arrow - poison beetle , is an African genus of leaf beetle .
Betaguttavirus is a genus of viruses , in the family Guttaviridae .
Sepia reesi is a species of cuttlefish native to the southeastern Indian Ocean .
Cardiocrinum is a genus of bulbous plants of the lily family first described as a genus in 1846 .
Nephthytis swainei is a species of flowering plants in the family Araceae , native to tropical West Africa ( Ivory Coast , Ghana , Congo - Brazzaville , Gabon , Cameroon ) .
Epidendrum ibaguense ( pronounced ee - bah - GAIN - say ) is a species of epiphytic orchid of the genus Epidendrum which occurs in Trinidad , French Guyana , Venezuela , Colombia and Northern Brazil .
Melicope haleakalae , Haleakala melicope , was a species of plant in the Rutaceae family .
Dorstenia tuberosa is a species of herb in the Moraceae plant family which is native to Cuba .
Aorotrema is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Tornidae within the superfamily Truncatelloidea .
Bityle bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Bityle .
Rubus vermontanus is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the rose family .
Agoniates is genus of characiform fishes from tropical South America .
Double anglers are a family , Diceratiidae , of anglerfishes .
Stearoceras is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the Lower Pennsylvanian ( Upper Carboniferous ) - Lower Permian with a fair worldwide distribution .
Dosinia elegans , or the elegant dosinia , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae .
Oroxylum is a genus of plant belonging to the family Bignoniaceae .
Vellozia is a plant genus in the family Velloziaceae , described as a genus in 1788 .
Hoplocorypha lobata is a species of praying mantis found in Senegal .
Cephaloleia delectabilis is a species of rolled - leaf beetle in the family Chrysomelidae , first found in Mexico .
Pseudanisotarsus nicki is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Pseudanisotarsus .
Phallus flavidus is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family .
Achnatherum pinetorum is a species of grass known by the common names pinewoods needlegrass and pine needlegrass .
Eragrostis cilianensis is a species of grass known by several common names , including stinkgrass , candy grass , and gray lovegrass .
Leptobrachium smithi ( common name Smith 's litter frog ) is a species of frog found in Southeast Asia .
Sawyeria marylandensis is a species of amoebae , placed in the monotypic genus Sawyeria , and belonging to the group Heterolobosea .
Horkelia hendersonii is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Henderson 's horkelia .
Brachynotus sexdentatus is a species of crab in the family Varunidae .
Phacelia cicutaria , with the common names caterpillar phacelia or caterpillar scorpionweed , is an annual species of Phacelia .
Anoteropsis is a genus of wolf spiders that is endemic to New Zealand .
The Euantennariaceae are a family of fungi with an uncertain taxonomic placement in the class Dothideomycetes .
Egadyla antelmei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Egadyla .
Pholcus velitchkovskyi is a cellar spider species found in Russia , Ukraine and Iran .
Caesalpinia kavaiensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Lemdadella is an extinct genus of redlichiid trilobites that lived during the late Atdabanian stage , which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period .
Drosera allantostigma is a species of pygmy sundew from Australia .
Sorbus wilmottiana , the Willmott 's whitebeam , is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family .
Allomerus decemarticulatus is an Amazonian ant species found in the tropics of South America .
Oedipoda is a genus of grasshoppers , including the blue - winged grasshopper , Oedipoda caerulescens .
Ceanothus ferrisiae ( sometimes spelled ferrisae ) is a rare species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae .
Ecnomiohyla valancifer is a species of frog in the family Hylidae .
Lufengpithecus hudienensis is a prehistoric species of orangutan from the Late Miocene of China .
Oxythyrea funesta is a phytophagous beetle species belonging to the family Cetoniidae , subfamily Cetoniinae .
Rickettsia asiatica is a tick - borne pathogenic species borne by Ixodes ovatus .
Erythrina tahitensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family endemic to French Polynesia .
Pterostylis coccina is a species of orchid endemic to Australia , where it occurs from New South Wales to Victoria .
Mandevilla brachysiphon is a plant species with the common name Huachuca Mountain rocktrumpet .
The Mangaia swiftlet ( Aerodramusa manuoi ) is an extinct species of bird in the swift family .
Vallonia excentrica , common name the eccentric vallonia , is a species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae .
Eucrosia calendulina is a species of plant that is endemic to Peru .
Cymbella is a diatom genus in the family Cymbellaceae .
The genus Nemegtbaatar ( Kielan - Jaworowska Z. , 1974 ) is known by the species Nemegtbaatar gobiensis found in the Campanian ( Upper Cretaceous ) Barun Goyot Formation of Mongolia .
Hoplolatilus purpureus , the Purple sand tilefish , is a species of tilefish native to the western central Pacific Ocean .
Starksia lepicoelia , known commonly as the Blackcheek blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Caribbean Sea and adjacent Atlantic Ocean .
Pseudostomatella papyracea , common name the papery stomatella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Antedon petasus is a marine invertebrate , a species of crinoid or feather star in the family Antedonidae .
Xylorhiza is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , are known as woodyasters .
Hydrelia is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae .
Brosmolus longicaudus , Longtail cusk , is a species of viviparous brotula native to the reefs around Australia .
Chasmaporthetes , also known as hunting or running hyena , is an extinct genus of hyenas endemic to North America , Africa , and Asia during the Pliocene - Pleistocene epochs , living from 4.9 million to 780,000 years ago , existing for about 4.12 million years .
Tarchonantheae is a tribe of plants within the Asteraceae , or sunflower family , of flowering plants .
Riograndia is a genus of tritheledontid cynodont from the Late Triassic of South America .
The Luehdorfiini are a tribe of swallowtail butterflies .
Artoriopsis is a genus of wolf spiders that is endemic to Australia .
Victoria gordoni is a species of moth in the family Geometridae from Africa .
Ophryotrocha scutellus , is a species of polychaete worm .
The Mauritius starling ( Cryptopsar ischyrhynchus ) is an extinct species of starling , described in 2014 by Julian P. Hume , based on subfossils from Mauritius .
Allium macrostylum is a Central Asian species of wild onion native to the Tien Shan Mountains in Kyrgyzstan .
Mittendorf 's lemniscomys or Mittendorf 's striped grass mouse ( Lemniscomys mittendorfi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Nassarius coronatus , common name the crown nassa , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Ptilium crista - castrensis , the knights plume moss or ostrich - plume feathermoss , is a moss species within the family Hypnaceae , in the class Bryopsida , subclass Bryidae and order Hypnales .
Stachyphrynium is a genus of plants native to China , the Indian Subcontinent , and Southeast Asia .
Hapalorestes is a genus of hapalodectid that lived during the early to middle Eocene .
Brabejum is a genus of a single species of large evergreen tree , Brabejum stellatifolium , commonly called wild almond , bitter almond or ghoeboontjie .
Murzinarctia is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Arctiidae .
Psephophorus is an extinct genus of sea turtle that lived from the Oligocene to the Pliocene .
Allium caspium is a species of onions named for the Caspian Sea .
Panulena perrugosa was a species of air - breathing land snail or semislug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae .
Lasioderma falli is a species of beetles in the genus Lasioderma of the family Anobiidae .
Ectenolites is a genus of small , slender , cylindrial Ellesmeroceratids that resemble Ellesmeroceras but are smaller and proportionally narrower .
Austroraptor ( pron.:``AWE - stroh - RAP - ter '' ) is an extinct genus of dromaeosaurid dinosaur that lived about 70 million years ago during the Cretaceous Period in what is now modern Argentina .
Viola arvensis is a species of violet known by the common name field pansy .
Sapphirina darwinii is a species of parasitic copepod .
Vicia cracca ( tufted vetch , cow vetch , bird vetch , blue vetch , boreal vetch ) , is a species of vetch native to Europe and Asia .
The Trogulidae are a family of harvestmen with about 45 known species .
Amphiplica is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Caymanabyssiidae .
The sooty albatrosses are small albatrosses from the genus Phoebetria .
Vitis vinifera ( common grape vine ) is a species of Vitis , native to the Mediterranean region , central Europe , and southwestern Asia , from Morocco and Portugal north to southern Germany and east to northern Iran .
Glycyrrhiza is a genus of about 18 accepted species in the legume family ( Fabaceae ) , with a subcosmopolitan distribution in Asia , Australia , Europe , and the Americas .
Phestilla melanobrachia is a species of sea slug , an aolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tergipedidae .
Acanthogonatus quilocura is a mygalomorph spider of Chile , its name referring to the seemingly unending number of species within this genus ( `` locura '' meaning madness in Spanish ) .
Peropteryx is a genus of 5 species of bat in the family Emballonuridae , namely :
Protonectarina sylveirae , commonly referred to as the Brazilian wasp , is a neotropical swarm - founding wasp species that ranges widely across South America .
The spider species Araneus diadematus is commonly called the European garden spider , diadem spider , cross spider , or crowned orb weaver .
Tatuidris , or armadillo ant , is a rare genus of ants consisting of a single species , Tatuidris tatusia .
Onychoteuthis borealijaponica , the boreal clubhook squid , is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae .
Homidia pentachaeta is a species of soil - dwelling springtail belonging to the family Entomobryidae .
Salix rupifraga is a species of willow native to mountains of Honshū ( Japan ) .
Potamoidea is a superfamily of freshwater crabs , comprising the two families Potamidae and Potamonautidae .
Archaeornithura is an extinct genus of ornithuromorphs from the early Cretaceous period .
Batella is a genus of snapping shrimp comprising three species :
Proxilodon is an extinct genus of recumbirostran microsaur amphibian from the Early Permian Speiser Formation of Kansas , USA .
Schistocerca americana is a species of grasshopper in the family Acrididae known commonly as the American grasshopper and American bird grasshopper .
Cigaritis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The members ( species ) are found in Afro - Asia and the Oriental region .
Phylidonyris is a genus of birds in the honeyeater family .
Europolemur is a genus of adapiformes primates that lived in Europe during the middle Eocene .
Lioconcha castrensis , common name the zigzag venus , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae , the venus clams .
Paroedopa punctigera is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Paroedopa of the family Ulidiidae .
Liceida ( also Liceales ) is an order of Amoebozoa .
Zakerana mysorensis ( Mysore frog ) is a species of frog that is endemic to the Western Ghats , India .
The genus is monotypic containing the single species Thaumaina uranothauma
Adjinga vittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Adjinga .
Microlophus tigris , the tiger Pacific iguana , is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Peru .
Tetramolopium is a genus of plants in the aster tribe within the daisy family .
Sibara is a genus of ten plant species in the mustard family known commonly as the winged rockcresses .
Onychodus ( /ɒˈnɪkədəs/ , from Greek meaning `` claw - tooth '' ) is a genus of prehistoric lobe - finned fish which lived during the Devonian period ( Eifelian - Famennian stages , around 374 to 397 million years ago ) .
Odontotrochus chlorostomus is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails This species has several common names :
Malaxis wendtii , the Wendt 's adder's - mouth orchid , is a North American species of orchids native to northern Mexico ( Querétaro , Nuevo León , Coahuila ) and the US State of Texas .
Anophthalmus hitleri ( Slovene : Hitlerjev brezokec ) is a species of blind cave beetle found only in five humid caves in Slovenia .
Pogogyne nudiuscula is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Otay mesa mint .
Doulingoceras is a genus of ammonoid within the ceratitid order , found in China , that lived during the Late Permian during the time span from about 260.5 to 254 million years ago .
Miltonia candida , the Snow - white Miltonia , is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil .
Epicauta vittata is a species of beetle in the family Meloidae , the blister beetles .
Paphiopedilum glaucophyllum , common name The Shiney Green Leaf Paphiopedilum or Tropical Ladys - Slipper , is a species of flowering plants in the genus Paphiopedilum belonging to the Orchidaceae family .
Cellana denticulata , or the denticulate limpet , is a species of true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae , one of the families of true limpets .
Orthops campestris is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae , subfamily Mirinae , that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Azores , Faroe Islands , Iceland and African islands such as Canary Islands and Cyprus .
Petradoria is a genus of North American subshrubs in the aster tribe within the daisy family .
Heterogaster artemisiae is a species of seed bug that has been reported as a pest of common thyme in Hungary .
Dittrichia graveolens , commonly known as stinkwort or stinking fleabane , is a plant species in the sunflower family , native to southern Europe , North Africa , and western Asia as far east as Pakistan .
Draba hispida , common name Three - toothed whitlow grass , is a species of plants belonging to the family Brassicaceae .
Thelymitra villosa , commonly called the custard orchid is a species of orchid which is endemic to Western Australia .
Zingiberaceae ( /ˌzɪndʒɪbəˈreɪsiː/ ) or the ginger family is a family of flowering plants made up of more than 1300 species of aromatic perennial herbs with creeping horizontal or tuberous rhizomes .
Allium atropurpureum is a plant species native to Hungary , the Balkans , and Turkey .
Steatoda bipunctata is a species of cob - web spider , of the genus Steatoda , in the family Theridiidae .
Clarkia australis is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Small 's southern clarkia .
Actinistia is a subclass of mostly fossil lobe - finned fishes .
Stenotus acaulis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name stemless mock goldenweed .
The bushtits or long - tailed tits , Aegithalidae , are a family of small , drab passerine birds with moderately long tails .
Lucernariopsis is a stalked jellyfish genus .
Petrosavia is a genus in the family Petrosaviaceae .
Ectrosia is a genus of Asian , Australian , and Pacific Island plants in the grass family .
Amaranthus grandiflorus is a species of Amaranthus found in Australia .
The Eiao Marquesan warbler ( Acrocephalus percernis aquilonis ) is a subspecies of the northern Marquesan reed warbler found only in the dry upland forest on Eiao in the northern Marquesas Islands .
Delena is a small genus of huntsman spiders occurring in Australia and New Zealand .
Leptospermum recurvum is a species of Leptospermum native to Malaysia .
The Glacier Bay water shrew ( Sorex alaskanus ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Hipponix incurvus is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Hipponicidae , the hoof snails .
Austrorossia enigmatica is a species of bobtail squid native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean ; it occurs off the coast of southern Africa from Namibia to Cape Province .
Spirulida is an order of cephalopods comprising one extant species ( Spirula spirula ) and several extinct taxa .
Of the Simsia calva species , the average height ranges from 30 - -150 cm ( 12 - -59 in ) .
Eremothera chamaenerioides is a species of evening primrose known by the common name long - capsule suncup .
Eucalyptus dalrympleana , commonly known as broad - leaved kindlingbark or mountain white gum , is a species of flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae , native to southeastern Australia .
Mauritia maculifera , common name : the Blotched Cowry or Reticulated Cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
The genus is endemic in Taiwan and consists of only one species , Taicallimorpha albipuncta .
Oecanthus pellucens , common name Italian Tree Cricket , is a species of tree crickets belonging to the family Gryllidae , subfamily Oecanthinae .
Percina carbonaria , the Texas logperch , is a small bony fish species in the genus Percina .
Carabus marietti is a species of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria , European part of Turkey , and Near East .
Podocarpus totara ( tōtara ) is a species of podocarp tree endemic to New Zealand .
Allactaea lithostrota is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Allactaea .
Rhacophorus gauni is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Indonesia and Malaysia .
Myrsine linearifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common name narrowleaf colicwood .
Ijimaia is a genus of jellynose fishes , one of four in the order Ateleopodiformes .
Tetramolopium capillare is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name pamakani .
Boraginales is a valid taxonomic name at the rank of order for a group of flowering plants .
Spiders ( order Araneae ) are air - breathing arthropods that have eight legs and chelicerae with fangs that inject venom .
Zaireichthys wamiensis is a species of loach catfish endemic to Tanzania .
Conus sazanka , common name Sazanka 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Otopleura nodicincta , common name the nodulose pyram , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Harmonia hallii ( formerly Madia hallii ) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Hall 's harmonia and Hall 's madia .
Reig 's opossum ( Monodelphis reigi ) is a South American opossum species of the family Didelphidae , discovered in 2004 .
Therocephalia is an extinct suborder of eutheriodont therapsids from the Permian and Triassic .
Gleditsia assamica is a species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is found only in India .
Tiarocarpus is a genus of Afghan plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family .
Tiarella cordifolia , the heartleaf foamflower , heartleaved foamflower , Allegheny foamflower , false miterwort , or coolwort , is a species of herbaceous perennial flowering plant native to North America .
Micromesistius , the blue whitings , is a genus of cods .
Serenoa repens , commonly known as saw palmetto , is the sole species currently classified in the genus Serenoa .
Penicillium inflatum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces sterigmatocystin .
Littorina obtusata , common name the flat periwinkle , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles .
Sphyraena sphyraena is normally a pelagic species found high in the water column , but smaller fish often found near bottom of the water column .
Lycodon laoensis , commonly known as the Laotian wolf snake , is a species of colubrid snake , which is endemic to Asia .
The family Pandaceae consists of three genera that were formerly recognized in the Euphorbiaceae .
Indiophonus pilosus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Indiophonus .
Rubus adenophorus is a species of deciduous shrub in the genus Rubus in the family Rosaceae native to China , where it was discovered in 1907 .
Dillhoffia is an extinct monotypic genus of flowering plant with a single species , Dillhoffia cachensis known from Ypresian age Eocene fossils found in British Columbia , Canada , and Washington , USA .
Thecladoris tylonotoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Thecladoris .
Spanglerogyrus albiventris is a species of beetle in the family Gyrinidae , the only species in the genus Spanglerogyrus .
Rhacophorus viridis ( Okinawan tree frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Morus celtidifolia , the Texas mulberry , is a plant species native to South America , Central America , Mexico , and the southwestern United States , ranging from Argentina north as far as Arizona and Oklahoma .
Pteronia is a genus of flowering plant in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Hibiscus rosa - sinensis , known colloquially as Chinese hibiscus , China rose , Hawaiian hibiscus , and shoeblackplant , is a species of tropical hibiscus , a flowering plant in the Hibisceae tribe of the family Malvaceae , native to East Asia .
Chelemys delfini , also known as the Magellanic long - clawed akodont , is a species of rodent in the genus Chelemys of family Cricetidae .
Tetracoccus hallii is a species of flowering shrub in the family Picrodendraceae , known by the common names Hall 's shrubby - spurge and Hall 's tetracoccus .
Penicillium duclauxii is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces xenoclauxin and duclauxin .
Astragalus whitneyi is a species of legume known by the common name Balloon - pod milk - vetch or Balloon milk - vetch .
Chiroteuthis veranyi , commonly known as the long - armed squid , is a species of chiroteuthid squid .
Enterolobium is a genus of 12 species of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae , native to tropical and warm - temperate regions of the Americas .
Prionobrama is a genus of characins found in tropical South America , with two currently described species :
Carabus exiguus is a species of black - coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to China .
Vokesimurex woodringi , common name Woodring 's murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Bactris is a genus of spiny palms which is native to the Mexico , South and Central America and the Caribbean .
Hollisteria is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with a single species , Hollisteria lanata .
Mastotermes darwiniensis , common names giant northern termite and Darwin termite , is a termite species found only in northern Australia .
Pavona decussata , sometimes known as leaf coral , is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Agariciidae .
Boletus loyo is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae that is found in South America .
Centaurea sphaerocephala is a species of Centaurea found in the Iberian Peninsula .
Ceratophora erdeleni , or Erdelen 's horned lizard , is an agamid species endemic to Sri Lanka .
Phacelia coerulea is a species of phacelia known by the common name skyblue phacelia .
Crocidura guy is of species of shrew from Northeastern Vietnam , Viet Bac karst formation .
Chlamydogobius is a genus of Australian freshwater gobies .
Anatoma regia is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Anatomidae .
Vanilla moonii is an endangered vanilla species found only in Sri Lanka .
Hippurites is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusk from the Late Cretaceous of Africa , Asia , Europe , North America , and South America .
The Oppeliidae is the principal family of the Haplocerataceae , with the longest durantion , extending from the Middle Jurassic ( Bajocian ) to the Upper Cretaceous ( Cenomanian ) Their derivation is from the Hildocerataceae .
Gentiana newberryi is a species of gentian known by the common names alpine gentian and Newberry 's gentian .
Pseudoclappia , the false clapdaisies ' , is a genus of North American shrubs in the marigold tribe within the daisy family .
Drypetes oblongifolia is a plant species of the genus Drypetes and the family Putranjivaceae .
Mirabilis alipes is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name winged four o'clock .
Errantia , occasionally Aciculata , is a subclass of polychaete worms .
It contains only one species , Peristactis taraxias , which is found in Sri Lanka .
Gulella streptostelopsis is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae .
Allium stipitatum , Persian shallot , is an Asian species of onion native to central and southwestern Asia .
Woodland salamanders are lungless salamanders of the genus Plethodon .
Dioscorea esculenta , commonly known as the Lesser Yam , is a yam species , but with a smaller corm than most other yams .
Sodalis glossinidius is a species of bacteria , the type and only species of its genus .
Lespedeza virginica ( slender bush clover or slender lespedeza ) is a species of bush clover native to much of the Eastern , Southern , and Midwestern United States , as well as Ontario , Canada .
Fissurella volcano , commonly named the volcano limpet or volcano keyhole limpet , is a species of small to medium - sized sea snails or limpets , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
The genus contains only one species , Hypidota neurias , which is found in Brazil .
Deltabaculovirus is a genus of viruses , in the family Baculoviridae .
Pseudhecyra albofasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudhecyra .
Neolitsea daibuensis is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family endemic to Taiwan .
Chikilidae is a family of Indian caecilians , the 10th and most recent ( 2012 ) family of caecilians ( legless amphibians ) to be identified , although the type species , Chikila fulleri ( formerly Herpele fulleri ) was first described in 1904 .
Gyrinus marinus is a species of beetle native to the Palearctic , including Europe .
Mycena metata is a species of Mycenaceae fungus found in Europe .
Trifolium willdenovii , the tomcat clover , is a species of plant in the pea family Fabaceae .
Arceuthobium abietinum is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as fir dwarf mistletoe .
Enigmatochromis lucanusi is a species of cichlid known only from the Foto River near Fria , Guinea .
Oodini is a ground beetle tribe in the subfamily Harpalinae .
Palaina pupa is a species of minute land snails with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae .
Sedum oblanceolatum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common names oblongleaf stonecrop and Applegate stonecrop .
Nesillas is a genus of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family .
The Achlyodidini ( sometimes -- but apparently in error -- spelled Achylodidini ) are a tribe in the skipper butterfly subfamily Pyrginae .
Sequoiadendron chaneyi is an extinct species of tree in the Cupressaceae genus Sequoiadendron .
Rhinocochlis nasuta is a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Dyakiidae .
Astragalus inyoensis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Inyo milkvetch .
Hemilocrinitus barbatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Hemilocrinitus .
Mendozasaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur .
Pleomele auwahiensis , commonly known as Maui hala pepe , is a species of flowering plant that is endemic to the islands of Maui and Molokaʻi in Hawaiʻi .
Carex amplifolia is a species of sedge known by the common name bigleaf sedge .
Porpoloma umbrosum , commonly known as the amyloid tricholoma , is a species of fungus in the family Tricholomataceae , and the type species of the genus Porpoloma .
Oeneis uhleri , Uhler 's Arctic , is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Placidochromis johnstoni is a species of cichlid native to Lake Malawi , Lake Malombe and the upper reaches of the Shire River where it prefers shallow waters with plentiful vegetation .
Malope is a genus of three species ) in the mallow botanical family ( Malvaceae ) .
Brochymena is a genus of insects , sometimes known as the rough stink bugs .
Eupomatia bennettii , commonly named Small Bolwarra , is a species of shrubs of the Australian continent ancient plant family Eupomatiaceae , found in sub - tropical rainforest in eastern Australia .
Bouteloua trifida is a species of grass known by the common name Red Grama .
Mycobacterium haemophilum is a species of the phylum Actinobacteria ( Gram - positive bacteria with high guanine and cytosine content , one of the dominant phyla of all bacteria ) , belonging to the genus Mycobacterium .
Anatoma finlayi is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae .
Heleobops is a genus of very small aquatic snails , operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae .
Sicamugil is a genus of mugilid mullets found in rivers of South Asia and Burma .
Iris variegata is a species in the genus Iris , also in the subgenus Iris .
It contains the single species Grammarctia bilinea , which is found in Lesotho , Mozambique , South Africa and Zimbabwe .
Plectorhinchus is a genus of grunts , the sweetlips , found in fresh , brackish , and salt waters .
Alestes stuhlmannii is a species of fish in the family Alestidae .
Cerithideopsis californica , common name the California hornsnail or the California horn snail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae .
The Banggai fruit dove ( Ptilinopus subgularis ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Pachycrocuta was a genus of prehistoric hyenas .
Chrysanthellum is a genus of flowering plants in the chrysanthemum family .
Syngenoherpiidae is a family of solenogaster , a shell - less worm - like mollusk .
Xylobolus frustulatus , commonly known as the ceramic fungus or ceramic parchment , is an inedible species of crust fungus in the Stereaceae family .
Semecarpus kraemeri , or Chuuk poisontree , is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family .
Nitrososphaera is a genus of ammonia oxidizing archaeans in the order Nitrososphaerales .
Leptocleididae is a family of small - sized plesiosaurs that lived during the Early Cretaceous period ( early Berriasian to early Albian stage ) .
Lepidospartum latisquamum is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name Nevada broomsage .
The Forskaliidae are a family of siphonophores .
Phacelia rattanii is a species of phacelia known by the common name Rattan 's phacelia .
The Amblycipitidae are a family of catfishes , commonly known as torrent catfishes .
Ibacus alticrenatus is a species of slipper lobster that lives in the waters of Australia and New Zealand .
The White Owl , Neorina patria , is a species of satyrine butterfly found in India ( Assam ) , Burma , Thailand , Laos and Vietnam .
Orthochromis malagaraziensis is a species of cichlid native to the Malagarasi River in Tanzania and Burundi .
Rhacodactylus leachianus , commonly known as the New Caledonian giant gecko or Leach 's giant gecko , is a large species of gecko , first described by Georges Cuvier in 1829 , which is endemic to New Caledonia .
Erigeron chrysopsidis is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Dwarf yellow fleabane .
Scutiger adungensis ( Adung lazy toad ) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family .
Rhododendron vialii ( 红马银花 ) is a rhododendron species native to Laos , Vietnam , and southern Yunnan , China , where it grows at altitudes of 1200 - -1800 meters .
Pseudomugil inconspicuus , commonly known as the inconspicuous blue - eye , is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae .
Sitalcicus gardineri is an extinct species of harvestmen in the family Podoctidae .
It consists of only one species , Fascilunaria cyphoschema , which is found in south - western China , northern Vietnam and Burma .
†Partula sagitta was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Rambuasalama augustasi is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Rambuasalama .
Macromerion is an extinct genus of non - mammalian synapsid from the Late Carboniferous of Germany .
Mimagnia quadrifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimagnia .
Richtersveldia insperata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Richtersveldia .
Trombidium holosericeum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium , commonly called the velvet mite .
Epilobium glaberrimum is a species of willowherb known by the common name glaucous willowherb .
Ophrys umbilicata is a species of orchid found from Albania to Iran , including Greece , Israel , Turkey and Cyprus .
Corcyra nidicolella is a species of snout moth in the genus Corcyra .
Addisonia excentrica is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Addisoniidae .
Anisopodus bellus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Martins & Monné in 1974 .
Staphylococcus epidermidis is a Gram - positive bacterium , and one of over 40 species belonging to the genus Staphylococcus .
Dicksonia fibrosa ( common names golden tree fern , and whekī - ponga or kuripaka in Māori ) is a species of medium - sized tree fern native to New Zealand .
The Crossosomatales are an order , newly recognized by the AGP II , of flowering plants , included within the Rosids , which are part of the eudicots .
Allium hickmanii is a rare species of wild onion known by the common name Hickman 's onion .
Plagiobothrys nothofulvus is a species of flowering plant in the boraginaceae family known by the common names rusty popcornflower and foothill snowdrops .
Abies fargesii ( Chinese : 巴山冷杉 ) is a species of fir , a coniferous tree in the Pinaceae family .
There is only one known species , Monarrhenus salicifolius , native to the Islands of Mauritius and Réunion in the Indian Ocean .
Ceratina picta , also known as Ceratina ( Xanthoceratina ) picta , is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae .
Eothoracosaurus is an extinct genus of gavialoid crocodilian .
Palafoxia arida is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names desert palafox and Spanish needle .
Cristatogobius is a genus of gobies native to the western Pacific Ocean .
Orthetrum brachiale , the tough skimmer or strong skimmer , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Danthoniastrum is a genus of Balkan and Caucasian plants in the grass family .
Antennaria anaphaloides ( pearly pussytoes ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Inoceramus ( Greek : translation `` strong pot '' ) is an extinct genus of fossil marine pteriomorphian bivalves that superficially resembled the related winged pearly oysters of the extant genus Pteria .
Drymaria pratheri is a plant species endemic to a small section of the Mexican State of Nuevo León .
Estemmenosuchus ( meaning `` crowned crocodile '' in Greek ) is a genus of large , early omnivorous therapsid .
Carabus marietti muchei is a subspecies of black coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey .
Lymnorea is a genus of marine hydrozoans belonging to the order Anthomedusae .
Sanderella is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae , native to South America .
Sambucus racemosa is a species of elderberry known by the common names red elderberry and Red - berried Elder .
Ismene amancaes , commonly called Amancae or Amancay is an endemic herbaceous plant species of the coastal hills of Peru .
Portulaca bicolor is a succulent species of the family Portulacaceae with cylindrical leaves and red stems .
Alteromonas is a genus of Proteobacteria found in sea water , either in the open ocean or in the coast .
The genus Ptiloris consists of three allopatric species of birds in the Paradisaeidae family .
Koloonella turrita , common name the turret pyramid - shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Murchisonellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Malus transitoria , the cut - leaf crabapple , is a species of flowering plant in the crabapple genus Malus of the family Rosaceae .
Leptothrium is a genus of African , Asian , and Neotropical plants in the grass family .
Stenoglottis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae native to southern and eastern Africa .
Atimiliopsis ochripennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Atimiliopsis .
Matthey 's mouse ( Mus mattheyi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Sheldonia fuscicolor , common name the montane tail - wagger snail , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Urocyclidae .
Bupleurum lancifolium is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name lanceleaf thorow - wax .
Attalea cohune , commonly known as the cohune palm ( also rain tree , American oil palm , corozo palm or manaca palm ) , is a species of palm tree native to Mexico and parts of Central America .
Rodolia is a genus of ladybird beetles belonging to the family Coccinellidae .
Neoaetosauroides is an extinct genus of primitive aetosaur .
Plagiomene is an extinct genus of early flying lemur like mammal from North America that lived during the Paleogene .
Heliamphora heterodoxa ( Greek : heteros = other , doxa = opinion , belief ) is a species of marsh pitcher plant native to Gran Sabana and the plateau of Ptari Tepui in Venezuela .
Aliciella triodon ( formerly Gilia triodon ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name coyote gilia .
Aniara sepulchralis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Aniara .
Brodiaea elegans is a species of flowering plant in the cluster - lily genus known by the common names harvest brodiaea , elegant brodiaea , and elegant cluster - lily .
Masthala favillalella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Masthala .
Neodiplogynium vallei is a species of parasitic mite belonging to the family Diplogyniidae .
Aegiphila monstrosa is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae .
Dardanus tinctor , the anemone hermit crab , is a species of marine hermit crab in the family Diogenidae .
Bostryx edmundi is a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae .
Ellobium pyramidale is a species of small , air - breathing , saltmarsh snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae .
Gaultheria cuneata is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae , native to western China .
Rhodymenia is a genus of red algae , containing the following species :
Megaconus is an extinct genus of mammaliaform from the Middle Jurassic Tiaojishan Formation of Inner Mongolia , China .
The Phylliroidae are a family of nudibranch sea snails , highly adapted to a pelagic lifestyle and occurring in tropical surface waters around the globe .
Hutchemys ( Hutchison 's turtle ) is an extinct genus of softshell turtles from the late Cretaceous ( Maastrichtian stage ) to the late Paleocene of New Mexico , Montana , Wyoming and Utah , USA .
Choristis discotypa is a species of moth of the Tortricoidea superfamily .
Streptomyces heilongjiangensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from the root surface of the soybean Glycine max in Hulin in the Heilongjiang province in China .
Herpetopoma benthicola is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chilodontidae .
Procambarus brazoriensis , the Brazoria crayfish , is a species of crayfish which is endemic to Brazoria County , Texas .
Halaelurus sellus , commonly known as the Rusty Catshark in Australia , is a species of catshark in the genus Halaelurus .
Saperdoglenea gleneoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Saperdoglenea .
Koompassia malaccensis is a tropical rainforest tree species up to 60 m tall in the Fabaceae family .
Proparamenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters , shell - less , worm - like marine mollusks .
Histiostoma is a genus of mites , including the species Histiostoma polypori .
Pelargonium quercifolium is a species of geranium known by the common name oakleaf geranium or oak - geranium .
Haemulon carbonarium , the Caesar grunt , is a species of grunt native to the western Atlantic Ocean from Florida to Brazil and also in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico .
Ferganasaurus was a genus of dinosaur first formally described in 2003 by Alifanov and Averianov .
Temnothorax albipennis is a species of small ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Eudistylia polymorpha , the giant feather duster worm , is a species of marine polychaete worm belonging to the family Sabellidae .
Lupinus aridorum is a rare species of lupine known by the common name scrub lupine .
Achondrostoma occidentale , the western ruivaco , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Euphorbia peplus ( petty spurge , radium weed , cancer weed , or milkweed ) is a species of Euphorbia , native to most of Europe , northern Africa , and western Asia , where it typically grows in cultivated arable land , gardens , and other disturbed land .
Terateleotris aspro is a species of freshwater sleeper endemic to the Mekong basin in Laos .
Anatoma atlantica is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Anatomidae .
Agyneta similis is a species of sheet weaver found in Finland , Iceland , Kazakhstan and Russia .
Phazaca leucocera is a species of moth of the family Uraniidae .
Cotoneaster lacteus , the late cotoneaster or milkflower cotoneaster , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cotoneaster of the family Rosaceae , native to the Yunnan Province of China .
It contains only one species Hansreisseria gilvescens , which is found on the Canary Islands .
Eudendrium rugosum is a marine species of cnidaria , a hydroid ( Hydrozoa ) in the family Eudendriidae .
Areticulata is a genus of moths of the Nepticulidae family , it contains only one species Areticulata leucosideae , which is found in South Africa .
Nannostomus britskii , commonly known as the spotstripe pencilfish , is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins .
Pellia epiphylla ( sometimes known as overleaf pellia or common pellia ) is a species of thallose liverwort .
Thelypodium laxiflorum , the droopflower thelypody , is a plant species native to the southwestern United States .
Smilax zeylanica is a plant species in the genus Smilax .
The Turkestan red pika ( Ochotona rutila ) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae .
Gyposaurus ( meaning `` vulture lizard '' , referring to the outdated hypothesis that prosauropods were carnivores ) is a genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur from the early Jurassic of South Africa and China .
Cryptolacerta ( `` Hidden lizard '' from Greek ) is an extinct genus of lacertibaenian lizard which lived during the Eocene epoch ( Lutetian stage , about 47 million years ago ) in what is now Germany .
Passiflora arbelaezii is a species in the Passifloraceae family native to eastern Nicaragua and western Colombia .
Delminichthys is a genus of cyprinid fish which is found in the karst region of the Balkans , Eastern Europe .
Calliostoma palmeri , common name Palmer 's top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Juncus digitatus is a rare species of rush known by the common name finger rush .
Leptynia montana is a species of stick insect from Heteronemiidae family which is endemic to Spain .
Solidago ulmifolia , commonly known as elmleaf goldenrod , is a North American species of goldenrod in the sunflower family .
The Darien pocket gopher ( Orthogeomys dariensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae .
Ocyptamus is a large and diverse genus of over 300 species of hoverfly mostly found in the Neotropical region .
The sole known species , Auranticordis quadriverberis , is a heart shaped cell with four flagellae .
Cotula moseleyi , also known as Nightingale Brassbuttons , is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family .
Smeringodynerus is a Nearctic genus of potter wasps .
Cyrtopodion amictopholis is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family .
Takydromus is a genus of lizards , commonly called grass lizards or oriental racers .
Chasmanthe floribunda is a species of flowering plants in the iris family which is known by the common name African flag .
The Aderidae , ant - like leaf beetles , are a family of beetles that bear some resemblance to ants .
Hymenoxys richardsonii ( common names pingue hymenoxys and pingue rubberweed ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Kukulcania arizonica , commonly called the Arizona black hole spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Filistatidae .
Gracillariidae is an important family of insects in the order Lepidoptera and the principal family of leaf miners that includes several economic , horticultural or recently invasive pest species such as the horse - chestnut leaf miner , Cameraria ohridella .
Nominosuchus is a genus of protosuchian - grade crocodylomorph .
The blue - eyes are a family of atheriniform fish , the Pseudomugilidae , related to the rainbowfishes .
The Alabama cavefish is one of the rarest troglobitic fish species in North America .
Chondrocladia turbiformis is a recently discovered species of carnivorous sponge .
Ixonanthaceae is a pantropical flowering plant family of trees or shrubs up to 90 m tall ( Allantospermum borneense ) , consisting of about 30 species in 4 or 5 genera .
Ephippion guttifer , commonly known as the prickly puffer , is a species of pufferfish native to the coasts of the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Gibraltar to Angola .
The Troglosironidae are a family of harvestmen with thirteen described species in a single genus , Troglosiro .
Oidaematophorus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family with a cosmopolitan distribution .
Dyera is a genus of tropical trees up to 80 m in height .
Psalodon is an extinct genus of North American mammal that lived during the Upper Jurassic period .
Rhombosolea is a genus of righteye flounders .
Barbucca is a genus of loaches native to Southeast Asia .
Charmoses dumigani is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Charmoses .
Veratrum viride , known as Indian poke , Indian hellebore , false hellebore , green false hellebore or giant false - helleborine , is a species of Veratrum native to eastern and western ( but not central ) North America .
Brackenridgea is a plant genus of about 10 species in the family Ochnaceae .
The sole species is Paratrygon aiereba , the discus ray , which is native to South American rivers in the Amazon and Orinoco basins .
Nebria suensoni is a species of ground beetle from the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Xinjiang province of China .
Acrocercops affinis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family , known from California , U.S.A. The hostplant for the species is an unidentified species of Quercus .
Cryptococcus antarcticus is a species of Cryptococcus that has been isolated from soil in Antarctica , as the name suggests .
Istiblennius rivulatus is a species of combtooth blenny found on coral reefs in the western Indian ocean .
Azorella caespitosa is a species of Azorella flowering plant , found in the Falkland Islands .
Pomatias raricosta is a species of land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae .
Solmsia is a genus , containing two species , of flowering plants belonging to the family Thymelaeaceae . It was named to honor Hermann zu Solms - Laubach by Henri Ernest Baillon .
Calantica darwini is a species of barnacle .
The Cordulegastridae are a family of Odonata ( dragonflies ) from the suborder Anisoptera .
Allium monticola is an uncommon species of wild onion known by the common name San Bernardino Mountains onion .
Phyllocnistis finitima is a moth of the Gracillariidae family , known from Arizona , U.S.A. The hostplant for the species is Senecio cruentus .
Charaxes dowsetti is a member of the Charaxes jasius species group .
Citrus reshni also known as Cleopatra mandarin is a citrus tree that is commonly used in agriculture as a rootstock of different cultivated species of citrus , mostly orange , grapefruit , tangerine and lemon .
Lytrosis unitaria , the common lytrosis moth , is a species of moth of the Geometridae family .
Acanthus ebracteatus is a species of shrubby herb that grows in the undergrowth of mangroves of south - east Asia .
Morelia tracyae , more commonly known as the Halmahera python , is a species of python found only on the Indonesian island of Halmahera .
Horkelia marinensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Point Reyes horkelia .
Scrophularia desertorum is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name desert figwort .
Kinoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod from the Silurian of North America .
Potentilla longifolia is a plant species in the genus Potentilla found in Russia and Mongolia .
Nematobrycon is a genus of characins endemic to the Atrato and San Juan River basins in western Colombia .
Starksia brasiliensis is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil .
Discodeles opisthodon ( common name : Faro webbed frog or Faro Island webbed frog ) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family .
The Arabian serin or olive - rumped serin ( Crithagra rothschildi ) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family .
Atlanta selvagensis is a species of sea snail , a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae .
Hapalogastridae is a family of decapod crustaceans , containing the following species :
Carabus hispanus is a species of beetle in family Carabidae native to southwestern France , with the Massif Central as the northern boundary of its distribution range .
Carabus exiguus fanianus is a bronze - coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Shaanxi , China .
Lobophylliidae is a family of large polyp stony corals .
Crepis atribarba is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names slender hawksbeard and dark hawksbeard .
Ruppia cirrhosa is a species of aquatic plant known by the common names spiral ditchgrass and spiral tasselweed .
Acentrogobius cyanomos , or the Threadfin blue goby is a amphidromous benthopelagic species of goby found in brackish and salt water in Bangladesh , India , Indonesia , Malaysia , and Thailand .
Octomeria linearifolia is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil ( Pernambuco to Paraná ) .
Laguncula is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Viviparidae .
Fagus grandifolia ( American beech or North American beech ) is the species of beech tree native to the eastern United States and Canada .
Rosa prattii is a wild rose species native to China , with pink flowers .
Rostratula is a genus of painted - snipes .
Neocurtimorda mordelloides is a species of beetle in the Neocurtimorda genus which is part of the Mordellidae family .
Stomatepia is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Barombi Mbo in western Cameroon .
Lethrinops marginatus , also known as the Lethrinops ' rounded head ' in the aquarium fish trade , is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is widespread and occurs in shallow waters over sandy substrates .
Calamagrostis ophitidis , serpentine reedgrass , is a species of bunch grass in the Poaceae family .
Abdera hoffeinsorum is an extinct species of false darkling beetle in the genus Abdera .
Nemadus colonoides is a species of beetle in the Leiodidae family that can be found in such European countries as Belarus , Belgium , Bulgaria , Croatia , Czech Republic , France , Germany , Italy , Latvia , Poland , Romania , Slovakia , Slovenia , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands .
Nevromus austroindicus is a species of dobsonfly found in the Western Ghats of India .
Atta colombica is one of 41 species of leafcutter ant .
The Bearded Catasetum ( Catasetum barbatum ) is a species of orchid .
Caledoniscincus atropunctatus is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae endemic to New Caledonia .
Maningrida arnhemensis is a species of small , air - breathing land snail with an operculum , a pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the superfamily Amphiboloidea .
Cardamine pensylvanica is a species of Cardamine known by the common name Pennsylvania bittercress .
Chorisoneura texensis , the Small Texas Cockroach , is a small species of cockroach ( family Blattellidae ) native to the Southeastern United States .
Deconica montana , commonly known as the mountain moss Psilocybe , is a common species of mushroom that is usually found growing in mossy areas , often in montane regions around the world .
Pandanus tonkinensis is a plant species endemic to Vietnam .
Chloe Cracker ( Hamadryas chloe ) is a species of cracker butterfly in the family Nymphalidae .
Campanula sharsmithiae is a rare species of bellflower known by the common names Mt.
Paralubbockia longipedia is a species of copepod , and the only member of the family Paralubbockiidae .
Arnoglossum sulcatum ( Georgia Indian plantain ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Entoloma alboumbonatum is a species of fungus in the agaric genus Entoloma .
The Synlestidae are a family of damselflies commonly known as sylphs or malachites .
Koeleria is a common and widespread genus of plants in the grass family , found on all continents except Antarctica and on various oceanic islands .
Tanna japonensis , also called the evening cicada or higurashi ( Japanese : 蜩 , 茅蜩 , ひぐらし ) , is a species of cicada , a family of insects , and a member of the genus Tanna .
Psilopterus ( Greek for `` bare wing '' ) is an extinct genus of phorusrhacid ( `` terror bird '' ) from the Middle Oligocene to Late Miocene of Argentina .
Alburnus timarensis also known as the Karasu Sha Kuli , is a species of Cyprinidae fish endemic to Turkey .
The round - eared elephant shrew ( Macroscelides proboscideus ) or round - eared sengi ( called the Karoo round - eared elephant shrew to distinguish it from its sister species ; formerly misleadingly named the `` short - eared elephant shrew '' ) , is a species of elephant shrew ( sengi ) in the family Macroscelididae .
Doraops zuloagai is the only species in the genus Doraops of the catfish ( order Siluriformes ) family Doradidae .
Himatanthus bracteatus is a species of the genus Himatanthus ( Apocynaceae ) , native Venezuela , Colombia , the Guianas , Brazil , Peru , and Ecuador .
Laplatasaurus ( meaning `` La Plata lizard '' ) is a genus of titanosauran sauropod dinosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous in South America .
Grewia asiatica ( Phalsa or Falsa ) ( Urdu : فالسہ , Hindi : फ़ालसा ) is a species of Grewia native to southern Asia from Pakistan , India east to Cambodia , and widely cultivated in other tropical countries .
Castilleja angustifolia ( synonym Castilleja chromosa ) is a species of wildflower known by the common names northwestern Indian paintbrush and desert Indian paintbrush .
Salvia koyamae ( Shinano - akigiri ) is a perennial rarely found in the wild and native to the Japanese island of Honshu , where it has a close affinity to two other salvia species :
Henneguya zschokkei is species of a myxosporean parasite of certain species of salmons of genus Oncorhynchus .
Tachymenis is a genus of venomous snakes belonging to the family Colubridae .
Cornucopiae is a genus of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern plants in the grass family .
Carex disticha is a Eurasian species of sedge known as the brown sedge or , in North America , tworank sedge .
Pseudoricopis excavatipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudoricopis .
Cellana testudinaria is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nacellidae .
Glossiphoniidae are the family called freshwater jawless leeches or glossiphoniids .
Danuria angusticollis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Danuria .
Loricatosaurus ( meaning `` armored lizard '' ) is a genus of stegosaurid dinosaur from Callovian - age ( Middle Jurassic ) rocks of England and France .
Lycopodium obscurum , commonly called rare clubmoss , ground pine , prince 's pine or princess pine , is North American a species of clubmoss in the family Lycopodiaceae .
Pseudoniscus is an extinct genus of xiphosuran .
Schizothorax richardsonii or common snowtrout is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Schizothorax .
Ypsolophidae is a family of moths with some 160 species .
Borassus madagascariensis is a species in the palm family Arecales endemic to Madagascar .
Cyclostrema tortuganum , common name the Tortugas cyclostreme , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae .
Giraffoidea is a superfamily that includes the families of Climacoceratidae , Antilocapridae , and Giraffidae .
Blennophis anguillaris , the Snaky klipfish , is a species of clinid found in the subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean around South Africa .
Gogangra viridescens is a species of sisorid catfish found in Bangladesh , Bhutan , India , Nepal and Pakistan .
Heterorhabditis bacteriophora also known as beneficial nematodes is a species of nematode worm that is used in gardening .
Streptomyces achromogenes is a species of gram - positive bacterium that belongs in the genus Streptomyces .
Polygonum achoreum , common names Blake 's knotweed , leathery knotweed or striate knotweed , is a North American species of plants in the buckwheat family .
Melipona scutellaris is a eusocial stingless bee species of the order Hymenoptera and the genus Melipona .
The Black Blood - red Dendrobium ( Dendrobium atroviolaceum ) is a species of orchid , endemic to eastern Papua New Guinea .
Luciobarbus kottelati is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Luciobarbus from the Büyük Menderes River basin in Turkey .
Entamoeba is a genus of Amoebozoa found as internal parasites or commensals of animals .
Acleris caledoniana , the Caledonian Button , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Tegolophus is a genus of acari , including the following species :
Meiolania ( `` small roamer '' ) is an extinct genus of basal turtle from the Oligocene to Holocene , with the last relict populations at New Caledonia which survived until 2,000 years ago .
Dactylagnus peratikos is a species of sand stargazer found along the Atlantic coast of Costa Rica and Panama .
Floridiscrobs dysbatus is a species of very small aquatic snail , an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Lamplughsaura is a genus of saurischian dinosaur from the Sinemurian - age ( Early Jurassic ) Dharmaram Formation of India , dating from between 196 to 190 million years ago .
Papilio sakontala is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in India .
Sericomyiini is a tribe of hoverflies consisting mainly of large bumblebee or wasp mimics .
Biarmosuchus is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid that lived around 267 mya during the Middle Permian period . Biarmosuchus was discovered in the Perm region of Russia .
Oceanic dolphins are a widely distributed family of fully aquatic marine mammals .
Mitra nodulosa , common name : the nodulose mitre , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae , the miters or miter snails .
Proedromys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae from China .
Poiretia algira is a species of land snail in the family Spiraxidae .
Echinostoma revolutum is the most widely distributed species of all 20 Echinostomatidae species and it is found from Asia and Oceania to Europe and the Americas .
The daggertooth ( Anotopterus pharao , meaning `` without fins on its back , of the Pharaoh '' ) is a species of daggertooth .
Marsupiocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoid that lived from the Silurian to the Early Devonian in North America .
Polyxenida is an order of millipedes readily distinguished by a unique body plan consisting of a soft , non - calcified body ornamented with tufts of bristles -- traits that have inspired the common names `` bristly millipedes '' or `` pincushion millipedes '' .
Medicago constricta is an annual , non - climbing species of the genus Medicago .
Pachymerium caucasicum is a species of centipede in Geophilidae family .
Hymenoxys lemmonii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Lemmon 's rubberweed , Lemmon 's bitterweed , and alkali hymenoxys .
Palpimanoidea or palpimanoids are a group of araneomorph spiders , originally treated as a superfamily .
Macropus is a marsupial genus that belongs to the family Macropodidae .
Anoectochilus is a genus of about 50 orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) belonging to the subfamily Orchidoideae .
It contains the single species Androtium astylum .
Cryptophagidae is a family of beetles with representatives found in all ecozones .
Platysteira is a genus of bird in the Platysteiridae family .
Odostomia acutidens , common name the sharp - tooth odostome , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Hispidoberyx ambagiosus is a species of spiny - scale pricklefish found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans at depths from 560 to 1,019 m ( 1,837 to 3,343 ft ) .
Vriesea costae is a species of bromeliad in the genus Vriesea .
Analipus japonicus or `` sea fir '' is a brown alga species in the genus Analipus .
Bergenia crassifolia , the badan , Siberian tea , Mongolian tea , leather bergenia , winter - blooming bergenia , heartleaf bergenia , elephant - ears , heart - leaved bergenia or elephant 's ears , is a plant species in the genus Bergenia .
It consists of only one species Riley 's lappet moth ( Heteropacha rileyana ) , which can be found in Mississippi , Missouri , Texas and Georgia .
Vitis rupestris is a species of grape native to the United States that is known by many common names including July , sand , sugar , beach , bush , currant , ingar , rock , and mountain grape .
Tomopterna luganga is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family found in Tanzania and possibly Kenya .
Apachea barberella is a moth in the Oecophoridae family , and the only species in the genus Apachea .
The Unionidae are a family of freshwater mussels , the largest in the order Unionoida , the bivalve mollusks sometimes known as river mussels , or simply as unionids .
Gilia clokeyi is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Clokey 's gilia .
Gentiana parryi ( Parry 's gentian ) is a species of the genus Gentiana .
Acropora listeri is a species of acroporid coral found in the Gulf of Aden , the Red Sea , the northern Indian Ocean , Australia , the central Indo - Pacific , Japan , southeast Asia , the East China Sea and the central and western Pacific Ocean .
Chiloglanis polyodon is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Sierra Leone where it is only known from the headwaters of the Bagbwe River .
Monascus purpureus ( syn . M. albidus , M. anka , M. araneosus , M. major , M. rubiginosus , and M. vini ; simplified Chinese : 红曲菌 ; traditional Chinese : 紅麴菌 ; pinyin : hóng qū jùn , lit . `` red yeast '' ) is a species of mold that is purplish - red in color .
Leucostoma engeddense is a Asian species of fly in the family Tachinidae .
Chrysopilus elegans is a snipe fly species in the genus Chrysopilus found from Costa Rica to Peru .
Stephanomeria cichoriacea is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names chicoryleaf wirelettuce and silver rock - lettuce .
Pseudomyrmex leptosus is a species of ant in the genus Pseudomyrmex .
Delftia acidovorans is a Gram - negative nonspore - forming , aerobe , rod - shaped bacterium known for its ability , together with another bacterium species , Cupriavidus metallidurans , to produce gold nuggets .
Smilax biltmoreana , Biltmore 's carrionflower , is a North American plant species native to the southeastern United States .
Rhododendron fortunei ( 云锦杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to China , where it grows at altitudes of 600 - -2000 meters .
The latter was formerly considered a distinct species or variant of Phoenicoprocta capistrata .
Buddleja acuminata is a rare shrub endemic to the northern half of Madagascar and eastern Zaire , where it grows along forest edges and in clearings at elevations of 50 - -800 m. The species was first named and described by Poiret in 1810
Panicum ( panicgrass ) is a large genus of about 450 species of grasses native throughout the tropical regions of the world , with a few species extending into the northern temperate zone .
Glaucium corniculatum , the blackspot hornpoppy or red horned - poppy , is a species of the Glaucium genus in the poppy family ( Papaveraceae ) .
Penicillium fennelliae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces patulin , orsellinic acid and penicillinic acid .
The Hypocreaceae are a family within the class Sordariomycetes .
Cyathea hornei is a species of tree fern .
Eptesicus taddeii is a species of medium - sized bat belonging to the family Vespertilionidae .
Coelociontidae is a family of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Eupulmonata ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Consequently , the genus is monotypic , containing only the species Laornis edvardsianus .
Mopalia muscosa ( Gould , 1846 ) is a species of chiton , a polyplacophoran , an eight - plated marine mollusk .
Battus polydamas antiquus is an extinct subspecies of the Polydamas Swallowtail within the family Papilionidae .
Campanula latifolia , the giant bellflower , is a species of bellflower in the family Campanulaceae .
Acteon tornatilis , common name the `` lathe acteon '' , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the family Acteonidae , the barrel bubble snails .
Astragalus crotalariae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Salton milkvetch .
Cynanchum elegans , the White - flowered wax plant , is a plant species in the genus Cynanchum found in New South Wales in Australia .
Pigeons and doves constitute the bird family Columbidae that includes about 310 species .
The genus Tylosema is in the plant family Fabaceae and encompasses four accepted species of perennial legume native to southern and central Africa .
Liabum is a genus of South American flowering plants in dandelion subfamily of the sunflower family .
Scyllaeidae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs , nudibranchs , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea .
Hieracium longipilum , hairy hawkweed , is a North American plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Cochranella euknemos , sometimes known as the San Jose Cochran frog , is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family .
Cranioceras is an extinct genus of artiodactyl from the Miocene to the Pliocene in the United States .
Crataegus collina is a type of hawthorn that is closely related to C. punctata , the dotted hawthorn , and sometimes considered to be the same species .
Lutjanus is a genus of snappers found in the Atlantic , Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Stegastes nigricans , the dusky farmerfish , is a species of damselfish found around coral reefs at a depth of one to 12 meters , in tropical climates between 30 ° S and 30 ° N.
Liaoconodon is an extinct genus of early mammal from the early Cretaceous ( early Aptian stage , approximately 120 Ma ) .
Leiocephalus loxogrammus , commonly known as the San Salvador Curly - tailed Lizard , is a lizard species from the family of curly - tailed lizards ( Leiocephalidae ) .
Doumea is a genus of loach catfishes native to Africa .
Leptolepis ( `` delicate scale '' ) is an extinct genus of teleost fish that lived from the Middle Jurassic period until the Early Cretaceous .
Telfairia is a small genus of flowering plants in the squash family which are native to Africa .
Lacistema lucidum is a species of plant in the Lacistemataceae family .
The one species named by Kielan - Jaworowska and Nesov is Uzbekbaatar kizylkumensis , found in the Upper Cretaceous strata of Uzbekistan .
Hygrophorus goetzii ( Hygrophorus goetzei is an orthographical variant spelling ) is a species of fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae .
Macrometopia is a South American genus of hoverfly , restricted to the high Andes .
Papilio hectorides is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Argentina , Paraguay , Uruguay and Brazil .
Diadema setosum is a species of long - spined sea urchin belonging to the family Diadematidae .
Breuningiana pulchra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Breuningiana .
Treubiaceae is a family of liverworts in the order Treubiales .
Streptanthus breweri is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Brewer 's jewelflower .
Erronea adusta , common name the chocolate beauty or tanned / dark onyx cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Mammillaria plumosa ( feather cactus ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae , native to Northeastern Mexico .
The Tapanti moss salamander or Nototriton tapanti is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Chalcolyne metallica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Chalcolyne .
Pentaceratops ( five - horned face ) is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Period of what is now North America .
Carabus is a genus of beetle in family Carabidae .
Deinandra lobbii , called threeray tarweed , is a North American species of plants in the tarweed tribe within the ( sunflower family ) .
Bedotia is a genus of the family Bedotiidae of fishes endemic to Madagascar .
Nigma hortensis is a spider species found in Spain , France and Algeria .
Hibiscus cravenii is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family , Malvaceae , that is endemic to the Northern Territory in Australia .
It has one known species , Eremiolirion amboense , native to Angola and Namibia .
Anisomorpha is a genus of walking stick insect capable of secreting a substance from glands on the metathorax that can cause an intense burning irritation of the eyes ( and in some cases temporary blindness ) and mouth of potential predators on contact .
Bruchidius siliquastri is a species of bean weevil .
Pechuel - loeschea , common name Stinkbush or Bitterbos , is a genus of African plants in the elecampane tribe within the sunflower family , and named after the German plant collector and geographer Eduard Pechuël - Loesche ( 1840 - 1913 ) .
Avicennia marina , commonly known as grey mangrove or white mangrove , is a species of mangrove tree classified in the plant family Acanthaceae ( formerly in the Verbenaceae or Avicenniaceae ) .
Pseudaesopia japonica , the wavyband sole or Seto sole , is a species of sole native to the western Pacific Ocean , where found over sandy mud bottoms .
Monardella beneolens is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name sweet - smelling monardella .
Mexianthus is a genus of Mexican flowering plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family .
Stenothecidae is an extinct family of fossil univalved Cambrian molluscs which may be either gastropods or monoplacophorans .
Amietophrynus perreti , or the Perret 's toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Neoveitchia is a genus of palm trees .
Clathrina gardineri is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from India and Seychelles .
Kirengeshoma palmata ( yellow wax bells ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangaceae , native to Japan and eastern China ( Huangshan and Tianmushan ) .
Crupina is a small genus of plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family .
Frigidoalvania janmayeni is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae .
Artemisia arborescens ( tree wormwood ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae , native to the Mediterranean region .
Semibalanus is a genus of barnacles , comprising two species :
Porcupinefishes or balloonfishes , are any of the various species of the genus Diodon , the type genus of Diodontidae .
Ductina is a genus of extinct , small to average sized , eyeless phacopid trilobite , that lived during the Devonian .
Mitra magnifica is a species of medium - large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae , the miters or miter snails .
Amblypharyngodon is a genus of fishes in the family Cyprinidae .
Ronnbergia neoregelioides is a species in the genus Ronnbergia .
Psychidocossus infantilis is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Psychidocossus .
Leptotyphlops teaguei , or the Northern blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
The Nodosinellacea is a superfamily of fusulinds ( microganular foraminifera ) in which the test is of one or more distinct chambers with the wall single layered or with a microgranular outer layer and fibrous inner layer .
Eleutherodactylus haitianus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Cordillera Central , Dominican Republic , at elevations of 1,545 - -2,455 m ( 5,069 - -8,054 ft ) asl .
The Phascogales ( members of the eponymous genus Phascogale ) , also known as wambengers , are carnivorous Australian marsupials of the family Dasyuridae .
Cylindropuntia prolifera , known by the common name Coastal cholla , is a species of cactus .
Portunus sayi , the sargassum swimming crab , is a species of pelagic crab in the family Portunidae .
While these features are found randomly distributed in other species of aerobic bacteria , to date all of these are only found in Paracoccus denitrificans .
Tenellia adspersa , common name the miniature aeolis , is a species of very small sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tergipedidae .
Pseudaristobia octofasciculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudaristobia .
Mimacalolepta dunni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimacalolepta .
Neoneura amelia , commonly known as Amelia 's threadtail , is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae .
Thaumastopeus agni is a species of beetle described by Wallace in 1867 .
The use of the name Aculeata has a long history at the rank of infraorder or division .
Philanthus coronatus is a species of bee - hunting wasp ( or `` beewolf '' ) of Europe and the Middle East , of which there are three known subspecies :
Thesprotia infumata is a species of praying mantis found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , and Paraguay .
Acer pseudosieboldianum , the Korean maple or purplebloom maple , is a species of maple .
Apodemus is the genus of Muridae ( true mice and rats ) which contains the Eurasian field mice .
Petalonyx is a small genus of flowering plants native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico .
Conus cylindraceus , common name the cylindrical cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Bombus cerdanyensis is an extinct species of bumble bee in the family Apidae known from a fossil found in Europe .
Chimonanthus nitens is a species of the genus of wintersweets Chimonanthus and member of the family Calycanthaceae ( syn . Meratia nitens ( Oliver ) Rehder & Wilson ; C. campanulatus R.H.Chang & C.S.Ding ; C. grammatus M.C.Liu ; C. zhejangensis M.C.Liu ) .
Pterolabis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Isolabiinae .
Carabus alexandrae is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Carabinae subfamily , that is endemic to Gansu , China .
Downingia elegans is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names elegant calicoflower and Californian lobelia .
Ctenobrycon spilurus , the silver tetra , is a species of tropical freshwater fish sometime referred to as the silver dollar tetra .
Leccinum pseudoscabrum is an edible species of fungus in the genus Leccinum .
Leonurus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae .
Rhododendron keleticum ( 独龙杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to southeast Xizang and northwest Yunnan , China , as well as Myanmar , where it grows at altitudes of 3000 - -3900 meters .
Bulbophyllum pandanetorum is a rare species of epiphytic plant in the Orchidaceae family .
Choristoneura metasequoiacola is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Phasianella ventricosa , common name the swollen pheasant shell or common pheasant shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae .
Eucephalus glabratus is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Siskiyou aster .
Virola elongata ( syn . Virola theiodora ) is a species of tree in the Myristicaceae family .
Korthalsia rogersii is an endangered endemic rattan species , thought to be extinct from the insular habitat of the Andaman Islands in the Indian Ocean until 1993 .
Aristolochia ringens is a species of perennial plant in the Aristolochiaceae family .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Pyrenochium pini .
Penelopides is the genus of relatively small , primarily frugivorous hornbills found in forests of the Philippines and the Indonesian island of Sulawesi .
Elimia showalteri , common name the compact elimia , is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae .
Mycena urania , commonly known as the violet bonnet , is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family .
Pterocarpus santalinoides is a tree species in the legume family ( biology ) ( Fabaceae ) ; it is locally known as mututi .
Macrocranion is a genus of extinct mammal from the Eocene epoch of Europe and North America .
Brownea is a genus of about 30 species in the family Fabaceae , subfamily Caesalpinioideae .
Aforia circinata , common name the ridged turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae .
Liochirus cycloderus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Liochirus .
The Apaturinae are a subfamily of butterflies that includes many species commonly called `` emperors '' .
Lecidea is a genus of curstose lichens with a carbon black ring or outer margin ( exciple ) around the fruiting body disc ( apothecium ) , usually ( or always ) found growing on ( saxicolous ) or in ( endolithic ) rock .
Valsa sordida is a species of fungus within the Valsaceae family .
Molinia caerulea ( purple moor - grass ) is a species of flowering plant in the grass family Poaceae , native to Europe , west Asia , and north Africa .
Bromus catharticus is a species of brome grass known by the common names rescuegrass , grazing brome , prairie grass , and Schrader 's bromegrass .
Rhombodera extensicollis ( giant shield mantis ) is a species of praying mantis of the Genus Rhombodera .
Microhyla ornata ( commonly known as the ornate narrow - mouthed frog , ornate narrow - mouthed toad , or ornamented pygmy frog ) is a species of microhylid frog found in South Asia .
Ericameria parryi ( syn . Chrysothamnus parryi ) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Parry 's rabbitbrush .
Astragalus osterhoutii is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Osterhout milkvetch .
Entomophthora muscae is a species of pathogenic fungus in the order Entomophthorales which causes a fatal disease in flies .
Neoregelia hoehneana is a species of bromeliad , in the genus Neoregelia .
Acastocephala is a genus of trilobite from the middle Silurian , known from the United Kingdom .
Pittocaulon praecox is the type species for the genus Pittocaulon and family Asteraceae .
Agonum nitidum is a species of ground beetle in the genus Agonum .
The tabulate corals , forming the order Tabulata , are an extinct form of coral .
Parapriacanthus is a genus of sweepers native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Tipula nubeculosa is a species of cranefly .
Ranunculus parviflorus is a species of buttercup known by the common name smallflower buttercup .
Argyrotheca is a genus of very small to minute lampshells ( maximum 5 millimetres or 0.20 inches long ) .
Pavoclinus litorafontis , the Slinky klipfish , is a species of clinid found around False Bay , South Africa , in the southeastern Atlantic ocean .
Siphonaria cookiana is a species of small air - breathing sea snail or false limpet , a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae , the false limpets .
Colostethus mertensi is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family , currently threatened by habitat loss .
Eragrostis lehmanniana is a species of grass known by the common name Lehmann lovegrass .
Ifremeria nautilei is a species of large , deepwater hydrothermal vent sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae , and the only species in the genus Ifremeria .
Trichia is a genus of slime molds in the family Trichiaceae .
Lepanthes pantomima is a species of orchid that occurs from Mexico ( Chiapas ) to Central America .
Jasminum angulare ( Wild Jasmine ) is a species of jasmine , in the family Oleaceae that is indigenous to South Africa .
Tanganyicia rufofilosa is a species of tropical freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae .
The Websdaneaceae are a family of smut fungi in the class Ustilaginomycetes .
Rodolia cardinalis ( common names vedalia beetle or cardinal ladybird ) is a species of ladybird beetle that is sometimes described as endemic to Australia .
Peachella is an extinct genus of trilobites , fossil marine arthropods , with species of average size ( about 3.5 centimetres or 1.4 inches long ) .
Asiadodis squilla is a species of praying mantis in the genus Asiadodis in the order Mantodea .
Ivesia pickeringii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names silky mousetail and Pickering 's ivesia .
Metrosideros elegans is a species of plant endemic to New Caledonia in the family Myrtaceae .
Cyathea klossii is a species of tree fern native to western New Guinea , where it grows in rain forest from the lowlands up to an elevation of about 750 m. The trunk of this plant is erect , 1 - -2 m tall , and only 1 - -2 cm in diameter .
The Hispaniolan masked curly - tailed lizard ( Leiocephalus personatus ) is a lizard species from the family of curly - tailed lizards ( Leiocephalidae ) .
Dusisiren is an extinct genus of dugong related to the Steller 's Sea Cow that lived in the North Pacific during the Neogene .
Caenidae , or the Small Squaregill Mayflies , is a family of insects consisting of 4 genera comprising 26 individual species .
Triopha catalinae , commonly known as the sea clown triopha , is a species of colorful sea slug , a nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae .
Laemostenus is a genus of ground beetles present on all continents on Earth , except Antarctica .
Pseudohaje goldii , commonly known as Goldie 's tree cobra or Gold 's tree cobra ( in error ) , is a species of venomous tree cobra ( Pseudohaje means `` false cobra '' ) endemic to Central and Western Africa .
Oligographa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing one species Oligographa juniperi , which is known from South Africa and Mozambique .
Piceoerpeton is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian , containing species known from the latest Cretaceous ( late Maastrichtian ) , Paleocene and Eocene of North America .
The smooth hawksbeard , Crepis capillaris , is a species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family , native to Europe .
Grandisonia larvata is a species of caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae , endemic to the Seychelles islands of Mahé , Praslin , La Digue , and Silhouette .
Oradectes ( meaning `` margin biter '' , from Latin ora ( margin ) and dectes ( biter ) ) is an extinct genus of diadectid reptiliomorph .
Hosta cathayana is a species of shade - tolerant foliage plants in the genus Hosta .
Banksia ser . Dryandroideae is a taxonomic series in the plant genus Banksia .
Carrolla craddocki is an extinct species of Carrolla , an extinct genus , of the prehistoric amphibian lepospondyl microsaur that lived in the Lower Permian in North America .
Cyathea corcovadensis is a species of tree fern native to Paraguay and Serra do Mar in southern Brazil , where it grows in primary and secondary forest , as well as scrub , at an altitude of 250 - 2100 m. The erect trunk is short , usually about 30 - -60 cm tall .
Tribolonotus gracilis is a species of skink endemic to New Guinea .
Bothriocidaris ( meaning best furrow or best trench ) is an extinct genus of echinoid from the Ordovician .
Cosmopepla conspicillaris is a species of insect in the Pentatomidae family .
Euterpe edulis , commonly known as juçara , jucara ( misspell of the former name , of Luso - Tupian origin ) , jussara ( an archaic alternative spelling ) , açaí - do - sul or palmiteiro , is a palm species in the genus Euterpe .
The Two - colored Cymbidium ( Cymbidium bicolor , Chinese : 硬葉蘭 or 硬叶兰 ) is a species of orchid found in South China to Tropical Asia .
Dendropoma squamiferum is a species of irregularly - coiled sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Vermetidae , the worm snails .
Black - and - white colobuses ( or colobi ) are Old World monkeys of the genus Colobus , native to Africa .
Myxine mcmillanae , the Caribbean hagfish , is a species of hagfish .
Lipoptena cervi , the deer ked or deer fly , is a species of biting fly in the family of louse flies , Hippoboscidae .
Acanthobrama centisquama ( the long - spine bream ) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Oeceoclades humbertii is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to southeastern Madagascar , where it grows in xerophilous bush at altitudes from 500 to 600 m ( 1,600 to 2,000 ft ) .
Abelia chinensis is a species of Abelia described by Robert Brown .
The Mojave fringe - toed lizard ( Uma scoparia ) , is a species of medium - sized , white or grayish , black - spotted diurnal lizard in the family Phrynosomatidae .
There is only one known species Amblyopappus pusillus , known by the common name dwarf coastweed .
Portulaca suffrutescens , the shrubby purslane , is a plant species native to the southwestern United States and northern and central Mexico .
Scissurella cyprina , common name the Venus slit shell , is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Scissurellidae , the little slit snails .
Elmerimys is an extinct genus of rodent known from Miocene fossils found in Africa .
Hylarana glandulosa , commonly known as the rough - sided frog or the glandular frog , is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
The Arabian ostrich or Syrian ostrich ( Struthio camelus syriacus ) is an extinct subspecies of the ostrich which lived on the Arabian Peninsula and in the Near East until the mid-20th century .
Striatura is a genus of minute air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Gastrodontidae .
Samolus ebracteatus , the limewater brookweed , is a plant species known to Mexico , Central America , the West Indies , and to the United Stares ( Florida , Nevada , Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Kansas and New Mexico ) .
Dinochelys ( from Greek deinos -terrible- and chelys -turtle ) is an extinct genus of paracryptodiran turtle from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation .
Phymatioderus bizonatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Phymatioderus .
Leptophis is a genus of colubrid snakes , commonly known as parrot snakes , which are endemic to the Americas .
Scepomycter is a genus of threatened birds in the Cisticolidae family .
Pangio signicauda is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Pangio .
Palausybra vestigialis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Palausybra .
Romankenkius patagonicus is a species of freshwater triclad that inhabits South America .
White - striped Viper Gecko ( Teratolepis albofasciatus ) is a species of gecko found in India .
Myiobius is a genus of bird , classified in the family Tityridae according to IOC version 2.11 .
Icadyptes salasi is an extinct giant penguin species from the late Eocene period , in the tropics of South America .
Anahamulina is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Lower Cretaceous .
Guarea venenata is a species of plant in the family Meliaceae , the mahogany family .
The Dark - shouldered Cornuted Shadowdamsel , ( Drepanosticta tropica ) is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae .
Celaenorrhinus flavocincta is a species of skipper butterfly found in Asia , including Bhutan .
Gymnophthalmidae is a family of lizards , sometimes known as spectacled lizards or microteiids .
Aivukus is an extinct genus of walrus from the Miocene .
Primobucco is an extinct genus of bird placed in its own family , Primobucconidae .
Germonea cacherinae is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinulidae .
Odontoponera is a small Southeast Asia genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Anatalavis is genus of prehistoric birds related to ducks and geese , perhaps in particular the magpie - goose .
Acacia mangium is a species of flowering tree in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is native to northeastern Queensland in Australia , the Western Province of Papua New Guinea , Papua , and the eastern Maluku Islands .
Houstonia humifusa ( matted bluet ) is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
Nessia layardi , commonly known as Layard 's snake skink or Layard 's nessia , is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka .
Argopecten nucleus , or the nucleus scallop , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae .
Bulbine francescae is a species of plant in the genus Bulbine .
Salvia humboldtiana is a species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family that is endemic to Ecuador .
The Bedotiidae are a family of fish known as the Madagascar rainbowfish , Madagascan rainbowfish , or Malagasy rainbowfish due to their endemism to Madagascar .
Lachenalia contaminata ( wild hyacinth ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae , native to the Western Cape of South Africa .
Moythomasia is an extinct genus of early ray - finned fish from the Devonian period of Europe and Australia .
Phoradendron villosum is a species of flowering plant in the sandalwood family known by the common names Pacific mistletoe and oak mistletoe .
Draba longisiliqua ( long - podded whitlow grass ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae , native to the Caucasus .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Arecacicola calami .
Melanoleuca melaleuca is a species of mushroom in the Tricholomataceae family , and it is the type species of its genus Melanoleuca .
Poecilostachys is a genus of African plants in the grass family , several of the species found only in Madagascar .
Crossata ventricosa , common name the swollen frog shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae , the frog shells .
Scapanorhynchus ( `` Spade Snout '' ) is an extinct genus of shark from the Cretaceous period .
Aethalochroa affinis , common name Pakistani stick mantis , is a species of praying mantis native to Pakistan .
Ascothoracida was previously ranked as an order within the infraclass Cirripedia ( barnacles ) , but now considered a separate infraclass .
Cherokeea attakullakulla is a moth in the Noctuidae family and only species in the genus Cherokeea .
Pentacrinites is an extinct genus of crinoid that lived from the Middle Triassic to the Eocene of Asia , Europe , North America , and New Zealand .
Avitoluvarus ( `` Ancient Louvar '' ) is a genus of extinct louvar that lived in the Tethys Ocean during the early Paleogene .
Wiseana copularis is a species of moth belonging to the family Hepialidae .
Meuschenia is a genus of filefishes native to the coastal waters around Australia .
Calochortus plummerae is a species of mariposa lily known by the common name Plummer 's mariposa lily .
Pikaia gracilens is an extinct genus of chordate animal known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia .
Haptodus is an extinct genus of basal sphenacodont , a clade that includes therapsids and hence , mammals .
Helianthus exilis is a species of sunflower known by the common name serpentine sunflower .
Convolvulaceae , known commonly as the bindweed or morning glory family , is a family of about 60 genera and more than 1,650 species of mostly herbaceous vines , but also trees , shrubs and herbs .
Darkling beetle is the common name of the large family of beetles , Tenebrionidae .
The Tellinoidea are a taxonomic superfamily of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs .
Nicetiodes apianella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Nicetiodes .
Ostrinia furnacalis is a species of moth in the family Crambidae , the grass moths .
Herbulotiana is a genus of moths of the Xyloryctidae family from Madagascar .
Neoepimorius lineola is a species of snout moth in the genus Neoepimorius .
The oreos are a family , the Oreosomatidae , of marine fish .
Nebria assidua is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Nepal .
Anekes inflata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk , unranked in the superfamily Seguenzioidea .
Conus fulmen , common name the thunderbolt cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Caridina serratirostris is a species of freshwater shrimp that lives in the Indo - west Pacific region , from Madagascar to Fiji , including northern Queensland .
Eobelinae are an extinct beetle subfamily that throve in the late Mesozoic .
The Malindi pipit ( Anthus melindae ) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family .
Notiophanes is a genus of moths in the Arrhenophanidae family , consisting of only one species Notiophanes fuscata , which is endemic to Queensland , Australia .
Ashorocetus is a monotypic genus of an extinct primitive baleen whale of the family Aetiocetidae .
Ficus verruculosa , the water fig , is a species of fig from sub - saharan Africa .
The Amazon weasel ( Mustela africana ) , also known as the tropical weasel , is a species of weasel that lives in the Amazon Rainforest in South America .
It contains a single species , Unescoceratops koppelhusae .
Cavisternum is a genus of Goblin spider .
Snowdenia is a genus of African and Arabian plants in the grass family .
Walkomiella is an extinct conifer - like gymnosperm genus which occurred in India and Africa in the Lower Permian , and in Australia in the Upper Permian .
Amphiesma pealii , commonly known as the Assam keelback , is a species of natricine snake endemic to India .
Fuligo septica is a species of plasmodial slime mold , and a member of the Myxomycetes class .
Galeichthys peruvianus is a species of sea catfish that is found in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Peru .
Fungi of the genus Hypholoma are quite well known due to the commonness of sulphur tuft ( Hypholoma fasciculare ) on stumps in temperate woodlands .
Cotoneaster acuminatus ( commonly known as acuminate cotoneaster ) is a species of flowering plant in the Rosaceae family that is native to the Himalayas .
Cerastium arvense is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names field mouse - ear and field chickweed .
Sebastes inermis ( Japanese red rockfish , Japanese red sea perch ) is a species of rockfish native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where it occurs off the coasts of Japan and the Korean Peninsula .
Confuciusornithidae is a family of primitive birds from the early Cretaceous Period of China .
Scorpaena cocosensis is a species of fish .
Tithoniidae is an extinct family of sea urchins .
Pleurosternidae is an extinct family of Testudines turtles .
Celastrus orbiculatus was introduced into North America in 1879 , and is considered to be an invasive species in eastern North America .
Chaetadelpha is a genus of plants in the dandelion family containing the single species Chaetadelpha wheeleri , or Wheeler 's skeletonweed .
Conus axelrodi , common name Axelrod 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Salmo abanticus , the Abant trout is a species of salmonid fish native to Lake Abant in northern Anatolia .
Tuberaria lignosa is a species of perennial rock - rose native to the western Mediterranean region .
Trematolestes is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Lower Keuper ( Ladinian , Middle Triassic ) of southern Germany .
Lepidotrichidae is a family of basal insects belonging to the order Thysanura .
Ornithocephalus gladiatus is a species of orchid found from Grenada , Trinidad , the Guianas , Venezuela , Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia and Brazil .
Sarotherodon is a genus of tilapiine cichlids endemic to Africa and the Middle East .
Haematera pyrame is a South American species of butterflies belonging to the family Nymphalidae .
Anagotus is a weevil genus in the tribe Aterpini .
Thorius smithi ( common name : Smith 's salamander ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Phalaris arundinacea , sometimes known as reed canary grass , is a tall , perennial bunchgrass that commonly forms extensive single - species stands along the margins of lakes and streams and in wet open areas , with a wide distribution in Europe , Asia , northern Africa and North America .
Lomasuchus is an extinct genus of peirosaurid notosuchian known from the Late Cretaceous ( Santonian stage ) of Neuquén Province , western central Argentina .
The genus contains a single described species , Nanotermes isaacae placed tentatively in the subfamily Termitinae .
Pluchea is a genus of flowering plants in the stinkwort tribe within the sunflower family .
Caesia is a genus of herbs in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , native to Australia , New Guinea , Madagascar and Southern Africa .
Arctostaphylos ( /ˌɑːrktoʊˈstæfᵻləs , -lɒs/ ; arkto bear + staphyle grape ) is a genus of plants comprising the manzanitas ( /ˌmænzəˈniːtəz/ ) and bearberries .
Lijndenia barteri ( synonyms : Spathandra barteri , Memecylon dinklagei , Memecylon pynaertii , and basionym Memecylon barteri ) is a species of shrub in the Melastomataceae family .
Royle 's pika ( Ochotona roylei ) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae .
Clover or trefoil are common names for plants of the genus Trifolium ( Latin , tres `` three '' + folium `` leaf '' ) , consisting of about 300 species of plants in the leguminous pea family Fabaceae .
Doumea chappuisi is a species of loach catfish found in the coastal rivers of Guinea , Ivory Coast , Liberia and Guinea - Bissau .
Diplopoma is a genus of operculate land snails , terrestrial gastropod mollusks gastropod in the family Pomatiidae .
Nambashag is an extinct genus of early cormorant from Late Oligocene and Early Miocene ( about 26 - -24 mya ) deposits of South Australia .
Donaciella is a genus of leaf beetles from the subfamily of Donaciinae .
Lobelia inflata ( Indian tobacco , puke weed ) is a species of Lobelia native to eastern North America , from southeastern Canada ( Nova Scotia to southeast Ontario ) south through the eastern United States to Alabama and west to Kansas .
Diandrya is a genus of cestode parasites that are known from marmots ( Marmota spp . )
Platystele is a genus of orchids , comprising about 95 species .
Streptomyces diastaticus is an alkaliphilic and thermophilic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces .
Larix kaempferi , known as Japanese larch or karamatsu ( 唐松 ) in Japanese ) is a species of larch native to Japan , in the mountains of Chūbu and Kantō regions in central Honshū .
It contains only one species , Duthiastrum linifolium , endemic to South Africa ( Cape Provinces , Free State , Northern Provinces ) .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Thindia cupressi , found in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Ptychohyla salvadorensis ( common name : Salvador stream frog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in El Salvador , Guatemala , and Honduras .
Lethogoleos andersoni , or the Forgetful Snake - eel , is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae .
Aloe albiflora is a species of aloe indigenous to Madagascar with narrow , muricate leaves and widely campanulate , snow - white flowers that are 10 mm long and 14 mm across the mouth .
Nannoglanis fasciatus is a species of three - barbeled catfish endemic to Ecuador where it is found in the Napo River basin .
Atlantic thread herring has a slightly milder taste than most species of herring , it can be served raw , pickled , grilled or cooked .
Lophiodon is an extinct genus of mammal related to tapirs .
Afrotropical ecozone Charaxes cacuthis is a member of the species group Charaxes etesipe The clade members are Charaxes etesipe Nominate Charaxes penricei Charaxes achaemenes Charaxes paradoxa Charaxes cacuthis
The Ceylon paradise flycatcher ( Terpsiphone paradisi ceylonensis ) , also known as the Sri Lanka paradise flycatcher is a subspecies of the Indian paradise flycatcher .
Cicindela allardi is a species of Carabidae , or ground beetle , in the genus Cicindela .
It includes only one known species , Sinopodophyllum hexandrum , native to Afghanistan , Bhutan , northern India , Kashmir , Nepal , Pakistan , and western China ( Gansu , Qinghai , Shaanxi , Sichuan , Tibet , Yunnan ) .
Catacamas virus is a single - stranded , enveloped novel RNA virus species in the hantavirus genus of the Bunyaviridae family isolated in Oryzomys couesi near the town of Catacamas in eastern Honduras .
Aeneator comptus is a species of large sea snail , a whelk , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Murchisonellidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Murchisonelloidea .
Omphalodes cappadocica ( Cappadocian navelwort ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae , native to woodland habitats in Turkey .
Isotomidae is a family of springtails , comprising the following genera :
Qantassaurus ( /ˌkwɑːntəˈsɔrəs/ KWAHN - tə - SOR - əs ) is a genus of two - legged , plant - eating ornithischian dinosaur that lived in Australia about 115 million years ago , when the continent was still partly south of the Antarctic Circle .
Limnanthes montana is a species of meadowfoam known by the common name mountain meadowfoam .
Neoepaphra pulchella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neoepaphra .
Recilia formosielus is a species of bugs from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Taiwan .
Origanum libanoticum ( Lebanese oregano , hopflower oregano , cascading hopflower oregano , ornamental oregano or cascading oregano ) is a species of herbaceous flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , native to the mountains of Lebanon and Syria .
Capsicum pubescens is a species of the genus Capsicum ( pepper ) , known as rukutu , ruqutu ( Quechua , hispanicized rocoto ) and luqutu ( Aymara , hispanicized locoto ) and in Mexico known as the `` Manzano '' pepper which means `` apple '' for its apple - shaped fruit .
Polyalthia nitidissima is a species of tree in the Annonaceae family .
Phasmatocoris spectrum is a thread - legged bug species from the genus Phasmatocoris .
Murex aduncospinosus , also known as the Short - spined murex , is a species of large predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
Homocerynea is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family .
Yunganastes is a small genus of craugastorid frogs distributed in southern Peru and Bolivia .
Rhizocarpon geographicum ( the map lichen ) is a species of lichen , which grows on rocks in mountainous areas of low air pollution .
Schistonema is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1906 .
Eucalyptus tereticornis is a species of tree native to eastern Australia .
Peracle charlotteae is an extinct species of fossil pelagic sea snail , or `` sea butterfly '' , a planktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Peraclidae .
Phacelia campanularia is a species of flowering plant in the borage family , Boraginaceae , known by the common names desertbells , desert bluebells , California - bluebell , desert scorpionweed , and desert Canturbury bells .
Kelps are large seaweeds ( algae ) belonging to the brown algae ( Phaeophyceae ) in the order Laminariales .
Notiophilus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic , the Nearctic , the Near East and North Africa .
Iberoformica is a small genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae .
Tulipa clusiana , the lady tulip , is an Asian species of tulip native to Afghanistan , Iran , Iraq , Pakistan and the western Himalayas .
Allium tulipifolium is an Asian species of wild onion native to Xinjiang , Kazakhstan and Altay Krai .
Galloperdix is a genus of three species of birds in the pheasant family , Phasianidae .
Banksia speciosa , commonly known as the showy banksia , is a species of large shrub or small tree in the family Proteaceae .
Rhynchonella is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Silurian to Eocene strata worldwide .
Xerolenta obvia is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Polydrusus is a genus of weevils containing dozens of species , some of which are commonly found in Europe and northeastern North America .
Tomocerus is a genus of springtails described by Nicolet in 1841 .
The Heterenchelyidae or mud eels are a small family of eels native to the Atlantic , Mediterranean , and eastern Pacific .
Berosus trilobus is a species of hydrophilid beetle from the Dominican Republic and Cuba .
