author	Overcoming Life's Disappointments (ISBN 1-4000-3336-5) is a 2006 book by Harold Kushner, a Conservative rabbi.	Overcoming Life's Disappointments	Harold Kushner
author	Ally's World is a series of books written for young adults by Karen McCombie.	Ally's World	Karen McCombie
author	Napoléon le Petit (literally, ``Napoleon the Little'') was an influential political pamphlet by Victor Hugo which condemned the reign of Napoleon III, Emperor of the French.	Napoléon le Petit	Victor Hugo
author	The Godly Man's Picture is a work of systematic theology by Thomas Watson, a 17th century English Puritan preacher.	The Godly Man's Picture	Thomas Watson
author	``Wedding Preparations in the Country'' (German: ``Hochzeitsvorbereitungen auf dem Lande'') is an incomplete work by Franz Kafka which depicts in great detail the journey of the groom, Raban, travelling to the country to meet his future wife, Betty.	Wedding Preparations in the Country	Franz Kafka
author	Sanditon (1817) is an unfinished novel by the English writer Jane Austen.	Sanditon	Jane Austen
author	The Call of the Toad, published in Germany in 1992 as Unkenrufe, is a novel by Danzig-born German author Günter Grass.	The Call of the Toad	Günter Grass
author	Richard Bolitho, Midshipman is a novel in the Bolitho series, nautical fiction set in the Royal Navy of the late 18th century by Douglas Reeman writing under the pseudonym Alexander Kent.	Richard Bolitho, Midshipman	Douglas Reeman
author	Life Is Elsewhere (Czech: Život je jinde) is a Czech-language novel by Milan Kundera published in 1969.	Life Is Elsewhere	Milan Kundera
author	Red Seas Under Red Skies is the second novel (of a projected seven) in Scott Lynch's Gentleman Bastard series.	Red Seas Under Red Skies	Scott Lynch
author	The Timeless Way of Building is a 1979 book by Christopher Alexander that proposes a new theory of architecture (and design in general) that relies on the understanding and configuration of design patterns.	The Timeless Way of Building	Christopher Alexander
author	Sophie's World (Norwegian: Sofies verden) is a 1991 novel by Norwegian writer Jostein Gaarder.	Sophie's World	Jostein Gaarder
author	Der König verneigt sich und tötet (The King Bows and Kills) is an essay book in German by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller.	Der König verneigt sich und tötet	Herta Müller
author	Night Frost is a novel by R. D. Wingfield in the popular series featuring Detective Inspector Jack Frost, coarse, crude, slapdash -- and holder of the George Cross.	Night Frost	R. D. Wingfield
author	The Flying Girl is a novel written by L. Frank Baum, author of the Oz books.	The Flying Girl	L. Frank Baum
author	Iron Men and Silver Stars is a collection of western short stories edited by Donald Hamilton.	Iron Men and Silver Stars	Donald Hamilton
author	``The Tactful Saboteur'' is a novelette by the science fiction author Frank Herbert which first appeared in Galaxy Science Fiction magazine in October 1964.	The Tactful Saboteur	Frank Herbert
author	Face Forward is a cosmetics book written by Kevyn Aucoin.	Face Forward	Kevyn Aucoin
author	The New Machiavelli is a 1911 novel by H. G. Wells that was serialized in The English Review in 1910.	The New Machiavelli	H. G. Wells
author	Sky Burial is a 2004 novel by Xue Xinran, her second.	Sky Burial	Xue Xinran
author	Flaws in the Glass is Australian writer Patrick White's autobiography, published in 1981.	Flaws in the Glass	Patrick White
author	The Howling is a 1977 horror novel by Gary Brandner.	The Howling	Gary Brandner
author	The Forsyte Saga, first published under that name in 1922, is a series of three novels and two interludes published between 1906 and 1921 by Nobel Prize-winning English author John Galsworthy.	The Forsyte Saga	John Galsworthy
author	Dragon's Rock is a novel for young adults by British author Tim Bowler, first published in 1995.	Dragon's Rock	Tim Bowler
author	The Great Abraham Lincoln Pocket Watch Conspiracy is a historical fiction novel written by Jacopo della Quercia.	The Great Abraham Lincoln Pocket Watch Conspiracy	Jacopo della Quercia
author	False Impression is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer, first published in February 2005 by Macmillan (ISBN 1405032553).	False Impression	Jeffrey Archer
author	Drum-Taps is a collection of poetry by American poet Walt Whitman.	Drum-Taps	Walt Whitman
author	The Beastly Beatitudes of Balthazar B is a 1968 novel by Irish American writer J. P. Donleavy.	The Beastly Beatitudes of Balthazar B	J. P. Donleavy
author	A Monster at Christmas is a fantasy horror poem by Thomas Canty.	A Monster at Christmas	Thomas Canty
author	Aeterni Patris ((Of the) Eternal Father) was an encyclical issued by Pope Leo XIII in August 1879.	Aeterni Patris	Leo XIII
author	Wounds of Armenia (Armenian: Վերք Հայաստանի Verk Hayastani) is an 1841 historical novel by Khachatur Abovian.	Wounds of Armenia	Khachatur Abovian
author	Knot Gneiss is the 34th book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony	Knot Gneiss	Piers Anthony
author	The Plantation was the first novel by Chris Kuzneski.	The Plantation	Chris Kuzneski
author	``The Horla'' (French: Le Horla) is an 1887 short horror story written in the style of a journal by French writer Guy de Maupassant, after an initial, much shorter version published in the newspaper Gil Blas, October 26, 1886.	The Horla	Guy de Maupassant
author	One from the GHL (Hebrew: אחד מן הגח``ל ) is a Hebrew poem, later composed as a song, written by Nathan Alterman during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war.	One from the GHL	Nathan Alterman
author	``The Heart of the Serpent'' (Originally in Latin: Cor Serpentis, Russian: Сердце Змеи) is a 1958 science fiction short story by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov.	The Heart of the Serpent	Ivan Yefremov
author	Memories with Food at Gipsy House is a collection of anecdotes and recipes by Roald Dahl and his second wife, Felicity.	Memories with Food at Gipsy House	Roald Dahl
author	Act of Providence is a supernatural detective novella by Joseph Payne Brennan and Donald M. Grant.	Act of Providence	Joseph Payne Brennan	Donald M. Grant
author	Dimiter (2010) (also released under the title The Redemption in various parts of the world) is a novel by William Peter Blatty, released on March 16, 2010 through Forge Books.	Dimiter	William Peter Blatty
author	The Good Earth is a novel by Pearl S. Buck published in 1931 and awarded the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1932.	The Good Earth	Pearl S. Buck
author	Life Studies is the fourth book of poems by Robert Lowell.	Life Studies	Robert Lowell
author	Brave New World is a novel written in 1931 by Aldous Huxley and published in 1932.	Brave New World	Aldous Huxley
author	On Revolution is a 1963 book by political theorist Hannah Arendt.	On Revolution	Hannah Arendt
author	Thinking, Fast and Slow is a best-selling 2011 book by Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics winner Daniel Kahneman which summarizes research that he conducted over decades, often in collaboration with Amos Tversky.	Thinking, Fast and Slow	Daniel Kahneman
author	The Monkey and the Tiger book pairs two unrelated short gong'an detective novels written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty).	The Monkey and the Tiger	Robert van Gulik
author	Never Look Away is the eighth novel by Canadian author Linwood Barclay.	Never Look Away	Linwood Barclay
author	A Lume Spento (translated by the author as With Tapers Quenched) is a 1908 poetry collection by Ezra Pound.	A Lume Spento	Ezra Pound
author	The Day of the Bomb (in German Sadako Will Leben, meaning Sadako Wants to Live) is a non-fiction book written by the Austrian author Karl Bruckner in 1961.	The Day of the Bomb	Karl Bruckner
author	Love All is the first novel by the journalist, writer and artist Molly Parkin.	Love All	Molly Parkin
author	Bright's Passage is the debut novel by singer/songwriter Josh Ritter.	Bright's Passage	Josh Ritter
author	Tale of the Tribe was a book to be written by Robert Anton Wilson.	Tale of the Tribe	Robert Anton Wilson
author	The Rationalists is a 1988 book by John Cottingham.	The Rationalists	John Cottingham
author	The Unfortunate Traveller: or, the Life of Jack Wilton (published The Unfortunate Traueller: or, The Life of Iacke Wilton) by Thomas Nashe (1594) is a picaresque novel set during the reign of Henry VIII of England.	The Unfortunate Traveller	Thomas Nashe
author	The Notion Club Papers is the title of an abandoned novel by J. R. R. Tolkien, written during 1945 and published posthumously in Sauron Defeated, the 9th volume of The History of Middle-earth.	The Notion Club Papers	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	The Ghost from the Grand Banks is a 1990 science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke (ISBN 0-575-04906-5).	The Ghost from the Grand Banks	Arthur C. Clarke
author	The Virtu (2006) is a fantasy novel by Sarah Monette.	The Virtu	Sarah Monette
author	For the Liberation of Brazil is a Marxist tract on guerrilla warfare written by Carlos Marighella.	For the Liberation of Brazil	Carlos Marighella
author	The Plant is an unfinished serial novel published by Stephen King in 1982--85 privately and in 2000 as a commercial e-book.	The Plant	Stephen King
author	Between Shades of Gray, a New York Times Bestseller, is the debut novel of American novelist Ruta Sepetys.	Between Shades of Gray	Ruta Sepetys
author	``Moxon's Master'' is a short story by the late 19th-century American author Ambrose Bierce that speculates on the nature of life and intelligence.	Moxon's Master	Ambrose Bierce
author	The book was written by Samuel Hahnemann and published in Latin, in two volumes, with the full title Fragmenta de viribus medicamentorum: positivis sive in sano corpore humano observatis (Fragmentary Observations relative to the Positive Powers of Medicines on the healthy Human Body).	Fragmenta de viribus	Samuel Hahnemann
author	Shutterbug Follies is a graphic novel created by Jason Little.	Shutterbug Follies	Jason Little
author	Sonnet 98 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare.	Sonnet 98	William Shakespeare
author	A Modern Utopia is a 1905 novel by H. G. Wells.	A Modern Utopia	H. G. Wells
author	Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas is the third book of Maya Angelou's seven-volume autobiography series.	Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas	Maya Angelou
author	Morvern Callar was the debut novel by Scottish author Alan Warner, first published in 1995.	Morvern Callar	Alan Warner
author	The Billions of Arsène Lupin is a detective novel by Maurice Leblanc about gentleman thief Arsène Lupin.	The Billions of Arsène Lupin	Maurice Leblanc
author	The Siege of Numantia (Spanish: El cerco de Numancia) is a tragedy by Miguel de Cervantes set at the siege of Numantia.	The Siege of Numantia	Miguel de Cervantes
author	The World Without Us is a non-fiction book about what would happen to the natural and built environment if humans suddenly disappeared, written by American journalist Alan Weisman and published by St. Martin's Thomas Dunne Books.	The World Without Us	Alan Weisman
author	The Silly Book is a children's book by Stoo Hample, first published in 1961 and reissued in 2004.	The Silly Book	Stoo Hample
author	The Doomsday Conspiracy is a thriller novel by American writer Sidney Sheldon published in 1991.	The Doomsday Conspiracy	Sidney Sheldon
author	The Disruption of American Democracy is a book published by American historian Roy Franklin Nichols in 1948, which won the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for History.	The Disruption of American Democracy	Roy Franklin Nichols
author	The Truth Machine (1996) is a science fiction novel by James L. Halperin about a genius who invents an infallible lie detector.	The Truth Machine	James L. Halperin
author	The Post Office Girl (German: Rausch der Verwandlung, which roughly means The Intoxication of Transformation) is a novel by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig.	The Post Office Girl	Stefan Zweig
author	The Story of Martha is a BBC Books original novel written by Dan Abnett with David Roden, Steve Lockley & Paul Lewis, Robert Shearman and Simon Jowett and based on the long running science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Story of Martha	Dan Abnett
author	The General Danced at Dawn is a collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser, published first during 1970 and featuring a young Scottish lieutenant named Dand MacNeill.	The General Danced at Dawn	George MacDonald Fraser
author	The Cleft (2007) is a novel by Doris Lessing.	The Cleft	Doris Lessing
author	Double Star is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein, first serialized in Astounding Science Fiction (February, March, April 1956) and published in hardcover the same year.	Double Star	Robert A. Heinlein
author	The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution is a 1968 Pulitzer Prize-winning book of history by Bernard Bailyn.	The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution	Bernard Bailyn
author	The Tale of Ginger and Pickles (originally, Ginger and Pickles) is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter, and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1909.	The Tale of Ginger and Pickles	Beatrix Potter
author	The Dream of a Lifetime is a 2002 Donald Duck comic by Don Rosa.	The Dream of a Lifetime	Don Rosa
author	Consciousness Explained is a 1991 book by the American philosopher Daniel Dennett which offers an account of how consciousness arises from interaction of physical and cognitive processes in the brain.	Consciousness Explained	Daniel Dennett
author	The Incandescent Ones is a science fiction novel by astrophysicist Fred Hoyle and his son Geoffrey Hoyle.	The Incandescent Ones	Fred Hoyle
author	The 65 Lakh Heist is first English version (translated by Sudarshan Purohit) of a Surender Mohan Pathak book.	The 65 Lakh Heist	Surender Mohan Pathak
author	An Imperative Duty is a short realist novel by William Dean Howells published in 1891.	An Imperative Duty	William Dean Howells
author	A Good School is a novel by Richard Yates first published in 1978.	A Good School	Richard Yates
author	``The Tyger'' is a poem by the English poet William Blake published in 1794 as part of the Songs of Experience collection.	The Tyger	William Blake
author	The Third God is a 2009 fantasy novel by Ricardo Pinto.	The Third God	Ricardo Pinto
author	Among the Barons is a 2003 book by Margaret Peterson Haddix, about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation.	Among the Barons	Margaret Peterson Haddix
author	The Rime of the Ancient Mariner (originally The Rime of the Ancyent Marinere) is the longest major poem by the English poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge, written in 1797--98 and published in 1798 in the first edition of Lyrical Ballads.	The Rime of the Ancient Mariner	Samuel Taylor Coleridge
author	History of the DC Universe is a two-issue comic book limited series created by Marv Wolfman and George Pérez, and published by DC Comics following the end of Crisis on Infinite Earths.	History of the DC Universe	Marv Wolfman
author	The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border is a collection of Border ballads compiled by Walter Scott, first published in three volumes in 1802 and 1803.	The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border	Walter Scott
author	Twilight Comes Twice is a children's book of free verse written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Kate Kiesler.	Twilight Comes Twice	Ralph Fletcher
author	The Alexandria Link is Steve Berry's fifth published novel and was released in 2007.	The Alexandria Link	Steve Berry
author	A New Lease of Death is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell, first published in 1967.	A New Lease of Death	Ruth Rendell
author	What Technology Wants is a 2010 nonfiction book by Kevin Kelly focused on technology as an extension of life.	What Technology Wants	Kevin Kelly
author	The Currents of Space (1952) is a science fiction novel by the American writer Isaac Asimov.	The Currents of Space	Isaac Asimov
author	The Famished Road is the Booker Prize-winning novel written by Nigerian author Ben Okri.	The Famished Road	Ben Okri
author	The Faerie Wars Chronicles is a fantasy action young adult novel series written by James Herbert Brennan.	The Faerie Wars Chronicles	James Herbert Brennan
author	Worlds is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by Eric Flint.	Worlds	Eric Flint
author	Jih-chi chiu-chung (Nine Diaries) was the most popular book published by Chinese writer Yu Dafu.	Nine Diaries	Yu Dafu
author	The Sea-Wolf is a 1904 psychological adventure novel by American novelist Jack London.	The Sea-Wolf	Jack London
author	The Tuloriad is a novel by John Ringo and Tom Kratman, as part of the Legacy of the Aldenata series.	The Tuloriad	John Ringo	Tom Kratman
author	The Epistula ad Carpianum (Letter to Carpian) or Letter of Eusebius is the title traditionally given to a letter from Eusebius of Caesarea to a Christian named Carpianus.	Epistula ad Carpianum	Eusebius
author	Goodbye Tsugumi (TUGUMI) is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto (吉本ばなな)in 1989 and translated into English in 2002 by Michael Emmerich.	Goodbye Tsugumi	Banana Yoshimoto
author	Sonechka is a novella and collection of short stories by Russian writer Lyudmila Ulitskaya.	Sonechka	Lyudmila Ulitskaya
author	Talley & Son is a play by Lanford Wilson, the third in his trilogy focusing on the Talley family of Lebanon, Missouri.	Talley & Son	Lanford Wilson
author	The Fractal Prince is the second science fiction novel by Hannu Rajaniemi and the second novel to feature the post-human gentleman thief Jean le Flambeur.	The Fractal Prince	Hannu Rajaniemi
author	Goggle-Eyes, or My War with Goggle-Eyes in the U.S., is a children's novel by Anne Fine, published by Hamilton in 1989.	Goggle-Eyes	Anne Fine
author	Summer of Secrets is the second part of 21st century Austen series by Rosie Rushton.	Summer of Secrets	Rosie Rushton
author	A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism is a two-volume treatise on electromagnetism written by James Clerk Maxwell in 1873.	A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism	James Clerk Maxwell
author	Penrod and Sam is a novel by Booth Tarkington that was first published in 1916.	Penrod and Sam	Booth Tarkington
author	The Hydrofoil Mystery was written in 2003 by Canadian author Eric Walters.	The Hydrofoil Mystery	Eric Walters
author	Caramelo is a 2002 novel by American author Sandra Cisneros.	Caramelo	Sandra Cisneros
author	The Last Centurion is a 2008 stand-alone novel by John Ringo.	The Last Centurion	John Ringo
author	Princess of Gossip is a Young Adult novel by Sabrina Bryan (The Cheetah Girls, Dancing with the Stars) and Julia DeVillers (How My Private, Personal Journal Became A Bestseller).	Princess of Gossip	Sabrina Bryan
author	Malpertuis (1943) is a gothic horror novel by the Belgian author Jean Ray (1887--1964).	Malpertuis	Jean Ray
author	Kay the Left-Handed is a historical novel by Leslie Barringer set in twelfth century England.	Kay the Left-Handed	Leslie Barringer
author	Asterix and the Actress is the 31st volume of the Asterix comic book series, written and illustrated by Albert Uderzo.	Asterix and the Actress	Albert Uderzo
author	Rome Burning is the second book of Sophia McDougall's trilogy, following her debut novel, Romanitas, set in a world where the Roman Empire has survived to contemporary times.	Rome Burning	Sophia McDougall
author	La Fausse Suivante, or Le Fourbe Puni is a play by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux written in 1724, and produced for the first time by the Comédie-Italienneon the July 8 1724 at the theatre of the Hôtel de Bourgogne.	La Fausse Suivante	Pierre de Marivaux
author	The Autobiography of Malcolm X was published in 1965, the result of a collaboration between human rights activist Malcolm X and journalist Alex Haley.	The Autobiography of Malcolm X	Alex Haley
author	The Year of Freaking Out is a 1997 Australian young adult novel by Sarah Walker about 17-year-old Kim, her relationship with her childhood friend Matthew and her passionate friendship with the new girl at school, Rachel.	The Year of Freaking Out	Sarah Walker
author	The Art of Thinking Clearly is a 2013 book by bestselling Swiss writer Rolf Dobelli which describes in short chapters 99 of the most common thinking errors - ranging from cognitive biases to elements like envy and social distortions.	The Art of Thinking Clearly	Rolf Dobelli
author	The Man Who Tasted Shapes is a book by neurologist Richard Cytowic about synesthesia.	The Man Who Tasted Shapes	Richard Cytowic
author	The Riders is a novel by Australian author Tim Winton published in 1994.	The Riders	Tim Winton
author	Conversations with Professor Y (French: Entretiens avec le professeur Y) is a 1955 novel by the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline.	Conversations with Professor Y	Louis-Ferdinand Céline
author	The Confidential Agent (1939) is a thriller novel by British author Graham Greene.	The Confidential Agent	Graham Greene
author	The Phantom of the Card Table is a manuscript published in 1931 by Eddie McGuire on the card skills and techniques of Walter Irving Scott aka 'The Phantom'.	The Phantom of the Card Table	Walter Irving Scott
author	A Philosophical View of Reform is a major prose work by Percy Bysshe Shelley written in 1819-20 and first published in 1920 by Oxford University Press.	A Philosophical View of Reform	Percy Bysshe Shelley
author	The Mayor of Castro Street is a 1982 book about Harvey Milk by Randy Shilts.	The Mayor of Castro Street	Randy Shilts
author	A History of Western Philosophy is a 1945 book by philosopher Bertrand Russell.	A History of Western Philosophy	Bertrand Russell
author	Lady Inger of Ostrat (original title: Fru Inger til Østeraad) is a play by Henrik Ibsen, inspired by the life of Inger, Lady of Austraat.	Lady Inger of Ostrat	Henrik Ibsen
author	The Loser is a novel by Thomas Bernhard, originally published in German in 1983.	The Loser	Thomas Bernhard
author	Deepwater Black is a 1995 novel, first in the Deepwater trilogy, by the New Zealand science fiction writer Ken Catran, where a cast of young characters are supposedly stranded in space while a virus ravages Earth.	Deepwater Black	Ken Catran
author	Las armas secretas (translates to The Secret Weapons in English) is a book of five short stories written by Julio Cortázar.	Las armas secretas	Julio Cortázar
author	Montcalm and Wolfe (ISBN 0-306-80621-5) is the sixth volume in Francis Parkman's seven-volume history, France and England in North America, originally published in 1884.	Montcalm and Wolfe	Francis Parkman
author	Did You Ever Have a Family is the debut novel by American literary agent and author Bill Clegg, published in 2015.	Did You Ever Have a Family	Bill Clegg
author	Les clefs de babel (literally The keys of Babel) is a French language children's novel written by Carina Rozenfeld.	Les clefs de babel	Carina Rozenfeld
author	Upland Outlaws is a fantasy novel by Dave Duncan, following The Cutting Edge.	Upland Outlaws	Dave Duncan
author	Talking God is the ninth crime fiction novel in the Joe Leaphorn / Jim Chee Navajo Tribal Police series by Tony Hillerman published in 1989.	Talking God	Tony Hillerman
author	``Down at the Dinghy'' is a short story by J. D. Salinger, originally published in Harper's in April 1949, and included in the compilation, Nine Stories.	Down at the Dinghy	J. D. Salinger
author	King of the Wind is a novel by Marguerite Henry that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1949.	King of the Wind	Marguerite Henry
author	The Skin of Our Teeth is a play by Thornton Wilder which won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama.	The Skin of Our Teeth	Thornton Wilder
author	He claims Gardner Fox's dreams were tuned into Earth-Two, explaining their depiction as a fictional world in earlier Barry Allen stories.	Earth-Two	Gardner Fox
author	Grab Hands and Run is a fictional adaptation of a true story written by Frances Temple.	Grab Hands and Run	Frances Temple
author	On Social Freedom: or the Necessary Limits of Individual Freedom Arising Out of the Conditions of Our Social Life is an essay regarding individual and societal freedom initially thought to have been written by the British philosopher John Stuart Mill, but later found to have been falsely attributed to him.	On Social Freedom	John Stuart Mill
author	Dansen is a short play by German playwright and dramatist Bertolt Brecht (1898--1956) written in 1939.	Dansen	Bertolt Brecht
author	Morning's Gone is a 2006 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary about Matt Durban, an Australian Labor Party politician who is challenging for his party's leadership.	Morning's Gone	Jon Cleary
author	Thimble Summer is a novel by Elizabeth Enright that won the 1939 Newbery Medal.	Thimble Summer	Elizabeth Enright
author	Inside Sahara is a large coffee-table style book containing pictures taken by Basil Pao, who was the stills photographer on the team that made the Sahara with Michael Palin TV program for the BBC.	Inside Sahara	Basil Pao
author	In the Spirit of Crazy Horse is a book by Peter Matthiessen which chronicles ``The story of Leonard Peltier and the FBI's war on the American Indian Movement''.	In the Spirit of Crazy Horse	Peter Matthiessen
author	Chess with the Doomsday Machine (Shatranj ba Mashin-e Qiamat) (Persian: شطرنج با ماشین قیامت‎) is a novel about the Iran-Iraq war by Habib Ahmadzadeh.	Chess with the Doomsday Machine	Habib Ahmadzadeh
author	Los Restos Indígenas de Pichilemu (English: The Indigenous Remains of Pichilemu) was a 1908 book published by Chilean historiographer José Toribio Medina.	Los Restos Indígenas de Pichilemu	José Toribio Medina
author	As a Driven Leaf is a 1939 novel by Milton Steinberg based on the life of Elisha ben Abuyah Steinberg's novel wrestles with the 2nd century Jewish struggle to reconcile Rabbinic Judaism both culturally and philosophically with Greek Hellenistic society.	As a Driven Leaf	Milton Steinberg
author	One Winter in Eden is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by author Michael Bishop.	One Winter in Eden	Michael Bishop
author	Memoria descriptiva sobre Tucumán (Spanish: Descriptive memoir of Tucumán) is an Argentine 1834 book of Juan Bautista Alberdi.	Memoria descriptiva sobre Tucumán	Juan Bautista Alberdi
author	My Brother Yves (French: Mon Frère Yves, 1883) is a semi-autobiographical novel by French author Pierre Loti.	My Brother Yves	Pierre Loti
author	The Sky So Big and Black is a science fiction novel by John Barnes that was published in 2002.	The Sky So Big and Black	John Barnes
author	The Aquitaine Progression is a novel by Robert Ludlum originally published in 1984.	The Aquitaine Progression	Robert Ludlum
author	What Happened to Burger's Daughter or How South African Censorship Works is a 1980 collection of essays by South African novelist Nadine Gordimer and others.	What Happened to Burger's Daughter or How South African Censorship Works	Nadine Gordimer
author	The Richlands is an historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888--1982) set in a rural village in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, thirty miles east of Pittsburgh.	The Richlands	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
author	The Historia Brittonum is commonly attributed to Nennius, as some recensions have a preface written in his name.	Historia Brittonum	Nennius
author	The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate is a 2009 award winning historical young adult novel by Jacqueline Kelly.	The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate	Jacqueline Kelly
author	The Invention of Solitude is the debut work of Paul Auster, a memoir published in the year 1982.	The Invention of Solitude	Paul Auster
author	Einstein's Gift is a play written by Canadian playwright Vern Thiessen in 2003.	Einstein's Gift	Vern Thiessen
author	The Ignorance of Blood is the final novel in Robert Wilson's Javier Falcón series, set in Seville.	The Ignorance of Blood	Robert Wilson
author	Honour & Other People's Children is a collection of two short stories - also described as novellas - by Australian writer Helen Garner.	Honour & Other People's Children	Helen Garner
author	The Art of Electronics, by Paul Horowitz and Winfield Hill, is a popular textbook dealing with analog and digital electronics.	The Art of Electronics	Paul Horowitz	Winfield Hill
author	The Inheritance Cycle is a young adult tetralogy of epic fantasy novels written by American author Christopher Paolini.	Inheritance Cycle	Christopher Paolini
author	The Angel Maker's Wife is Camilla Läckberg's eighth book in her Fjällbacka series, and was published in Sweden on 19 December 2011.	The Angel Maker's Wife	Camilla Läckberg
author	The Scheme for Full Employment is a novel by the English author Magnus Mills, published in 2003 by Flamingo.	The Scheme for Full Employment	Magnus Mills
author	I Am NOT Going to Get Up Today! is a children's book written by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and illustrated by James Stevenson and published by Random House on October 12, 1987.	I Am NOT Going to Get Up Today!	Dr. Seuss
author	Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman (1997) is a science fiction novel written by Walter M. Miller, Jr. It is a follow-up to Miller's 1959 book A Canticle for Leibowitz.	Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman	Walter M. Miller
author	The Family Book is a 2003 children's book written by Todd Parr that details the daily lives of all kinds of families.	The Family Book	Todd Parr
author	Murder Twice Told is a collection of two short thrillers by Donald Hamilton.	Murder Twice Told	Donald Hamilton
author	The Clockwork Girl is an all-ages/science fiction/fantasy comic series created by Sean O’Reilly and Kevin Hanna, that ran for six issues and was published in a collected edition for the first time in 2008.	Clockwork Girl	Kevin Hanna
author	Debit and Credit (German: Soll und Haben, 1855) is a novel in six volumes by Gustav Freytag.	Debit and Credit	Gustav Freytag
author	Reveries of a Solitary Walker (or Reveries of the Solitary Walker; French: Les Rêveries du promeneur solitaire) is an unfinished book by Genevan philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau, written between 1776 and 1778.	Reveries of a Solitary Walker	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
author	And Then There Was No One is a novel by Gilbert Adair first published in 2009.	And Then There Was No One	Gilbert Adair
author	Faux passeports subtitled 'ou les mémoires d'un agitateur' in its original version, is a Belgian novel by Charles Plisnier.	Faux passeports	Charles Plisnier
author	Double Phoenix is an anthology of two short fantasy novels by Edmund Cooper and Roger Lancelyn Green, edited by Lin Carter.	Double Phoenix	Edmund Cooper	Roger Lancelyn Green	Lin Carter
author	Steps to Christ is an evangelistic book written by Ellen G. White, co-founder and prophetess of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.	Steps to Christ	Ellen G. White
author	Apocalypse Meow is a three volume manga series written and illustrated by Motofumi Kobayashi.	Apocalypse Meow	Motofumi Kobayashi
author	Skydive! is the eleventh novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen.	Skydive!	Gary Paulsen
author	An Infinite Summer is the second collection of short stories by Christopher Priest and the first of his books to collect stories set in the Dream Archipelago.	An Infinite Summer	Christopher Priest
author	``Maid of Athens, ere we part'' is a poem by Lord Byron, written in 1810 and dedicated to a young girl of Athens.	Maid of Athens, ere we part	Lord Byron
author	Madame de La Carlière, sub-titled On the inconsequence of public judgement of our actions, is a fable written by the French writer Denis Diderot in 1772, and published for the first time in 1798.	Madame de La Carlière	Denis Diderot
author	``A Diamond Guitar'' is a short story by Truman Capote, first published in Harper's Bazaar in 1950; it is noted as one of his better quality early short stories.	A Diamond Guitar	Truman Capote
author	Stormrider is a fantasy novel by the author David Gemmell published in 2002.	Stormrider	David Gemmell
author	The Anatomy of a Moment (Spanish:Anatomía de un instante) is a 2009 non-fiction book by Javier Cercas, which won the National Prize for Narrative Writing.	The Anatomy of a Moment	Javier Cercas
author	Nemesis Games is a 2015 science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey, the pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck, and the fifth book in their The Expanse series.	Nemesis Games	Daniel Abraham	Ty Franck
author	The Adventures of Captain Horn is an 1895 adventure novel by Frank R. Stockton that was the third-best selling book in the United States in 1895.	The Adventures of Captain Horn	Frank R. Stockton
author	Wild Fowl Decoys is an art reference book by American collector Joel Barber, first published in 1934 by Windward House.	Wild Fowl Decoys	Joel Barber
author	The Court of the Air is the first book by Stephen Hunt in his Jackelian series.	The Court of the Air	Stephen Hunt
author	Heidi (pronounced (ˈhaɪdi)) is a work of children's fiction published in 1881 by Swiss author Johanna Spyri, originally published in two parts as Heidi's years of learning and travel (German: Heidis Lehr- und Wanderjahre) and Heidi makes use of what she has learned.	Heidi	Johanna Spyri
author	Billiards at Half-Past Nine (German: Billard um halb zehn) is a 1959 novel by the German author Heinrich Böll.	Billiards at Half-Past Nine	Heinrich Böll
author	The Miseries of Human Life was written by James Beresford (1764--1840) and published in 1806, first as a single volume and then as an expanded two-volume edition later that year.	The Miseries of Human Life	James Beresford
author	The Seven Messengers (Italian: I sette messaggeri) is a collection of short stories written by Dino Buzzati and published as a book in 1942.	The Seven Messengers	Dino Buzzati
author	Human Traces is a 2005 novel by Sebastian Faulks, best known as the British author of Birdsong and Charlotte Gray.	Human Traces	Sebastian Faulks
author	Letters Written in France is a series of letters written by English writer Helen Maria Williams, first published in 1790.	Letters Written in France	Helen Maria Williams
author	Contes et nouvelles en vers (English: Tales and Novellas in Verse) is an anthology of various ribald short stories and novellas collected and versified from prose by Jean de La Fontaine.	Contes et nouvelles en vers	Jean de La Fontaine
author	Now and Then, Amen is a 1988 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary.	Now and Then, Amen	Jon Cleary
author	The Height of the Scream is a collection of horror stories by author Ramsey Campbell.	The Height of the Scream	Ramsey Campbell
author	The Religion of Man (1931) is a compilation of lectures by Rabindranath Tagore, edited by him and drawn largely from his Hibbert Lectures given at Oxford University in May 1930.	The Religion of Man	Rabindranath Tagore
author	``The Terrible Old Man'' is a very short short story (less than 1200 words) by H. P. Lovecraft, written on January 28, 1920, and first published in the Tryout, an amateur press publication, in July 1921.	The Terrible Old Man	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Of Nightingales That Weep is a historical novel for children by Katherine Paterson, published by Crowell in 1974.	Of Nightingales That Weep	Katherine Paterson
author	Murphy's Gold is the second novella in Murphy series by Gary Paulsen.	Murphy's Gold	Gary Paulsen
author	The Machinery of Freedom is a nonfiction book by David D. Friedman which advocates Friedman's vision of an anarcho-capitalist society.	The Machinery of Freedom	David D. Friedman
author	My Sweet Audrina is a 1982 novel by V. C. Andrews.	My Sweet Audrina	V. C. Andrews
author	The Crow Comes Last (Italian: Ultimo viene il corvo) is a short story collection by Italo Calvino published in 1949.	The Crow Comes Last	Italo Calvino
author	Withered Murder is the second of the collaborations of Anthony Shaffer and Peter Shaffer under the pseudonym Peter Anthony.	Withered Murder	Anthony Shaffer	Peter Shaffer
author	Claude Gueux was a short story written by Victor Hugo in 1834.	Claude Gueux	Victor Hugo
author	Dead Even is the second novel written by Brad Meltzer about a husband and wife on opposite sides of a legal case.	Dead Even	Brad Meltzer
author	On the Soul (Greek Περὶ Ψυχῆς, Perì Psūchês; Latin De Anima) is a major treatise by Aristotle on the nature of living things.	On the Soul	Aristotle
author	Hospital of the Transfiguration (in Polish: Szpital Przemienienia) is a book written by Stanisław Lem.	Hospital of the Transfiguration	Stanisław Lem
author	Robopocalypse is a science fiction book by Daniel H. Wilson published in 2011.	Robopocalypse	Daniel H. Wilson
author	A Complicated Kindness is the third novel by Canadian author Miriam Toews.	A Complicated Kindness	Miriam Toews
author	The Lost Hero is a 2010 fantasy-adventure novel written by Rick Riordan and is based on Greek and Roman mythology.	The Lost Hero	Rick Riordan
author	La Permission is a 1967 French language novel written by Melvin Van Peebles which was turned into the film, The Story of a Three-Day Pass.	La Permission	Melvin Van Peebles
author	A Horse and Two Goats and Other Stories (also published as A Horse and Two Goats) is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan, published in 1970 by The Bodley Head.	A Horse and Two Goats and Other Stories	R. K. Narayan
author	``The Man Who Would Not Shake Hands'' is a short story by Stephen King first published in the 1982 horror anthology Shadows 4, edited by Charles L. Grant, and collected in Skeleton Crew in 1985.	The Man Who Would Not Shake Hands	Stephen King
author	Second Glance is a fiction novel written by American author Jodi Picoult.	Second Glance	Jodi Picoult
author	Little Pilgrim (Korean: 화엄경) is a novel by the South Korean writer Ko Un.	Little Pilgrim	Ko Un
author	The Compendium of Materia Medica, also known by the romanizations Bencao Gangmu or Pen-tsao Kang-mu, is a Chinese materia medica work written by Li Shizhen during the Ming Dynasty.	Compendium of Materia Medica	Li Shizhen
author	``Death of the Poet'' (Russian: ``Смерть Поэта'') is an 1837 poem by Mikhail Lermontov, written in reaction to the death of Alexander Pushkin.	Death of the Poet	Mikhail Lermontov
author	Manna from Heaven is a book that contains a collection of short stories that were written by fantasy and science fiction author Roger Zelazny.	Manna from Heaven	Roger Zelazny
author	Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library is a children's novel by author Chris Grabenstein.	Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library	Chris Grabenstein
author	The Maintenance of Headway is a novel by English author Magnus Mills published in 2009 by Bloomsbury.	The Maintenance of Headway	Magnus Mills
author	Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover is a 2009 teen-fiction novel written by Ally Carter.	Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover	Ally Carter
author	Gojiro is the 1991 debut novel by former Esquire columnist Mark Jacobson.	Gojiro	Mark Jacobson
author	The Virgin and the Gypsy is a short story (or novella) by English author D. H. Lawrence.	The Virgin and the Gypsy	D. H. Lawrence
author	Vandover and the Brute is a novel by Frank Norris, written in 1894--5 and first published in 1914.	Vandover and the Brute	Frank Norris
author	Lonesome Places is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by American author August Derleth.	Lonesome Places	August Derleth
author	A Day in Ostrobothnia (Finnish: Pohjanmaa) is a 1985 novel by Finnish author Antti Tuuri.	A Day in Ostrobothnia	Antti Tuuri
author	Natural Theology or Evidences of the Existence and Attributes of the Deity is an 1802 work of Christian apologetics and philosophy of religion by the English clergyman William Paley (July 1743 -- 25 May 1805).	Natural Theology or Evidences of the Existence and Attributes of the Deity	William Paley
author	Der fremde Blick oder das Leben ist ein Furz in der Laterne is a book by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller.	Der fremde Blick oder das Leben ist ein Furz in der Laterne	Herta Müller
author	Exsul Familia is the apostolic constitution written by Pope Pius XII on the topic of migration.	Exsul Familia	Pius XII
author	Europe Central (2005) is a novel by William T. Vollmann that won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.	Europe Central	William T. Vollmann
author	Knee-Knock Rise is a children's book written by Natalie Babbitt and published in 1970.	Knee-Knock Rise	Natalie Babbitt
author	Eclipse of the Crescent Moon (Hungarian: Egri csillagok lit. ``Stars of Eger'') is a historical novel by the Hungarian writer Géza Gárdonyi.	Eclipse of the Crescent Moon	Géza Gárdonyi
author	The Sorrow Gondola (Swedish: Sorgegondolen) is a 1996 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer.	The Sorrow Gondola	Tomas Tranströmer
author	Under Plum Lake is a children's adventure novel by Lionel Davidson, first published in 1980.	Under Plum Lake	Lionel Davidson
author	Everything Matters! (2009) is American author Ron Currie Jr.'s second novel.	Everything Matters!	Ron Currie Jr.
author	Business Dynamics is a book by John Sterman that applies system dynamics to business.	Business Dynamics	John Sterman
author	The Work, Wealth and Happiness of Mankind by H. G. Wells is the final work of a trilogy of which the first volumes were The Outline of History (1919--1920) and The Science of Life (1929).	The Work, Wealth and Happiness of Mankind	H. G. Wells
author	The Witch of Edmonton is an English Jacobean play, written by William Rowley, Thomas Dekker and John Ford in 1621.	The Witch of Edmonton	Thomas Dekker
author	Gold Dust and Ashes is a book by Ion Idriess set in the New Guina goldfields at Bulolo.	Gold Dust and Ashes	Ion Idriess
author	Yondering is a collection of short stories by American author Louis L'Amour, published in 1980.	Yondering	Louis L'Amour
author	On My Honor is a short Newbery Honor-winning novel by Marion Dane Bauer, first published in 1986.	On My Honor	Marion Dane Bauer
author	``Unaccompanied Sonata'' is a short story by Orson Scott Card, first published in the March, 1979 issue of Omni magazine.	Unaccompanied Sonata	Orson Scott Card
author	Pioneer, Go Home! is a satirical novel by Richard P. Powell, first published in 1959.	Pioneer, Go Home!	Richard P. Powell
author	The Wars is a 1977 novel by Timothy Findley that tells the story of a young Canadian officer in World War I. Nineteen-year-old Robert Ross tries to escape both his grief over his sister's death and the social norms of oppressive Victorian upper-class society by enlisting in the Great War.	The Wars	Timothy Findley
author	The Righteous Men is a novel written by Sam Bourne, a pseudonym of English journalist Jonathan Freedland.	The Righteous Men	Sam Bourne	Jonathan Freedland
author	Into a Strange Lost World is a children fiction novel by Richard Hough under the pen name of Bruce Carter.	Into a Strange Lost World	Richard Hough
author	Selam Professor Shonku (Hats off, Professor Shonku) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1995.	Selam Professor Shonku	Satyajit Ray
author	A Most Wanted Man is a thriller/espionage novel by John le Carré published in September 2008 by Hodder & Stoughton in the United Kingdom and in October 2008 by Scribner in the United States.	A Most Wanted Man	John le Carré
author	A Liar's Autobiography, Volume VI is a comical autobiography written by Graham Chapman of Monty Python fame, featuring a fictionalised account of his life.	A Liar's Autobiography	Graham Chapman
author	Humlehjertene (English: The Bumblebee Hearts) is a novel published in 1980 by the Norwegian writer Ola Bauer.	Humlehjertene	Ola Bauer
author	And Never Said a Word (German: Und sagte kein einziges Wort) is a novel by German author Heinrich Böll, published in 1953.	And Never Said a Word	Heinrich Böll
author	The Yellow Sound (in German, Der Gelbe Klang) is an experimental theater piece originated by the Russian artist Wassily Kandinsky.	The Yellow Sound	Wassily Kandinsky
author	Watch and Ward is a short novel by Henry James, first published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1871 and later as a book in 1878.	Watch and Ward	Henry James
author	The Hidden Past by Jude Watson is the third in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice.	The Hidden Past	Jude Watson
author	7 Stories is a play created by Canadian playwright Morris Panych.	7 Stories	Morris Panych
author	On the Way of Resurrection (Arabic: فِي سَبِيلِ البعث, Fi Sabil al Baath) is a political literature book written by Michel Aflaq, one of the founders of Ba'athism.	On the Way of Resurrection	Michel Aflaq
author	They Were Strong and Good is a children's nonfiction book written and illustrated by Robert Lawson, who won the 1941 Caldecott Medal for excellence in illustration of an American children's picture book.	They Were Strong and Good	Robert Lawson
author	The Macintosh Way was the first book written by former Apple evangelist Guy Kawasaki.	The Macintosh Way	Guy Kawasaki
author	When Jonathan Died is a novel by Tony Duvert, translated by D.R. Roberts.	When Jonathan Died	Tony Duvert
author	Treasures of the Snow is a children's story book by Patricia St. John.	Treasures of the Snow	Patricia St. John
author	The Bravo is a novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1831 in three volumes.	The Bravo	James Fenimore Cooper
author	The Man Who Laughs (also published under the title By Order of the King) is a novel by Victor Hugo, originally published in April 1869 under the French title L'Homme qui rit.	The Man Who Laughs	Victor Hugo
author	Problems of a Sociology of Knowledge (German: Probleme einer Soziologie des Wissens) is a 1924 essay by the German philosopher, sociologist, and anthropologist Max Scheler.	Problems of a Sociology of Knowledge	Max Scheler
author	Biancaneve is an Italian erotic comic book, created in 1972 by Renzo Barbieri and Rubino Ventura and illustrated by Leone Frollo.	Biancaneve	Renzo Barbieri
author	Terminal Freeze is the fourth solo novel by Lincoln Child.	Terminal Freeze	Lincoln Child
author	Phoenix in Obsidian (alternate title: The Silver Warriors) is a science fantasy novel by Michael Moorcock.	Phoenix in Obsidian	Michael Moorcock
author	After Having Spent a Night Among Horses (Swedish: Efter att ha tillbringat en natt bland hästar) is a 1998 poetry collection by Finnish poet Tua Forsström.	After Having Spent a Night Among Horses	Tua Forsström
author	Selected Stories is a volume of short stories by Alice Munro, published by McClelland and Stewart in 1996.	Selected Stories	Alice Munro
author	Adventures in the Screen Trade is a book about Hollywood written in 1983 by American novelist and screenwriter William Goldman.	Adventures in the Screen Trade	William Goldman
author	Zothique is an imagined future continent in a series of short stories by Clark Ashton Smith.	Zothique	Clark Ashton Smith
author	The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru was an innovative 1658 theatrical presentation, a hybrid entertainment or masque or ``operatic show'', written and produced by Sir William Davenant.	The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru	William Davenant
author	The Divine Legation of Moses is the best-known work of William Warburton, an English theologian of the 18th century who became bishop of Gloucester.	The Divine Legation of Moses	William Warburton
author	Switchblade Honey is a 2003 72-page science fiction graphic novel written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Brandon McKinney, published by AiT/Planet Lar.	Switchblade Honey	Warren Ellis
author	His Illegal Self is a 2008 novel by Australian author Peter Carey.	His Illegal Self	Peter Carey
author	The Final Adventures of Solar Pons is a collection of detective, science fiction short stories by author August Derleth.	The Final Adventures of Solar Pons	August Derleth
author	Retro-Pulp Tales is a limited edition anthology published by Subterranean Press in 2006, edited by Joe R. Lansdale.	Retro-Pulp Tales	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Generation Loss is a novel published by Elizabeth Hand.	Generation Loss	Elizabeth Hand
author	Davy and the Goblin, or, What Followed Reading ``Alice's Adventures in Wonderland'' is a novel by Charles E. Carryl that was serialized in St. Nicholas magazine from December 1884 to March 1885 before being published by Houghton Mifflin of Boston and Frederick Warne of London in 1885.	Davy and the Goblin	Charles E. Carryl
author	Alias Grace is a novel of historical fiction by Canadian writer Margaret Atwood.	Alias Grace	Margaret Atwood
author	Sister Alice (Tor Books, ISBN 0-7653-0225-X) is a science fiction novel by author Robert Reed, first published in 2003.	Sister Alice	Robert Reed
author	Soft City is the first book written by Jonathan Raban, and published by The Harvill Press in 1974.	Soft City	Jonathan Raban
author	Skeletons at the Feast is a novel by author Chris Bohjalian, published in 2008.	Skeletons at the Feast	Chris Bohjalian
author	The Art of Keeping Cool is a children's historical fiction book by Janet Taylor Lisle published in October 2000 by Anthem Books.	The Art of Keeping Cool	Janet Taylor Lisle
author	The Twilight Tomb was published in September 2006, and was written by Greg A. Vaughan, with cover art by Jon Foster and interior art by Marvin Mariano and Steve Prescott.	The Twilight Tomb	Greg A. Vaughan
author	The Quantum Rose is a science fiction novel by Catherine Asaro which tells the story of Kamoj Argali and Skolian Prince Havyrl Valdoria.	The Quantum Rose	Catherine Asaro
author	The Ugly Swans (Russian: Гадкие лебеди) is a science fiction novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky.	The Ugly Swans	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
author	A Berlin Republic (German: Die Normalität einer Berliner Republik. Kleine Politische Schriften VIII) is a 1997 book composed of a collection of transcripts of interviews with the German philosopher and sociologist Jürgen Habermas conducted by various European media in the mid-1990s.	A Berlin Republic	Jürgen Habermas
author	L'enfant penchée (literally, The Leaning Child) is a graphic novel by Belgian comic artists François Schuiten and Benoît Peeters, the sixth volume of their ongoing Les Cités Obscures series.	L'enfant penchée	Benoît Peeters
author	Ellison Wonderland is a collection of short stories by author Harlan Ellison that was originally published in 1962.	Ellison Wonderland	Harlan Ellison
author	Strait Is the Gate (French: La Porte Étroite) is a 1909 French novel written by André Gide.	Strait Is the Gate	André Gide
author	The Vendor of Sweets (1967), by R. K. Narayan, is composed in simple, lucid English that can be read and understood without turning and returning the pages after a single read.	The Vendor of Sweets	R. K. Narayan
author	The Great Time Machine Hoax is a science fiction novel by Keith Laumer, an expansion of his novelette serialized in Fantastic Magazine under the title of ``A Hoax in Time'' from June--	The Great Time Machine Hoax	Keith Laumer
author	Curses, Hexes and Spells is a 1974 book by Daniel Cohen.	Curses, Hexes and Spells	Daniel Cohen
author	The second is the GNU Affero General Public License, version 3, published by the Free Software Foundation in November 2007, and based on the GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPLv3).	Affero General Public License	Free Software Foundation
author	The Dead Town is the fifth and final novel of Dean Koontz's Frankenstein series.	The Dead Town	Dean Koontz
author	Oriental Magic, by Idries Shah, is a study of magical practices in diverse cultures from Europe and Africa, through Asia to the Far East.	Oriental Magic	Idries Shah
author	Fire, Bed, and Bone is a historical novel for older children by Henrietta Branford, published by Walker in 1997.	Fire, Bed, and Bone	Henrietta Branford
author	Rescuing Da Vinci is a largely photographic, historical book about art reclamation and preservation during and after World War II, written by American author Robert M. Edsel, published in 2006 by Laurel Publishing.	Rescuing Da Vinci	Robert M. Edsel
author	The Nature of Alexander (1975) is the only nonfiction work by novelist Mary Renault (1905--1983).	The Nature of Alexander	Mary Renault
author	Mr. George and Other Odd Persons is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by American author August Derleth written under the pseudonym of Stephen Grendon.	Mr. George and Other Odd Persons	August Derleth
author	Pigeon English is the debut novel by English author Stephen Kelman.	Pigeon English	Stephen Kelman
author	Near Changes is a 1990 collection of poems by Mona Van Duyn (1921--2004).	Near Changes	Mona Van Duyn
author	William Does His Bit is the 23rd book of children's short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton.	William Does His Bit	Richmal Crompton
award received	Erik Axel Karlfeldt (20 July 1864 -- 8 April 1931) was a Swedish poet whose highly symbolist poetry masquerading as regionalism was popular and won him the Nobel Prize in Literature posthumously in 1931 after he had been nominated by Nathan Söderblom, member of the Swedish Academy.	Erik Axel Karlfeldt	Nobel Prize in Literature
award received	In the same year Harry Ashmore won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing, For the forcefulness, dispassionate analysis and clarity of his editorials on the school integration conflict in Little Rock.	Harry Ashmore	Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing
award received	Anatoli Ktorov was designated People's Artist of the USSR (1963), was awarded the State Prize of the USSR (1952), and received numerous decorations for his contribution to the art of film and theatre.	Anatoli Ktorov	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	In recognition of services to art and literature, Elizabeth Durack was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1966 and in 1982, a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG).	Elizabeth Durack	Officer of the Order of the British Empire	Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George
award received	Claude de Lannoy (1578--1643), Comte de la Motterie, was a Flemish nobleman, Governor of Maastricht and Namur and a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.	Claude de Lannoy	Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece
award received	Albert Celerin (8 September 1912 -- 31 December 1997) was a German Luftwaffe Reconnaissance pilot and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Albert Celerin	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Military Cross (MC) T./2nd Lt. John Stanley Chick, Gen. List and R.F.C. For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty.	John Stanley Chick	Military Cross
award received	Fyodor Fedorovsky was awarded the Stalin Prize on several occasions (1941, 1943, 1949, 1950, 1951), Order of Lenin, two other orders, and numerous medals.	Fyodor Fedorovsky	Order of Lenin
award received	Tu Youyou, when interviewed in 2011 after awarded the 2011 Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award	Tu Youyou	Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award
award received	Maxim Dlugy (born January 29, 1966) is a chess Grandmaster.	Maxim Dlugy	Grandmaster
award received	Dato' Ambiga Sreenevasan (born 1956) is a prominent Malaysian lawyer and human rights advocate, and is one of the eight recipients of the US International Women of Courage Award in 2009.	Ambiga Sreenevasan	International Women of Courage Award
award received	In April 24, 2006, the Honorary Order of the Yellow Star was awarded by then President Ronald Venetiaan to Stuart Robles de Medina.	Stuart Robles de Medina	Honorary Order of the Yellow Star
award received	Vladimir Fedorovich Vladimirov (Russian: Владимир Фёдорович Владимиров; 9 July 1914 -- December 1943) was a Red Army Lieutenant during World War II and a Hero of the Soviet Union.	Vladimir Fedorovich Vladimirov	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	In 2006, Mihail Sebastian was posthumously awarded the Geschwister-Scholl-Preis for Voller Entsetzen, aber nicht verzweifelt.	Mihail Sebastian	Geschwister-Scholl-Preis
award received	Waldemar Lehmann (29 April 1913 -- 7 June 1997) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, and was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Waldemar Lehmann	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) 2nd Lt. Walter Noble (formerly Essex Regt.)	Walter Noble	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	Major General Sir Guy Riley was invested as a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1938, and as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1944.	Guy Riley	Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	UNICEF was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965 and the Prince of Asturias Award of Concord in 2006.	UNICEF	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	Robert Moorsom died peacefully in 1835 as a full Admiral of the Blue and a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath and was buried at St Peter's Church, Cosgrove, Northamptonshire, where a memorial plaque to him and his wife Eleanor (sister of cotton milling entrepreneur Jonathan Scarth) can still be seen.	Robert Moorsom	Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath
award received	John Brown Kerr (March 12, 1847 -- February 27, 1928) was a United States Army Brigadier General who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for actions in fighting Indians along the White River, South Dakota.	John Brown Kerr	Medal of Honor
award received	Keishing Clifford Nongrum (March 7, 1975 -- July 1, 1999) was an officer of the 12th Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry of the Indian Army, who was posthumously awarded the Maha Vir Chakra, India's second highest gallantry award, for exemplary valor in combat during operations in the Kargil War in 1999.	Keishing Clifford Nongrum	Maha Vir Chakra
award received	Dubravka Ugrešić received several major awards for her essays, including Charles Veillon Prize, Heinrich Mann Prize, Jean Amery Prize.	Dubravka Ugrešić	Heinrich Mann Prize
award received	Wolf Kahn has received a number of awards including a Fulbright Scholarship in 1962, a John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship in 1966, and an Award in Art from the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 1979.	Wolf Kahn	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Ilir Seitaj (born 1957) is an Albanian chess International Master.	Ilir Seitaj	International Master
award received	Dev Anand and Suraiya met Peck for the first time at Mumbai's Willingdon Club, after the Filmfare Awards in 1954, on Peck's stopover in the city from a schedule at Sri Lanka after shooting for Purple Plane.	Dev Anand	Filmfare Awards
award received	Isaac Gause (December 9, 1843 -- April 23, 1920) was a corporal in Union Army during the American Civil War and a recipient of the highest military decoration for valor in combat--the Medal of Honor--for having distinguished himself near Berryville, Virginia, on September 13, 1864.	Isaac Gause	Medal of Honor
award received	Fang Fang (in Chinese:方方, born 11 May 1955) is a Chinese writer who won the Lu Xun Literary Prize in 2010.	Fang Fang	Lu Xun Literary Prize
award received	24 July 1945 - Acting Squadron Leader Anthony Norman Davis (43544) of No. 16 Squadron is awarded the Distinguished Service Order.	Anthony Norman Davis	Distinguished Service Order
award received	Lionel Long was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia Medal (OAM) in the 1993 Australia Day honours, with the citation, for service to the performing and visual arts.	Lionel Long	Medal of the Order of Australia
award received	Rehana Sultan, (born 19 November 1950) is an Indian film actress best known for her debut role in the acclaimed 1970 film Dastak which won her the National Film Award for Best Actress.	Rehana Sultan	National Film Award for Best Actress
award received	Timothy O'Hea VC (1843 -- 1874), born in Schull, County Cork, was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for valour that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Timothy O'Hea	Victoria Cross
award received	Paul Felix Schmidt (20 August (O.S. 7 August) 1916 -- 11 August 1984) was an Estonian chess International Master, chess writer, and chemist.	Paul Felix Schmidt	International Master
award received	Leopold Thomas Alexander Viktor von Schwedler (18 January 1885 -- 30 October 1954) was a German General der Infantrie who commanded an Army corps and a military district during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Viktor von Schwedler	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	The Graveyard Book also won the annual Hugo Award for Best Novel from the World Science Fiction Convention and Locus Award for Best Young Adult Book selected by Locus magazine subscribers.	The Graveyard Book	Hugo Award for Best Novel	Locus Award for Best Young Adult Book
award received	Prof. Dr. Günter Corßen (6 February 1916 -- 16 August 1990) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant i.G. in the Heer of the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the German Cross in Gold and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Günter Corßen	German Cross in Gold	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Josef Bachmeier (27 October 1908 -- 4 February 1971) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Josef Bachmeier	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Charles Andrew MacGillivary (January 17, 1917 - June 24, 2000) was a Medal of Honor recipient, born in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Charles Andrew MacGillivary	Medal of Honor
award received	Rear Admiral Kenneth Farnhill was invested as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1945, and as a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1968.	Kenneth Farnhill	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Israel Dostrovsky (Hebrew: ישראל דוסטרובסקי‎) (November 29, 1918 -- September 28, 2010), an Israeli physical chemist, fifth president of the Weizmann Institute of Science, laureate of the 1995 Israel Prize in the exact sciences.	Israel Dostrovsky	Israel Prize
award received	When Sulak Sivaraksa was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1995, he became known to a wider public in Europe and the USA.	Sulak Sivaraksa	Right Livelihood Award
award received	Bindeshwar Pathak is a Padma Bhushan recipient from the Government of India.	Bindeshwar Pathak	Padma Bhushan
award received	Pompey Factor (1849 -- March 29, 1928) was a Black Seminole who served as a United States Army Indian Scout and received America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Indian Wars of the Western United States.	Pompey Factor	Medal of Honor
award received	Endre Fejes (15 September 1923 -- 25 August 2015) was a Kossuth Prize and Attila József Prize-winning Hungarian author, and a founding member of the Digital Literary Academy, with his literary works often based on working life.	Endre Fejes	Kossuth Prize
award received	Michael Sleavon VC (1826 Magheraculmoney, County Fermanagh -- 15 August 1902, Dromard, County Sligo) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross.	Michael Sleavon	Victoria Cross
award received	Kavita Oberoi became an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), in the Queen's 2014 Birthday Honors List, for services to Entrepreneurship and Start-Up Businesses.	Kavita Oberoi	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Carl von Ossietzky (3 October 1889 -- 4 May 1938) was a German pacifist and the recipient of the 1935 Nobel Peace Prize for his work in exposing the clandestine German re-armament.	Carl von Ossietzky	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	For her wartime activity Peggy Knight was later awarded high British, French, and American honors, including appointment as a member of the The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, the Croix de guerre, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom.	Peggy Knight	Presidential Medal of Freedom
award received	Jean-Baptiste Philibert Vaillant, 1st Comte Vaillant (6 December 1790 -- 4 June 1872), born in Dijon, was a Marshal of France.	Jean-Baptiste Philibert Vaillant	Marshal of France
award received	Chutima Naiyana (Thai: ชุติมา นัยนา), nicknamed Ae (Thai: เอ้) (born August 10, 1967 in Chonburi, Thailand) is Miss Thailand 1987.	Chutima Naiyana	Miss Thailand
award received	11 August 1942 - Member of the Order of the British Empire Lieutenant Peter Gerald Charles Dickens, Royal Navy - For bravery and devotion to duty.	Peter Gerald Charles Dickens	Member of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Franz Kleffner (2 July 1907 -- 16 March 1945) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Franz Kleffner	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Metin Yurdanur (born 1951) is a Turkish sculptor, who was awarded the title State Artist of Turkey.	Metin Yurdanur	State Artist
award received	Mikhail Golubev (born 30 May 1970, Odessa) is a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster (1996), journalist and author.	Mikhail Golubev	Grandmaster
award received	Thomas Heatherwick has won numerous design awards including the Prince Philip Designers Prize (2006), the London Design Medal (2010), the RIBA Lubetkin Prize (2010) for the UK Pavilion.	Thomas Heatherwick	Prince Philip Designers Prize
cast member	Gunshy is an American 1998 crime drama film directed by Jeff Celentano and starring William Petersen, Michael Wincott, and Diane Lane.	Gunshy	William Petersen	Michael Wincott	Diane Lane
cast member	Ask a Policeman is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel which stars Will Hay, Moore Marriott and Graham Moffatt.	Ask a Policeman	Will Hay	Moore Marriott	Graham Moffatt
cast member	Hero Wanted is a 2008 American thriller film directed by Brian Smrz in his directorial debut, and starring Cuba Gooding, Jr., Ray Liotta, Kim Coates, and Norman Reedus.	Hero Wanted	Cuba Gooding, Jr.	Ray Liotta	Kim Coates	Norman Reedus
cast member	Queen of Media is an unreleased American drama film, directed by Furqaan Clover, starring Robin Givens.	Queen of Media	Robin Givens
cast member	Angel in My Pocket is a 1969 film starring Andy Griffith and directed by Alan Rafkin.	Angel in My Pocket	Andy Griffith
cast member	Z7 Operation Rembrandt (German: Rembrandt 7 antwortet nicht..., Italian: Mark Donen - Agente Zeta 7, Spanish: Z-7, operación Rembrandt) is a 1966 German-Italian-Spanish Eurospy film written and directed by Giancarlo Romitelli and starring Lang Jeffries.	Z7 Operation Rembrandt	Lang Jeffries
cast member	Mischievous Susana (Spanish:La pícara Susana) is a 1945 Mexican musical comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and Zacarías Gómez Urquiza and starring Mapy Cortés, Luis Aldás and Fernando Cortés.	Mischievous Susana	Mapy Cortés
cast member	The Yellow Foal (Hungarian: Sárga csikó) is a 1913 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Félix Vanyl and starring Lili Berky, Gyula Nagy and Victor Varconi.	The Yellow Foal	Lili Berky	Gyula Nagy	Victor Varconi
cast member	The Lovers of Lisbon is a 1955 French drama film directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Daniel Gélin, Françoise Arnoul Trevor Howard and Betty Stockfeld.	The Lovers of Lisbon	Daniel Gélin	Françoise Arnoul Trevor Howard	Betty Stockfeld
cast member	Racketeers in Exile is a 1937 American crime film directed by Erle C. Kenton and starring George Bancroft, Evelyn Venable and Wynne Gibson.	Racketeers in Exile	George Bancroft
cast member	Paths of Faith (Spanish:Senderos de fe) is a 1938 Argentine drama film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Amanda Ledesma, Floren Delbene and Pedro Maratea.	Paths of Faith	Amanda Ledesma
cast member	Lovers in Araby is a 1924 British silent adventure film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Annette Benson, Miles Mander and Norman Penrose.	Lovers in Araby	Annette Benson	Miles Mander
cast member	I Spit on Your Rave was the title for a planned 2010 film production by Film4 and Warp Films, who in 2009 released a trailer to promote their mockumentary zombie comedy horror film starring Noel Fielding.	I Spit on Your Rave	Noel Fielding
cast member	Fiston is a 2014 French comedy film, directed by Pascal Bourdiaux and starring Franck Dubosc and Kev Adams.	Fiston	Franck Dubosc	Kev Adams
cast member	Rich Hall's Fishing Show is a comedy programme written by and starring Rich Hall and Mike Wilmot.	Rich Hall's Fishing Show	Mike Wilmot
cast member	The Killing Room is a 2009 psychological thriller film directed by Jonathan Liebesman and starring Chloë Sevigny, Nick Cannon, and Timothy Hutton.	The Killing Room	Chloë Sevigny	Nick Cannon	Timothy Hutton
cast member	Tuckerville is the television series that first aired on TLC in 2005 about the life of Tanya Tucker and her three children;	Tuckerville	Tanya Tucker
cast member	Yugant (English: What the Sea Said) is a 1995 Bengali movie directed by Aparna Sen. The movie featured Anjan Dutt and Rupa Ganguly.	Yugant	Anjan Dutt
cast member	Michael Shayne, Private Detective is a 1940 American mystery film directed by Eugene Forde and starring Lloyd Nolan, Marjorie Weaver and Joan Valerie.	Michael Shayne, Private Detective	Lloyd Nolan
cast member	Battle of Greed is a 1937 American western film directed by Howard Higgin and starring Tom Keene, Gwynne Shipman and James Bush.	Battle of Greed	Tom Keene
cast member	Odd Job Jack is a Canadian animated sitcom television show featuring Don McKellar, about one man's misadventures in temporary employment.	Odd Job Jack	Don McKellar
cast member	Aap Ke Saath is a 1986 Hindi language movie produced & directed by J. Om Prakash, starring Anil Kapoor, Vinod Mehra, Smita Patil, Rati Agnihotri, and Amrish Puri.	Aap Ke Saath	Anil Kapoor
cast member	The Abdication is a 1974 British historical drama film directed by Anthony Harvey and starring Peter Finch, Liv Ullmann, Cyril Cusack, Graham Crowden and James Faulkner.	The Abdication	Peter Finch	Liv Ullmann	Cyril Cusack	Graham Crowden
cast member	MGR Nagaril is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Alleppey Ashraf, starring Anand Babu, Sukanya, Vivek, Charle, Pandiyan, Shankar, Napoleon, S. S. Chandran and Sumithra.	MGR Nagaril	Anand Babu	Sukanya	Vivek	Charle	Napoleon	S. S. Chandran	Sumithra
cast member	Den store barnedåpen (English: The great christening) is a 1931 Norwegian comedy film directed by Tancred Ibsen, starring Einar Sissener, Aase Bye and Agnete Schibsted-Hansson.	Den store barnedåpen	Einar Sissener	Aase Bye
cast member	Please Help the Pore (also known as Please Help the Poor) is a 1912 American silent short drama starring William Garwood, Riley Chamberlin, Mignon Anderson and Marie Eline.	Please Help the Pore	William Garwood	Riley Chamberlin	Mignon Anderson	Marie Eline
cast member	His Only Son is a 1912 American short silent Western film directed by Jack Conway and Milton H. Fahrney.	His Only Son	Jack Conway
cast member	Trop c'est trop (Too Much Is Too Much) is a French comedy film directed by Didier Kaminka in 1975 Didier (Kaminka), Philippe (Ogouz) and Georges (Beller) were born the same day at the same hour in the same room as the war was ending.	Trop c'est trop	Didier Kaminka	Didier (Kaminka	Philippe (Ogouz	Georges (Beller
cast member	The Private Eye Blues is a 1994 Hong Kong crime film written, edited and directed by Eddie Fong and starring Jacky Cheung, Kathy Chow and Mavis Fan.	The Private Eye Blues	Jacky Cheung
cast member	Going Spanish (1934) is an American short comedy film featuring the film debut of Bob Hope and directed by Al Christie.	Going Spanish	Bob Hope
cast member	National Lampoon's Bag Boy is a 2007 comedy film directed by Mort Nathan, starring Dennis Farina, Paul Campbell and Marika Dominczyk.	National Lampoon's Bag Boy	Dennis Farina
cast member	Comedy of the Heart (German:Komödie des Herzens) is a 1924 German silent romance film directed by Rochus Gliese and starring Lil Dagover, Nigel Barrie and Alexander Murski.	Comedy of the Heart	Lil Dagover
cast member	Out-of-Sync is a 1995 crime drama film featuring LL Cool J in his first starring role.	Out-of-Sync	LL Cool J
cast member	Adhyayam Onnu Muthal (English: From Chapter One) is a 1985 Malayalam drama film written by John Paul, directed by Sathyan Anthikad and starring Madhavi, Mohanlal, Soman, Balan K. Nair and Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Venu Nagavalli and Bahadur.	Adhyayam Onnu Muthal	Madhavi	Mohanlal	Balan K. Nair	Kaviyoor Ponnamma
cast member	Naukar Biwi Ka is a 1983 Hindi movie starring Dharmendra, Anita Raj, Reena Roy, Vinod Mehra, Raj Babbar and Om Prakash.	Naukar Biwi Ka	Dharmendra	Anita Raj	Reena Roy
cast member	Atlantic Ferry (alternate U.S. title: Sons of the Sea) is a 1941 British film starring Michael Redgrave and Valerie Hobson.	Atlantic Ferry	Michael Redgrave	Valerie Hobson
cast member	Le Pavillon brûle (English: The Pavilion burns) is a French comedy drama film from 1941, directed by Jacques de Baroncelli, written by Solange Térac, starring Pierre Renoir and Jean Marais.	Le Pavillon brûle	Pierre Renoir	Jean Marais
cast member	Tickle Me is a 1965 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley as a champion rodeo bull-rider and bronco-buster.	Tickle Me	Elvis Presley
cast member	Kana Kanmani is a 2009 family horror film by Akku Akbar starring Jayaram and Padmapriya.	Kana Kanmani	Jayaram
cast member	Her Marriage Lines is a 1917 British silent crime film directed by Frank Wilson and starring Stewart Rome, Chrissie White and Violet Hopson.	Her Marriage Lines	Chrissie White
cast member	Public Deb No. 1 (or Elsa Maxwell's Public Deb No. 1) is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring George Murphy, Brenda Joyce and Ralph Bellamy.	Public Deb No. 1	George Murphy
cast member	Deadly Desire is a 1991 made-for-TV thriller film directed by Charles Corell and starring Jack Scalia, Kathryn Harrold, and Will Patton.	Deadly Desire	Jack Scalia	Kathryn Harrold	Will Patton
cast member	Ravager (film) is a 1997 horror/science fiction film written and directed by James D Deck and starring Bruce Payne, Yancy Butler, Juliet Landau and Robin Sachs.	Ravager (film)	Bruce Payne	Yancy Butler	Juliet Landau	Robin Sachs
cast member	Souls in Pawn is a 1917 American silent spy-drama film directed by Henry King and starring Gail Kane.	Souls in Pawn	Gail Kane
cast member	Dil (translation: Heart) is a 1990 Indian Hindi romantic drama film starring Madhuri Dixit, Aamir Khan, Anupam Kher and Saeed Jaffrey.	Dil	Madhuri Dixit	Aamir Khan	Anupam Kher	Saeed Jaffrey
cast member	The King on Main Street is a 1925 silent film romantic comedy directed by Monta Bell, released by Paramount Pictures, and starring Adolphe Menjou and Bessie Love.	The King on Main Street	Adolphe Menjou	Bessie Love
cast member	Thazhampoo is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role K. R. Vijaya, Nagesh.	Thazhampoo	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	The Easy Road stars Thomas Meighan, Gladys George, Grace Goodall, Arthur Edmund Carewe, Lila Lee, Laura Anson, and Viora Daniel.	The Easy Road	Thomas Meighan
cast member	The Little Cowboy (originally titled Küçük Kovboy) is a 1973 Turkish western film, directed by Guido Zurli, starring Cüneyt Arkın.	The Little Cowboy	Cüneyt Arkın
cast member	Murder by an Aristocrat is a 1936 American mystery film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Lyle Talbot, Marguerite Churchill and Claire Dodd.	Murder by an Aristocrat	Lyle Talbot
cast member	Decoding Deepak is a 2012 feature-length documentary film directed by Gotham Chopra about his father Deepak Chopra.	Decoding Deepak	Deepak Chopra
cast member	Reasonable Doubts is primarily about the working relationship between Assistant District Attorney Tess Kaufman (Marlee Matlin), a prosecutor very sensitive to the rights of the accused, and hard-charging, gruff Detective Dicky Cobb (Mark Harmon), an old-fashioned cop with a ``bust-the-perps'' attitude.	Reasonable Doubts	Marlee Matlin	Mark Harmon
cast member	Adam and Evelyne, released in the U.S. as Adam and Evalyn, is a 1949 romance film starring Stewart Granger and Jean Simmons.	Adam and Evelyne	Stewart Granger	Jean Simmons
cast member	Kabaddi Once Again is a Punjabi film starring Varinder Singh Ghuman, Sudeepa Singh, Jaswinder Bhalla, Binnu Dhillon & Nachhatar Gill.	Kabaddi Once Again	Varinder Singh Ghuman
cast member	Dangerously They Live is a 1941 American World War II spy film directed by Robert Florey, and starring John Garfield, Nancy Coleman and Raymond Massey.	Dangerously They Live	John Garfield	Nancy Coleman	Raymond Massey
cast member	The Bell Hop is a 1921 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	The Bell Hop	Oliver Hardy
cast member	The Lure of the Sawdust is a 1914 American silent drama short directed by Tom Ricketts starring Charlotte Burton, George Field, Ed Coxen, Edith Borella, Ida Lewis and John Steppling.	The Lure of the Sawdust	Charlotte Burton
cast member	Welcome to 18 (also titled Summer Release) is a 1986 American coming of age comedy-drama film starring Mariska Hargitay, Courtney Thorne-Smith and JoAnn Willette.	Welcome to 18	Mariska Hargitay	Courtney Thorne-Smith	JoAnn Willette
cast member	Rajmohol is a 2005 Bengali film starring Prosenjit Chatterjee, Abhishek Chatterjee, Anu Choudhury, Rachana Banerjee, Biplab Chatterjee, Subhasish Mukherjee, and Bharat Kaul.	Rajmohol	Prosenjit Chatterjee	Abhishek Chatterjee	Anu Choudhury	Rachana Banerjee	Biplab Chatterjee
cast member	The Wolf Woman is a 1916 silent era drama motion picture starring Louise Glaum, Howard C. Hickman, and Charles Ray.	The Wolf Woman	Louise Glaum	Charles Ray
cast member	Frankfurters and Quail is a 1912 American silent short drama starring William Garwood.	Frankfurters and Quail	William Garwood
cast member	Got 2 Believe is a romantic-comedy film starring Claudine Barretto who plays a wedding planner and the late Rico Yan playing a wedding photographer.	Got 2 Believe	Claudine Barretto
cast member	Nearly a Nasty Accident is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Jimmy Edwards, Kenneth Connor, Shirley Eaton and Eric Barker.	Nearly a Nasty Accident	Jimmy Edwards	Kenneth Connor	Shirley Eaton	Eric Barker
cast member	Pretty and shy young Georgia farmgirl Claudelle Inglish (Diane McBain), the daughter of a poor sharecropper Clyde Inglish (Arthur Kennedy) and his wife Jessie (Constance Ford), starts dating the poor neighbor, handsome farmboy Linn Varner (Chad Everett) during the spring of their senior year in high school.	Claudelle Inglish	Chad Everett
cast member	A Life in the Balance is a 1955 American-Mexican thriller film directed by Harry Horner and Rafael Portillo and starring Ricardo Montalban, Anne Bancroft and Lee Marvin.	A Life in the Balance	Anne Bancroft	Lee Marvin
cast member	Stranger in Our House (also released as Summer of Fear) is a 1978 made-for-television horror film directed by Wes Craven and starring Linda Blair.	Stranger in Our House	Linda Blair
cast member	Sowbhagyam is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Sandhya Mohan and starring Sunitha and Jagadish in lead roles.	Sowbhagyam	Jagadish
cast member	Left in Darkness is a 2006 horror film produced by IDT Entertainment, and Soul Eaters Productions Inc. The film stars Monica Keena, David Anders, Jessica Stroup, and Travis Van Winkle.	Left in Darkness	Monica Keena	David Anders	Jessica Stroup	Travis Van Winkle
cast member	L'aube à l'envers is a 1995 French short film written and directed by Sophie Marceau and starring Judith Godrèche, Jerzy Gralek, and Anna Nehrebecka.	L'aube à l'envers	Judith Godrèche	Anna Nehrebecka
cast member	The Make-Believe Wife is a lost 1918 American silent comedy film starring Billie Burke and directed by John S. Robertson.	The Make-Believe Wife	Billie Burke
cast member	Hum Se Na Takrana is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian feature film produced and directed by Deepak Bahry, starring Dharmendra, Shatrughan Sinha, Mithun Chakraborty, Kimi Katkar, Leena Das, Ranjeet and Master Bhagwan	Hum Se Na Takrana	Dharmendra	Shatrughan Sinha	Mithun Chakraborty	Kimi Katkar
cast member	Welcome to Mooseport is a 2004 American-German romantic comedy film directed by Donald Petrie and starring Ray Romano, in his first full-length live-action film, and Gene Hackman.	Welcome to Mooseport	Ray Romano	Gene Hackman
cast member	Khamoshi (Hindi: ख़ामोशी, Urdu: خاموشی, translation: ``Silence'') is a 1969 black-and-white Hindi drama film directed by Asit Sen, starring Rajesh Khanna and Waheeda Rehman.	Khamoshi	Rajesh Khanna	Waheeda Rehman
cast member	Unnai Thedi (Tamil: உன்னை தேடி) is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Sundar C. The film features Ajith Kumar and Malavika in the lead roles, while an ensemble supporting cast includes Karan, Vivek, Sivakumar, and Srividya.	Unnai Thedi	Ajith Kumar	Malavika	Karan	Vivek	Sivakumar
cast member	Here is My Heart is a 1934 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby, Kitty Carlisle, and Roland Young.	Here is My Heart	Bing Crosby	Kitty Carlisle	Roland Young
cast member	Don't Tell Everything is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gloria Swanson and Wallace Reid.	Don't Tell Everything	Gloria Swanson	Wallace Reid
cast member	Snakes on a Plane is a 2006 American action thriller film directed by David R. Ellis and starring Samuel L. Jackson.	Snakes on a Plane	Samuel L. Jackson
cast member	Innocents in Paris is a 1953 British-French international co-production comedy film produced by Romulus Films, directed by Gordon Parry and starring Alastair Sim, Jimmy Edwards, Claire Bloom, Margaret Rutherford, James Copeland and Ronald Shiner as Dicky Bird.	Innocents in Paris	Alastair Sim	Claire Bloom	Margaret Rutherford	Ronald Shiner
cast member	Dinner at the Ritz is a 1937 British, black-and-white, mystery romance film, directed by Harold D. Schuster and starring David Niven, Annabella, Raymond Huntley and Ronald Shiner as Sydney, the Porter.	Dinner at the Ritz	David Niven	Annabella	Raymond Huntley	Ronald Shiner
cast member	Færgekroen is a 1956 Danish film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.	Færgekroen	Dirch Passer
cast member	The Meddlin' Stranger is a lost 1927 Western film directed by Richard Thorpe and featuring Boris Karloff.	The Meddlin' Stranger	Boris Karloff
cast member	Bitter Jester is a documentary starring Maija DiGiorgio, Kenny Simmons, Jody Del Giorno and Heather McConnell.	Bitter Jester	Maija DiGiorgio
cast member	The Misadventures of Margaret is a 1998 French-British romantic comedy film directed by Brian Skeet and starring Parker Posey, Jeremy Northam and Craig Chester.	The Misadventures of Margaret	Parker Posey	Jeremy Northam	Craig Chester
cast member	A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, and Demi Moore, with Kevin Bacon, Kevin Pollak, Wolfgang Bodison, James Marshall, J. T. Walsh, and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles.	A Few Good Men	Tom Cruise	Jack Nicholson	Demi Moore	Kevin Bacon	Kevin Pollak	Wolfgang Bodison	James Marshall	J. T. Walsh	Kiefer Sutherland
cast member	The Man on the Train (French: L'homme du train) is a 2002 French crime-drama film directed by Patrice Leconte, starring Jean Rochefort and Johnny Hallyday.	The Man on the Train	Jean Rochefort	Johnny Hallyday
cast member	Indian Military Intelligence is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film, directed by TS Suresh Babu, starring Babu Antony and Murali in the lead roles.	Indian Military Intelligence	Babu Antony
cast member	The Return of Mr. Moto (aka Mr Moto and the Persian Oil Case) is a 1965 British crime film directed by Ernest Morris and starring Henry Silva, Terence Longdon, and Suzanne Lloyd.	The Return of Mr. Moto	Henry Silva
cast member	Year of Enlightment (Spanish: El Año de las Luces, and also released as The Year of the Awakening) is a 1986 Spanish film directed by Fernando Trueba, starring Jorge Sanz and Maribel Verdú.	Year of Enlightment	Jorge Sanz	Maribel Verdú
cast member	Varusham Padhinaaru is a 1989 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Fazil, starring Karthik, Kushboo, Sukumari, V. K. Ramaswamy, Janagaraj and Vadivukkarasi.	Varusham Padhinaaru	Karthik
cast member	Miss Grant Takes Richmond is a 1949 comedy film starring Lucille Ball and William Holden, directed by Lloyd Bacon and released by Columbia Pictures.	Miss Grant Takes Richmond	Lucille Ball	William Holden
cast member	Our Daughter (French: Notre fille) is a 1981 Cameroonian drama film directed by Daniel Kamwa.	Our Daughter	Daniel Kamwa
cast member	Street Society a 2014 Indonesian auto action film distributed by Ewis Pictures and directed by Awi Suryadi, starring Marcel Chandrawinata and Chelsea Islan.	Street Society	Marcel Chandrawinata
cast member	The Singer from Mexico (French:Le Chanteur de Mexico) is a French film directed by Richard Pottier starring Luis Mariano and Bourvil, released in 1957.	The Singer from Mexico	Luis Mariano	Bourvil
cast member	Angry Guest or E ke is a 1972 Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh from Hong Kong, starring David Chiang and Ti Lung, it is a sequel to Duel of Fists.	Angry Guest	David Chiang	Ti Lung
cast member	The Contessa's Secret (French: La Castiglione, Italian: La Contessa di Castiglione) is a 1954 French-Italian film starring Yvonne De Carlo as Virginia Oldoini, Countess of Castiglione.	The Contessa's Secret	Yvonne De Carlo
cast member	Juniper Jungle was a short lived cartoon series created by the British comedian Bobby Ball.	Juniper Jungle	Bobby Ball
cast member	The Man from Monterey is a 1933 American Pre-Code Western directed by Mack V. Wright and starring John Wayne.	The Man from Monterey	John Wayne
cast member	Tackle Happy also features guest appearances by Stephen Curry, Paul Hester, Tony Martin, Andrew Denton, Amanda Keller, Pete Smith and Jimeoin.	Tackle Happy	Stephen Curry
cast member	Kansas City Bomber is a 1972 American drama film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, directed by Jerrold Freedman and starring Raquel Welch.	Kansas City Bomber	Raquel Welch
cast member	Suzanne Marwille as Karla Richtrová-Sister Angelika, dancer Hugo Haas as Pavel Ryant Theodor Pistek as Prison's director Josef Rovenský Marta Trojanová Jan W. Speerger Josef Klapuch Robert Ford Frantisek V. Kucera Josef Sládek Sasa Razov	Sister Angelika	Suzanne Marwille
cast member	Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens (1979) is a satirical sexploitation film starring Kitten Natividad and Ann Marie with a cameo by Uschi Digard.	Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens	Kitten Natividad	Uschi Digard
cast member	The Man in the Back Seat is a 1961 British B-movie crime film, directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Derren Nesbitt and Keith Faulkner.	The Man in the Back Seat	Derren Nesbitt	Keith Faulkner
cast member	Eat My Dust! is a 1976 action film from New World Pictures starring Ron Howard.	Eat My Dust!	Ron Howard
cast member	Spanish Serenade (Spanish:Ronda española) is a 1952 Spanish musical film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring José Isbert and Manolo Morán.	Spanish Serenade	José Isbert
cast member	The Reality of the Virtual is a 2004 documentary film lecture by Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek.	The Reality of the Virtual	Slavoj Žižek
cast member	Dear Jack is a 2009 American documentary film starring Andrew McMahon, the vocalist, pianist and primary songwriter for the bands Something Corporate and Jack's Mannequin.	Dear Jack	Andrew McMahon
cast member	Mother Riley Meets the Vampire, also known as Vampire Over London or My Son the Vampire is a 1952 British comedy horror film directed by John Gilling, starring Arthur Lucan and Bela Lugosi that was filmed at Nettlefold Studios.	Mother Riley Meets the Vampire	Arthur Lucan
cast member	A Place to Be Loved is a 1993 American television movie with Richard Crenna and Rhea Perlman.	A Place to Be Loved	Richard Crenna	Rhea Perlman
cast member	The Gingerdead Man is a 2005 horror-comedy film starring Gary Busey.	The Gingerdead Man	Gary Busey
cast member	The Year of the Yao is a 2004 American documentary film telling the first year of basketball player Yao Ming in the United States.	The Year of the Yao	Yao Ming
cast member	The Masks of Death (1984) is a Sherlock Holmes film directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Peter Cushing as the sleuth and John Mills as Doctor Watson.	The Masks of Death	Peter Cushing	John Mills
cast member	Deepasthambham Mahascharyam (Malayalam: ദീപസ്തംഭം മഹാശ്ചര്യം) is a 1999 Malayalam film directed by K. B. Madhu starring Dileep as an Ottamthullal dancer who is caught in a love triangle with two girls.	Deepasthambham Mahascharyam	Dileep
cast member	Camp Takota is a 2014 comedy-drama film starring YouTube personalities Grace Helbig, Hannah Hart and Mamrie Hart.	Camp Takota	Grace Helbig
cast member	Petticoat Camp is a 1912 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood and Florence La Badie.	Petticoat Camp	William Garwood	Florence La Badie
cast member	The Verdict of Lake Balaton (Hungarian: Ítél a Balaton) is a 1933 Hungarian drama film directed by Pál Fejös and starring Antal Páger, Ernõ Elekes and Gyula Csortos.	The Verdict of Lake Balaton	Antal Páger	Gyula Csortos
cast member	Anbulla Kadhalukku (English: For My Dearest) is a 1999 Tamil romantic film written, produced and directed by Mohan starring Mohan himself in the lead role alongside Megha, Sangeetha and Bhavana, while Anand Babu and Delhi Ganesh appeared in other pivotal roles.	Anbulla Kadhalukku	Mohan
cast member	Parwane is a Bollywood action film released in 1993 starring Avinash Wadhavan, Siddharth, Shilpa Shirodkar and Paresh Rawal.The story is written by Tanveer Khan and music is composed by Anand-Milind	Parwane	Shilpa Shirodkar
cast member	Sykes and a Big, Big Show features situation sketches and musical numbers, performed by the singer Ian Wallace.	Sykes and a Big, Big Show	Ian Wallace
cast member	Assalto ao Banco Central (English: Central Bank Heist) is a 2011 Brazilian thriller film directed and produced by Marcos Paulo Simões, starring Milhem Cortaz, Hermilia Guedes, Eriberto leão and Lima Duarte.	Assalto ao Banco Central	Milhem Cortaz	Lima Duarte
cast member	The Scam Artist was a 2004 independent film that was meant to catapult the acting career of Kimberly Page.	The Scam Artist	Kimberly Page
cast member	Pyaar Ka Saaya (English: The Shadow of love) is a 1991 Bollywood Drama/Thriller film directed by B.Subhash and starring Rahul Roy and Sheeba.	Pyaar Ka Saaya	Rahul Roy
cast member	Inspector Shiller (Dana Elcar) and Lieutenant Hal Brubaker (Edward Grover), Baretta's supervisors.	Baretta	Dana Elcar
cast member	Lost in the Stratosphere is a 1934 American film directed by Melville W. Brown and starring William Cagney, the lookalike brother of James Cagney.	Lost in the Stratosphere	William Cagney
cast member	The Last Grenade is a 1970 British war film directed by Gordon Flemyng and starring Stanley Baker and Alex Cord as two soldiers of fortune, formerly comrades, who now find themselves on opposite sides.	The Last Grenade	Stanley Baker	Alex Cord
cast member	The Nightbirds of London is a 1915 British silent crime film directed by Frank Wilson and starring Stewart Rome, Chrissie White and Violet Hopson.	The Nightbirds of London	Chrissie White
cast member	When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth is a 1970 horror monster movie starring Victoria Vetri, set in the time of cavemen.	When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth	Victoria Vetri
cast member	Soorma Bhopali (सूरमा भोपाली), is a 1988 Hindi-language Indian feature film produced by Naved and directed by Jagdeep, who previously played Soorma Bhopali in the movie Sholay Soorma Bhopali was not a box office success but did relatively better in the state of Madhya Pradesh.	Soorma Bhopali	Jagdeep
cast member	The Last Days of Frankie the Fly is a 1996 crime noir drama film directed by Peter Markle, written by Dayton Callie and starring Dennis Hopper, Michael Madsen, Kiefer Sutherland, and Daryl Hannah.	The Last Days of Frankie the Fly	Dennis Hopper
cast member	My Mom's a Werewolf is a 1989 comedy/horror film directed by Michael Fischa, written by Mark Pirro, starring Susan Blakely and John Saxon.	My Mom's a Werewolf	Susan Blakely
cast member	The Prince and Me is a 2004 romantic comedy film directed by Martha Coolidge, and starring Julia Stiles, Luke Mably, and Ben Miller, with Miranda Richardson, James Fox, and Alberta Watson.	The Prince and Me	Julia Stiles	Luke Mably	Ben Miller	Miranda Richardson	James Fox	Alberta Watson
cast member	Ishitha Chauhan as Asha Srinivas (Asha Black) Arjun Lal as Rohit Sarath Kumar as Anwar Ali Devan as Srinivas Manoj K. Jayan as Senthil Nathan M. S. Bhaskar Anjali Aneesh Upasana Bhagath Manuel as Sidhu ``Kadhal'' Arun ``Black'' Pandi Fathima Babu as Rohit's Mother Rizabawa as Rohit's Father	Asha Black	Ishitha Chauhan
cast member	Playboy's Penthouse was an American variety/talk television show hosted by Playboy founder and then-editor/publisher Hugh Hefner.	Playboy's Penthouse	Hugh Hefner
cast member	Brun bitter (English: Brown bitter), also called Hair of the Dog, is a 1988 Norwegian crime film directed by Sølve Skagen, starring Frank Krog, Kristin Kajander and Anne Krigsvoll.	Brun bitter	Frank Krog	Anne Krigsvoll
cast member	The Affairs of Anatol is a 1921 American silent comedy-drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille, and starring Wallace Reid and Gloria Swanson.	The Affairs of Anatol	Wallace Reid	Gloria Swanson
cast member	Baby Sellers is a TV film starring Jennifer Finnigan, Kirstie Alley and Arjun Gupta exposing the dark world of international baby trafficking.	Baby Sellers	Jennifer Finnigan
cast member	Lonesome Luke Leans to the Literary is a 1916 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.	Lonesome Luke Leans to the Literary	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Mabel's Awful Mistakes is a 1913 film starring Mabel Normand and directed by Mack Sennett.	Mabel's Awful Mistakes	Mabel Normand	Mack Sennett
cast member	Akashadoothu is a 1993 Malayalam-language drama film, directed by Sibi Malayil with Madhavi and Murali in lead roles.	Akashadoothu	Madhavi	Murali
cast member	The Perfect Holiday is a 2007 family comedy film starring Gabrielle Union, Morris Chestnut, and Terrence Howard and is produced by Academy Award-nominated actress Queen Latifah, who also narrates the movie.	The Perfect Holiday	Gabrielle Union	Morris Chestnut	Terrence Howard	Queen Latifah
cast member	Gehrayee (Hindi: गहऱायी) is a 1980 Indian film directed by Vikas Desai and Aruna Raje based on a script by Vijay Tendulkar, Desai and Raje, and starring Padmini Kolhapure, Sriram Lagoo, Anant Nag and Indrani Mukherjee with Amrish Puri in a guest appearance.	Gehrayee	Padmini Kolhapure
cast member	Meri Pyaari Bahania Banegi Dulhania is a 2001 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Jayant Gilatar, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rajeshwari Sachdev and Vishwajeet Pradhan.	Meri Pyaari Bahania Banegi Dulhania	Mithun Chakraborty	Rajeshwari Sachdev	Vishwajeet Pradhan
cast member	Üç Korkusuz Arkadaş is a 1966 Turkish war drama film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Tanju Gürsu, Nilüfer Aydan and Kuzey Vargin.	Üç Korkusuz Arkadaş	Tanju Gürsu
cast member	The Green Temptation is a lost 1922 American silent melodrama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Betty Compson.	The Green Temptation	Betty Compson
cast member	Def by Temptation is a 1990 American horror film written, produced, and directed by James Bond III and stars Bond, Kadeem Hardison, Samuel L. Jackson, and Bill Nunn.	Def by Temptation	Kadeem Hardison	Samuel L. Jackson	Bill Nunn
cast member	Cross of Iron is a British-German 1977 war film directed by Sam Peckinpah, featuring James Coburn, Maximilian Schell, James Mason and David Warner.	Cross of Iron	James Coburn	Maximilian Schell	James Mason	David Warner
cast member	Dheena is a 2001 Indian Tamil action film directed by AR Murugadoss, starring Ajith Kumar, Suresh Gopi and Laila in lead roles.	Dheena	Ajith Kumar	Suresh Gopi
cast member	Mafia Connection (Italian: E venne il giorno dei limoni neri, also known as Black Lemons) is a 1970 Italian crime film written and directed by Camillo Bazzoni and starring Antonio Sabàto, Peter Carsten and Florinda Bolkan.	Mafia Connection	Antonio Sabàto	Peter Carsten	Florinda Bolkan
cast member	Tiger in the Smoke is a 1956 British crime film directed by Roy Ward Baker (billed as Roy Baker) and starring Donald Sinden, Muriel Pavlow, Tony Wright, Bernard Miles and Christopher Rhodes.	Tiger in the Smoke	Donald Sinden	Muriel Pavlow	Tony Wright	Bernard Miles	Christopher Rhodes
cast member	Fierrot le pou is a 1990 French 8-minute short film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz, his debut film.	Fierrot le pou	Mathieu Kassovitz
cast member	La Poison is a 1951 French comedy drama film, written and directed by Sacha Guitry, starring Michel Simon and Louis de Funès.	La Poison	Michel Simon	Louis de Funès
cast member	This Night I'll Possess Your Corpse (Portuguese: Esta Noite Encarnarei no Teu Cadáver) is a 1967 Brazilian horror film directed by José Mojica Marins.	This Night I'll Possess Your Corpse	José Mojica Marins
cast member	The Pink Diamond (German:Der rosa Diamant) is a 1926 German silent comedy drama film directed by Rochus Gliese and starring Xenia Desni, Rudolf Klein-Rogge and William Dieterle.	The Pink Diamond	Xenia Desni
cast member	Are We Done Yet? is a 2007 American family comedy film starring Ice Cube.	Are We Done Yet?	Ice Cube
cast member	Vendetta dal futuro (aka Fists of Steel, Hands of Steel, Vendetta From the Future and Atomic Cyborg) is a 1986 Italian science fiction film starring Daniel Greene, Luigi Montefiore, John Saxon and Claudio Cassinelli and directed by Sergio Martino.	Vendetta dal futuro	Daniel Greene	John Saxon	Claudio Cassinelli
cast member	Babies for Sale is a 1940 drama film starring Glenn Ford and Rochelle Hudson and directed by Charles Barton.	Babies for Sale	Glenn Ford	Rochelle Hudson
cast member	Maduve Mane (Kannada: ಮದುವೆ ಮನೆ) is a 2011 Indian Kannada language film in the romantic comedy genre starring Ganesh and Shradha Arya in the lead roles.	Maduve Mane	Ganesh
cast member	Echelon Conspiracy (formerly titled The Gift) is a 2009 American science fiction action thriller film directed by Greg Marcks and starring Shane West, Edward Burns, and Ving Rhames.	Echelon Conspiracy	Shane West	Edward Burns	Ving Rhames
cast member	Happy Days in Aranjuez (German:Die schönen Tage von Aranjuez) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Johannes Meyer and starring Brigitte Helm, Gustaf Gründgens and Wolfgang Liebeneiner.	Happy Days in Aranjuez	Brigitte Helm
cast member	Dayman Ma`ak (Arabic: دايما معاك‎, English: Always With You) is a 1954 Egyptian musical comedy romance film directed and co-written by Henry Barakat and starring Mohamed Fawzi, Salah Nazmi, Faten Hamama, and Abdel Waress Assar.	Dayman Ma`ak	Mohamed Fawzi
cast member	Portland Exposé is a 1957 American film noir directed by Harold Schuster and starring Edward Binns, Carolyn Craig, and Virginia Gregg.	Portland Exposé	Edward Binns
cast member	The Imaginary Baron (German:Der Juxbaron) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Reinhold Schünzel and Marlene Dietrich.	The Imaginary Baron	Reinhold Schünzel
cast member	Fancypants is a 2011 film directed by Joshua Russell and starring Patrick Gleason, Roddy Piper, and Robert Carradine.	Fancypants	Roddy Piper	Robert Carradine
cast member	The Tripper is a 2006 slasher film which was directed by David Arquette and stars Jaime King, Thomas Jane and Lukas Haas.	The Tripper	David Arquette	Jaime King	Thomas Jane	Lukas Haas
cast member	Lady Paname was a 1950 drama film, directed and written by Henri Jeanson, and starring Louis Jouvet, Suzy Delair, Henri Guisol and Henri Crémieux.	Lady Paname	Louis Jouvet	Suzy Delair	Henri Guisol	Henri Crémieux
cast member	A Force of One is a 1979 martial arts film starring Chuck Norris, Jennifer O'Neill, Ron O'Neal, Clu Gulager and Bill Wallace.	A Force of One	Chuck Norris	Jennifer O'Neill	Ron O'Neal	Clu Gulager	Bill Wallace
cast member	Lurking in Suburbia is a 2006 comedy film written and directed by Mitchell Altieri, produced by Altieri and Phil Flores, and stars Joe Egender, Samuel Child, Ari Zaragis, and Buffy Charlet.	Lurking in Suburbia	Joe Egender
cast member	Majestic Hotel Cellars is a 1945 French film based on the Maigret novel Maigret and the Hotel Majestic starring Albert Préjean.	Majestic Hotel Cellars	Albert Préjean
cast member	Koi Mere Dil Se Poochhe is a Bollywood romance/thriller movie directed by Vinay Shukla released on 11 January 2002, starring Aftab Shivdasani and introducing Esha Deol, the daughter of famous actors Dharmendra and Hema Malini, in the lead roles.	Koi Mere Dil Se Poochhe	Aftab Shivdasani	Esha Deol
cast member	Koko Flanel is a Belgian comedy movie directed by Stijn Coninx starring Urbanus, Bea Van Der Maat, Willeke van Ammelrooy, Herbert Flack and Ann Petersen.	Koko Flanel	Urbanus	Willeke van Ammelrooy	Herbert Flack	Ann Petersen
cast member	Mystic Pizza is a 1988 American coming-of-age film directed by Donald Petrie, and stars Annabeth Gish, Julia Roberts and Lili Taylor.	Mystic Pizza	Annabeth Gish	Julia Roberts	Lili Taylor
cast member	Life with Roger starred Mike O'Malley as Roger Hoyt, a formerly suicidal homeless young man dissuaded from jumping off of a bridge by Jason Fuller (Maurice Godin), a man whose car had coincidentally broken down on the bridge just before Roger could complete his planned jump.	Life with Roger	Mike O'Malley	Maurice Godin
cast member	A Reno Divorce was a 1927 American silent romantic drama film produced and distributed by Warner Bros., Ralph Graves wrote, directed and stars in this film which was the last of the five films he ever directed.	A Reno Divorce	Ralph Graves
cast member	Magnum, P.I. is an American crime drama television series starring Tom Selleck as Thomas Magnum, a private investigator living on Oahu, Hawaii.	Magnum, P.I.	Tom Selleck
cast member	The Thrill of It All (1963) is a romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison starring Doris Day, James Garner, Arlene Francis, and ZaSu Pitts.	The Thrill of It All	Doris Day	James Garner	Arlene Francis	ZaSu Pitts
cast member	The Wound (Turkish: Yara) is a 1998 international co-production drama film, written, produced and directed by Yılmaz Arslan, starring Yelda Reynaud as a young Turkish emigrant who is forcibly repatriated by her own family.	The Wound	Yelda Reynaud
cast member	Dark Hazard is 1934 American drama film starring Edward G. Robinson and directed by Alfred E. Green.	Dark Hazard	Edward G. Robinson
cast member	Las delicias del poder (``The Delights of Power'') is a 1999 Mexican political satire comedy film directed by Iván Lipkies starring María Elena Velasco as La India María with Ernesto Gómez Cruz, Irma Dorantes, and Adalberto Martínez.	Las delicias del poder	Ernesto Gómez Cruz	Irma Dorantes	Adalberto Martínez
cast member	Blood on Wolf Mountain starred actresses Li Lili, and Lan Ping (who later in life would adopt the name Jiang Qing and gain notoriety as the wife of Mao Zedong and a member of the Gang of Four).	Blood on Wolf Mountain	Jiang Qing
cast member	Memory Run, also known as Synapse, is a 1995 action film set in the year 2015, starring Karen Duffy.	Memory Run	Karen Duffy
cast member	Oh My G! is a 2015 Philippine drama television series directed by Veronica B. Velasco, starring Janella Salvador, Marlo Mortel and Manolo Pedrosa.	Oh My G!	Janella Salvador	Marlo Mortel	Manolo Pedrosa
cast member	A Month by the Lake is a 1995 romantic comedy starring Vanessa Redgrave, Edward Fox and Uma Thurman.	A Month by the Lake	Vanessa Redgrave	Edward Fox	Uma Thurman
cast member	Children, Mother, and the General (German: Kinder, Mütter und ein General, and also released as Sons, Mothers, and a General) is a 1955 West German war film directed by László Benedek and starring Hilde Krahl.	Children, Mother, and the General	Hilde Krahl
cast member	Mission Istaanbul is a 2008 action thriller film starring Vivek Oberoi, Shriya Saran and Zayed Khan.	Mission Istaanbul	Vivek Oberoi	Shriya Saran	Zayed Khan
cast member	The Murderer Dimitri Karamazov (German: Der Mörder Dimitri Karamasoff) is a 1931 German drama film directed by Erich Engels and Fedor Ozep, starring Fritz Kortner and Anna Sten.	The Murderer Dimitri Karamazov	Fritz Kortner	Anna Sten
cast member	Thacholi Varghese Chekavar is a 1995 Malayalam action film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar starring Mohanlal and Urmila Matondkar in lead roles.	Thacholi Varghese Chekavar	Mohanlal	Urmila Matondkar
cast member	Sister Veronika (German:Schwester Veronika) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Aud Egede-Nissen, Paul Richter and Hilde Maroff.	Sister Veronika	Aud Egede-Nissen
cast member	Helen of Four Gates (1920) is a British silent film melodrama, directed by cinema pioneer Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor (in a dual role as mother and daughter), James Carew and Gerald Ames.	Helen of Four Gates	Alma Taylor	James Carew	Gerald Ames
cast member	Continuing to investigate the case through a partnership with local private eye ``Pinky'' Farrell (David Huddleston), McQ learns that Santiago has assembled a heist team to steal the confiscated heroin and cocaine from the police department's evidence vault.	McQ	David Huddleston
cast member	The Inseparables is a 1929 British silent romance film directed by Adelqui Migliar and John Stafford and starring Elissa Landi, Patrick Aherne and Annette Benson.	The Inseparables	Elissa Landi	Annette Benson
cast member	Paid in Error is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and featuring George Carney, Lillian Christine and Tom Helmore.	Paid in Error	George Carney
cast member	Meet Me in Las Vegas (1956) is an MGM musical comedy produced by Joe Pasternak, directed by Roy Rowland, filmed in Eastman Color (credited as Metrocolor) and CinemaScope, and starring Dan Dailey and Cyd Charisse.	Meet Me in Las Vegas	Dan Dailey	Cyd Charisse
cast member	The Sword of Granada (Spanish:El corazón y la espada) is a 1953 Mexican historical adventure film directed by Edward Dein and Carlos Véjar hijo and starring Cesar Romero, Katy Jurado and Rebeca Iturbide.	The Sword of Granada	Cesar Romero
cast member	Through the Eyes of a Killer is a 1992 thriller film starring Richard Dean Anderson and Marg Helgenberger.	Through the Eyes of a Killer	Marg Helgenberger
cast member	Park Benches (French: Bancs Publics (Versailles rive droite)) is a 2009 French film directed by Bruno Podalydès, with an all-star cast.	Park Benches	Bruno Podalydès
cast member	The Third Way of Love (Chinese: 第三种爱情) is a 2015 Chinese romance film directed by John H. Lee and starring Liu Yifei and Song Seung-heon.	The Third Way of Love	Liu Yifei
cast member	Bret Maverick is a 1981-82 American Western television series starring James Garner in the role that made him famous in the 1957 series created by Roy Huggins and entitled Maverick: a professional poker player traveling alone year after year through the Old West from riverboat to saloon.	Bret Maverick	James Garner
cast member	Parole, Inc. is a 1948 American Film Noir film directed by Alfred Zeisler and featuring Michael O'Shea, Turhan Bey, Evelyn Ankers and Virginia Lee.	Parole, Inc.	Michael O'Shea	Turhan Bey	Evelyn Ankers	Virginia Lee
cast member	Lethal Weapon 3 is a 1992 American buddy cop action comedy film directed and produced by Richard Donner, and starring Mel Gibson, Danny Glover, Joe Pesci, Rene Russo and Stuart Wilson.	Lethal Weapon 3	Mel Gibson	Danny Glover	Joe Pesci	Rene Russo	Stuart Wilson
cast member	Under Your Hat is a 1940 British musical comedy spy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Jack Hulbert, Cicely Courtneidge and Austin Trevor.	Under Your Hat	Jack Hulbert
cast member	Lunch Wagon (also known as Lunch Wagon Girls) is a 1981 sex comedy starring Pamela Jean Bryant, Rosanne Katon, and Candy Moore.	Lunch Wagon	Rosanne Katon	Candy Moore
cast member	When the Gods Fall Asleep (Portuguese: Quando os Deuses Adormecem) is a 1972 Brazilian film directed by José Mojica Marins.	When the Gods Fall Asleep	José Mojica Marins
cast member	Girl from Hong Kong (German:Bis zum Ende aller Tage) is a 1961 West German romance film directed by Franz Peter Wirth and starring Hanns Lothar, Helmut Griem and Akiko Wakabayashi.	Girl from Hong Kong	Hanns Lothar
cast member	One in the Chamber is a 2012 American action film directed by William Kaufman, and starring Cuba Gooding, Jr., and Dolph Lundgren.	One in the Chamber	Cuba Gooding, Jr.
cast member	The Story of Dr. Wassell is a 1944 American Technicolor World War II film set in the Dutch East Indies, directed by Cecil B. DeMille, and starring Gary Cooper, Laraine Day, Signe Hasso and Dennis O'Keefe.	The Story of Dr. Wassell	Gary Cooper	Laraine Day	Signe Hasso	Dennis O'Keefe
cast member	Rasikan is a 2004 Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose and written by Murali Gopy starring Dileep, Murali Gopy, Biju Menon and debutante Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles.	Rasikan	Dileep	Samvrutha Sunil
cast member	Father Radetzky (German:Vater Radetzky) is a 1929 Austrian war film directed by Karl Leiter and starring Karl Forest, Otto Hartmann and Theodor Pistek.	Father Radetzky	Karl Forest	Otto Hartmann
cast member	Triple Tap (simplified Chinese: 枪王之王; traditional Chinese: 鎗王之王) is a 2010 Hong Kong action thriller film directed by Derek Yee and starring Louis Koo and Daniel Wu.	Triple Tap	Louis Koo	Daniel Wu
cast member	Catch That Kid is a 2004 American adventure comedy film directed by Bart Freundlich and starring Kristen Stewart, Corbin Bleu, Max Thieriot, Jennifer Beals, and Sam Robards.	Catch That Kid	Kristen Stewart	Corbin Bleu	Max Thieriot	Jennifer Beals	Sam Robards
cast member	Gabriel Over the White House is a 1933 American Pre-Code film starring Walter Huston that has been variously described as a ``bizarre political fantasy'' or a ``comedy drama'' that ``is surprisingly socialist in tone (albeit veering toward National Socialism)'' and which ``posits a favorable view of fascism.''	Gabriel Over the White House	Walter Huston
cast member	Yamaho Yama (Telugu: యమహో యమ) is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sairam Shankar, Parvati Melton, Srihari and Sanjjanaa and directed by Y. Jitender.	Yamaho Yama	Sairam Shankar	Parvati Melton	Srihari	Sanjjanaa
cast member	Rent a Pocher was a German television show hosted by comedian Oliver Pocher.	Rent a Pocher	Oliver Pocher
cast member	Bamboo Boys movie tells the story of four tribals (Kalabhavan Mani, Harishree Ashokan, Cochin Haneefa and Salim Kumar) from the jungle who come to town in search of a doctor to cure their headman's wife and to win the hands of Kuduki, the headman's daughter.	Bamboo Boys	Kalabhavan Mani
cast member	Rudo y Cursi (Spanish, literally, ``Rough and Corny'') is a 2008 Mexican film starring Diego Luna, Gael García Bernal and Guillermo Francella.	Rudo y Cursi	Diego Luna	Gael García Bernal	Guillermo Francella
cast member	Jon Heder as Napoleon Dynamite Efren Ramirez as Pedro Sánchez Tina Majorino as Deb Bradshaw Aaron Ruell as Kip Dynamite Jon Gries as Rico Dynamite Haylie Duff as Summer Wheatley Emily Kennard as Trisha Jenner Shondrella Avery as LaFawnduh Lucas Sandy Martin as Grandma Diedrich Bader as Rex Trevor Snarr as Don	Napoleon Dynamite	Efren Ramirez	Tina Majorino	Aaron Ruell	Jon Gries	Haylie Duff	Shondrella Avery	Diedrich Bader
cast member	Venus of the South Seas (1924), also known as Venus of the Southern Seas, is a silent feature film starring swimmer Annette Kellerman and one of the last films made in the Prizma Color process.	Venus of the South Seas	Annette Kellerman
cast member	Ellie Parker is a 2005 American drama-comedy film, written and directed by Scott Coffey.	Ellie Parker	Scott Coffey
cast member	I Proud to Be an Indian (Hindi: एक भारतीय होने पर गर्व, Urdu: میں ہوں نہ‎) is a 2004 Bollywood action film written and directed by Puneet Sira and produced by Sohail Khan.	I Proud to Be an Indian	Sohail Khan
cast member	The Primal Call is a 1911 American short silent romance film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Wilfred Lucas and featuring Blanche Sweet.	The Primal Call	Wilfred Lucas	Blanche Sweet
cast member	Mr. Wong in Chinatown is a 1939 American mystery film directed by William Nigh and starring Boris Karloff as Mr. Wong.	Mr. Wong in Chinatown	Boris Karloff
cast member	Pallandu Vazhga (English: Live Long!) is a 1975 Indian Tamil drama film directed by K. Shankar, starring M. G. Ramachandran and Latha in the lead roles.	Pallandu Vazhga	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	John Jaffer Janardhanan is a 1982 Malayalam movie directed by I. V. Sasi, written by T. Damodaran, and starring Ratheesh, Ravindran and Mammootty.	John Jaffer Janardhanan	Ratheesh	Mammootty
cast member	Vojin Ćetković - Mane Kujundzija Katarina Radivojević - Zona Zamfirova Dragan Nikolić - Hadzi Zamfir Milena Dravić - Tasana Radmila Živković - Doka Nikola Đuričko - Perica Sloboda Mićalović - Vaska Nebojša Ilić - Manulac Branimir Brstina - Jordan Danica Maksimović - Persa Ružica Sokić - Taska Jelica Sretenovic - Kaliopa Svetlana Bojković - Jevda Ana Franić - Izmecarka Vasilija	Zona Zamfirova	Dragan Nikolić	Milena Dravić	Radmila Živković	Nikola Đuričko	Sloboda Mićalović	Nebojša Ilić	Branimir Brstina	Ružica Sokić	Svetlana Bojković	Ana Franić
cast member	Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number! is a 1966 American comedy film starring Bob Hope and Elke Sommer.	Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!	Bob Hope	Elke Sommer
cast member	Marykkundoru Kunjaadu (Mary has a little lamb) is a 2010 Malayalam comedy film directed by Shafi, starring Dileep, Bhavana and Biju Menon in the lead roles.	Marykkundoru Kunjaadu	Dileep	Bhavana	Biju Menon
cast member	Verna Felton as Elephant Matriarch, the well-meaning but pompous leader of the elephants who is initially cold towards Dumbo.	Dumbo	Verna Felton
cast member	The Scoundrel's Wife (US video title: The Home Front) is a 2002 romantic drama film directed by Glen Pitre, who co-wrote screenplay with Michelle Benoit, and starring by Tatum O'Neal.	The Scoundrel's Wife	Tatum O'Neal
cast member	The Cosmic Man is a 1959 science fiction film starring John Carradine and Bruce Bennett.	The Cosmic Man	John Carradine
cast member	Pink Bomb is a 1993 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Derek Chiu and starring an ensemble cast of Waise Lee, Lau Ching-wan, Dayo Wong, Cheung Kwok-leung, Cynthia Khan, Gloria Yip, Loletta Lee and Fennie Yuen.	Pink Bomb	Waise Lee
cast member	Flexing with Monty is a 2010 comedy-drama film and stars Trevor Goddard and Sally Kirkland.	Flexing with Monty	Trevor Goddard
cast member	Dot the i (Spain: el punto sobre la i; Argentina: Obsesión) is a 2003 psychological thriller starring Gael García Bernal, Natalia Verbeke, and James D'Arcy.	Dot the i	Gael García Bernal	Natalia Verbeke	James D'Arcy
cast member	Tujhe Meri Kasam (Hindi: तुझे मेरी कसम; Urdu: تجھے میری قسم‎; English translation: My Promise to You) is a 2003 Hindi movie starring Ritesh Deshmukh, Genelia D'Souza, Shriya Saran.	Tujhe Meri Kasam	Shriya Saran
cast member	Help Me, My Love (Italian: Amore mio aiutami) is a 1969 Commedia all'italiana film written, directed and starred by Alberto Sordi.	Help Me, My Love	Alberto Sordi
cast member	Dogpound Shuffle (also known as Spot) is a 1975 comedy film written and directed by Jeffrey Bloom and starring David Soul and Ron Moody.	Dogpound Shuffle	David Soul
cast member	Sookha (English: The Famine) is a 1983 Hindi drama film directed by M. S. Sathyu, starring Pankaj Dheer and Anant Nag.	Sookha	Pankaj Dheer
cast member	Once More, My Darling is a 1949 American comedy film directed by and starring Robert Montgomery.	Once More, My Darling	Robert Montgomery
cast member	Balram vs. Tharadas is a 2006 Malayalam crime thriller directed by I.V. Sasi, written by T. Damodaran and S. N. Swamy, and starring Mammootty and Katrina Kaif.	Balram vs. Tharadas	Mammootty	Katrina Kaif
cast member	A Very Merry Daughter of the Bride is a 2008 television movie starring Joanna García and Luke Perry.	A Very Merry Daughter of the Bride	Joanna García
continent	Lecointe Island is an elongated island, 7.27 km (4.52 mi) long between Cape Kaiser and Hvarchil Point, 2.2 km (1.4 mi) wide and 700 m (2,300 ft) high, separated from the east coast of Brabant Island by Pampa Passage, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Lecointe Island	Antarctica
continent	Howard Glacier (77°41′S 163°5′E) is a small alpine glacier just west of Crescent Glacier, flowing into Taylor Valley on the north from the Kukri Hills, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Howard Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Law-Racoviță Station (Romanian: Stația Law-Racoviță) is the first permanent Romanian station for research and exploration in Antarctica, named after the Romanian explorer Emil Racoviță and inaugurated on January 13, 2006 at the location of a station constructed in 1986 by Australia and donated to Romania.	Law-Racoviță Station	Antarctica
continent	Mount Blair (72°32′S 160°49′E) is a small but conspicuous mountain, 2,120 metres (6,960 ft) high, standing 6 nautical miles (11 km) northwest of Mount Weihaupt in the Outback Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Blair	Antarctica
continent	McCarthy Glacier (86°4′S 127°24′W) is a broad glacier at the south side of Wisconsin Plateau, Antarctica, flowing west to merge with the lower part of Olentangy Glacier before entering Reedy Glacier just southwest of Mount McNaughton.	McCarthy Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Knobhead Moraine (77°51′S 161°38′E) is a conspicuous moraine of large boulders to the north of Knobhead, Quartermain Mountains, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Knobhead Moraine	Antarctica
continent	Fry Glacier (76°38′S 162°18′E) is a glacier draining the slopes at the northeast corner of the Convoy Range and flowing along the south end of the Kirkwood Range into Tripp Bay, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Fry Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lister is a massive mountain, 4,025 metres (13,200 ft) high, forming the highest point in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lister	Antarctica
continent	Mount Mervyn (70°31′S 65°13′E) is a very sharp peak standing south of the main body of the Porthos Range in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica, about 6 nautical miles (11 km) south of Mount Kirkby.	Mount Mervyn	Antarctica
continent	Dike Cirque (83°14′S 157°57′E) is a semi-circular glacial cirque 1 nautical mile (2 km) wide in the Miller Range of Antarctica.	Dike Cirque	Antarctica
continent	Zed Islands is a small group of islands, the westernmost rising to 290 m (951 ft), lying off the northeast extremity of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica comprising four islands:	Zed Islands	Antarctica
continent	Mawson Bank (73°30′S 174°0′E) is a submarine bank in the Ross Sea off Antarctica named for British Antarctic scientist Sir Douglas Mawson.	Mawson Bank	Antarctica
continent	Mount Kathleen (83°46′S 172°48′E) is a peak about 900 metres (3,000 ft) high, being the central and highest summit of Ebony Ridge at the north end of the Commonwealth Range, Antarctica.	Mount Kathleen	Antarctica
continent	Provadiya Hook (Provadiyska Kosa \pro-va-'diy-ska ko-'sa\) is a gravel barrier spit separating the inner Yankee Harbour in Greenwich Island, Antarctica from the outer Shopski Cove and McFarlane Strait.	Provadiya Hook	Antarctica
continent	Mount Kliment Ohridski (Vrah Kliment Ohridski \'vr&h 'kli-ment 'o-hrid-ski\) is the highest ridge (1500m) in the Sofia University Mountains on Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Kliment Ohridski	Antarctica
continent	Kenfield Nunatak (73°46′S 99°3′W) is an isolated nunatak which lies about 8 nautical miles (15 km) southeast of the head of Cosgrove Ice Shelf and 17 nautical miles (31 km) east-northeast of Pryor Cliff, at the extreme northern end of the Hudson Mountains, Antarctica.	Kenfield Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Sullivan Glacier (69°42′S 70°45′W) is a glacier flowing west into Gilbert Glacier, immediately south of Elgar Uplands in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Sullivan Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ebony Wall (63°55′S 59°9′W) is a dark, nearly vertical rock wall in Antarctica, which rises about 400 metres (1,300 ft) at the head of Pettus Glacier.	Ebony Wall	Antarctica
continent	Chapman Rocks is a group of rocks in central Hero Bay on the north side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Chapman Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Harris Ledge (77°28′S 161°26′E) is a flat, ice-free ridge to the north of Mount Hercules in the Olympus Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Harris Ledge	Antarctica
continent	Krieger Peak (71°46′S 70°35′W) is a peak between Duffy Peak and The Obelisk in the central part of the Staccato Peaks, southern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Krieger Peak	Antarctica
continent	Pavlikeni Point (Nos Pavlikeni \'nos pa-vli-'ke-ni\) projects 600 m from the north coast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and is snow-free in summer.	Pavlikeni Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Exley (81°10′S 156°14′E) is a mountain at 1,980 metres (6,500 ft) in the Wallabies Nunataks, west of the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Exley	Antarctica
continent	Brazil (i/brəˈzɪl/; Portuguese: Brasil (bɾaˈziw) ), officially the Federative Republic of Brazil (Portuguese: República Federativa do Brasil, listen ), is the largest country in both South America and the Latin American region.	Brazil	South America
continent	Libois Bay (65°4′S 64°3′W) is a cove on the west side of Cholet Island which is entered between Rozo Point, the northwest end of Cholet Island, and Paumelle Point, the northwest end of Booth Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Libois Bay	Antarctica
continent	Mills Cliff (72°10′S 95°53′W) is an isolated rock cliff in the north-central part of Lofgren Peninsula, Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Mills Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Hero Inlet (64°46′S 64°4′W) is a narrow inlet at the south side of Palmer Station between Gamage Point and Bonaparte Point, along the southwest side of Anvers Island in Antarctica.	Hero Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Gjertsen Promontory (86°38′S 148°32′W) is a low but sharply rising promontory at the extremity of the spur trending north from Mount Gjertsen, in the La Gorce Mountains of Antarctica.	Gjertsen Promontory	Antarctica
continent	Mims Spur (86°2′S 125°35′W) is a prominent rock spur protruding from the southern extremity of Wisconsin Plateau, Antarctica, situated just southeast of Polygon Spur on the north side of McCarthy Glacier.	Mims Spur	Antarctica
continent	Mount Menzies is the culminating peak (3,355 m; 11,007 ft) on the large massif between Mount Mather and Mount Bayliss, standing on the south side of Fisher Glacier, Antarctica.	Mount Menzies	Antarctica
continent	Armstrong Reef is a reef that encompasses a large number of ice-free plutonic islets and rocks, extending for 9 km (6 mi) from the south-west end of Renaud Island, in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Armstrong Reef	Antarctica
continent	Endurance Glacier is a broad glacier north of Mount Elder, draining south-east to the south coast of Elephant Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica, and is the main discharge glacier on the island.	Endurance Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Inner Crater (77°32′S 167°10′E) is the topographic feature that embraces the crater within the floor of Main Crater, at the summit of Mount Erebus, Ross Island, Antarctica.	Inner Crater	Antarctica
continent	Hobbs Point (64°37′S 62°3′W) is the northeastern end of Brooklyn Island in Wilhelmina Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hobbs Point	Antarctica
continent	Kosovo (/ˈkɒsəvoʊ, ˈkoʊ-/; Albanian: Kosova; Serbian Cyrillic: Косово) is a disputed territory and partially recognised state in Southeastern Europe that declared its independence from Serbia in February 2008 as the Republic of Kosovo.	Kosovo	Europe
continent	Scott Island is a small uninhabited island of volcanic origin in the Ross Sea, Southern Ocean, 505 kilometres (310 mi) northeast of Cape Adare, the northeastern extremity of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Scott Island	Antarctica
continent	Allison Ridge (70°45′S 66°19′E) is a rock ridge, partly snow-covered, about 0.5 nautical miles (1 km) west of Mount Bunt in the Aramis Range, Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	Allison Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Harrisson Ice Rises (66°27′S 96°39′E) are a local swelling of the ice surface 12 nautical miles (22 km) west-southwest of Henderson Island, Antarctica, where the Shackleton Ice Shelf overrides an underlying obstruction.	Harrisson Ice Rises	Antarctica
continent	Harmony Point is a point which lies close west of Harmony Cove and forms the western extremity of Nelson Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Harmony Point	Antarctica
continent	Hurley Glacier (67°34′S 68°32′W) is a glacier between Mount Gaudry and Mount Liotard, flowing east into Ryder Bay, Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	Hurley Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Fivemile Rock (63°29′S 57°3′W) is a small nunatak, 375 metres (1,230 ft) high, rising just northwest of Mineral Hill on Tabarin Peninsula, Antarctica.	Fivemile Rock	Antarctica
continent	Higgins Canyon (84°47′S 114°41′W) is a steep-sided, ice-filled canyon immediately east of Schulthess Buttress, on the north side of Buckeye Table in the Ohio Range of the Horlick Mountains in Antarctica.	Higgins Canyon	Antarctica
continent	Lavoisier Island is an island 29 km (18 mi) long and 8 km (5 mi) wide, lying between Rabot and Watkins Islands in the Biscoe Islands, Antarctica.	Lavoisier Island	Antarctica
continent	Rundvågs Head (69°53′S 39°0′E), in Antarctica, is a rock headland rising to 160 metres (520 ft) at the southwest margin of Rundvåg Bay, on the southeast coast of Lutzow-Holm Bay.	Rundvågs Head	Antarctica
continent	Rainbow Ridge (78°6′S 165°24′E) is a small ridge which forms a distinct western rim to the large crater-like depression high in the central part of Brown Peninsula, in Victoria Land in Antarctica.	Rainbow Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Lake Whillans is a subglacial lake in Antarctica.	Lake Whillans	Antarctica
continent	Salash Nunatak (Bulgarian: нунатак Салаш, ``Nunatak Salash'' \'nu-na-tak 'sa-lash\) is a rocky peak of elevation 220 m in Breznik Heights projecting from the upper Wulfila Glacier on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Salash Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Vadodara has a professional cricket team, the Baroda cricket team, as well as the oldest cricket ground in Asia, called Moti Baug.	Vadodara	Asia
continent	The Lands End Nunataks (83°43′S 172°37′E) are two rock nunataks 2 nautical miles (4 km) north-northwest of Airdrop Peak at the north end of Ebony Ridge, Antarctica.	Lands End Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	King Edward VII Land or King Edward VII Peninsula is a large, ice-covered peninsula which forms the northwestern extremity of Marie Byrd Land in Antarctica.	King Edward VII Land	Antarctica
continent	The Helo Cliffs (77°30′S 167°7′E) are a set of prominent cliffs at about 3,525 metres (11,565 ft) on the north rim of the summit caldera of Mount Erebus, on Ross Island, Antarctica.	Helo Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Indonesia (i/ˌɪndəˈniːʒə/ IN-də-NEE-zhə or /ˌɪndoʊˈniːziə/ IN-doh-NEE-zee-ə; Indonesian: (ɪndonesia)), officially the Republic of Indonesia (Indonesian: Republik Indonesia (rɛpublik ɪndonesia)), is a sovereign island country in Southeast Asia and Oceania.	Indonesia	Asia
continent	Guyatt Ridge (80°38′S 29°27′W) is a ridge southwest of Wedge Ridge in the southern part of the Haskard Highlands, in the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Guyatt Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Kessler Peak (83°37′S 167°50′E) is a conspicuous cone-shaped peak, 2,180 metres (7,150 ft) high, in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica, standing at the east side of Lennox-King Glacier, 4 nautical miles (7 km) west-southwest of Mount Rotolante.	Kessler Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hartkopf is a mountain, 1,110 metres (3,640 ft) high, rising along the east side of the upper reaches of Land Glacier, 11 nautical miles (20 km) southeast of Mount McCoy, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hartkopf	Antarctica
continent	Herring Point (Bulgarian: нос Херинг, ``Nos Herring'' \'nos 'he-ring\) is a point on the north coast of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the east side of the entrance to Hersilia Cove.	Herring Point	Antarctica
continent	The Flatnes Ice Tongue is an ice tongue forming the western limit of Amanda Bay in the south-east part of Prydz Bay, Ingrid Christensen Coast, Princess Elizabeth Land, Antarctica.	Flatnes Ice Tongue	Antarctica
continent	Mamarchev Peak (Bulgarian: Мамарчев връх, ``Mamarchev Vrah'' \ma-'mar-chev 'vr&h\) is the peak rising to 2500 m in the north part of Sullivan Heights in central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and surmounting Pulpudeva Glacier to the west and Ellen Glacier to the north.	Mamarchev Peak	Antarctica
continent	Geopolitically, the Caribbean islands are usually regarded as a subregion of North America and are organized into 30 territories including sovereign states, overseas departments, and dependencies.	Caribbean	North America
continent	Kruber Rock (71°45′S 11°5′E) is a lone rock lying 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) west-northwest of the summit of Mount Flånuten on the west side of the Humboldt Mountains, in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kruber Rock	Antarctica
continent	The Auriga Nunataks (70°42′S 66°38′W) are a small group of nunataks in Palmer Land, Antarctica, located 21 miles (34 km) east of Wade Point at the head of Bertram Glacier.	Auriga Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	The Ceres Nunataks (72°3′S 70°25′W) are a group of three nunataks located immediately east of the base of Shostakovich Peninsula in southern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Ceres Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Black Glacier (71°40′S 164°42′E) is a broad tributary to the Lillie Glacier flowing northeast, marking the southeast extent of the Bowers Mountains, a major mountain range situated in the geographical location of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Black Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Coppermine Peninsula is the 1.7 km long, 500 m wide and rising to 105 m rugged rocky promontory forming the northwest extremity of Alfatar Peninsula and Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and lying between English Strait to the west and Carlota Cove to the east.	Coppermine Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Hesperides Hill (Halm Hesperides \'h&lm he-spe-'ri-des\) is a ridge linked by a saddle of elevation 52 m with the northern slopes of Atlantic Club Ridge on Hurd Peninsula, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Hesperides Hill	Antarctica
continent	Vetrov Hill (66°34′S 92°58′E) is a hill rising to 20 m, standing at the east side of the entrance to McDonald Bay on the coast of Antarctica.	Vetrov Hill	Antarctica
continent	Krout Glacier (84°53′S 172°12′W) is a tributary glacier, 4 nautical miles (7 km) long, draining the north slopes of the Prince Olav Mountains, Antarctica, between Mount Sellery and Mount Smithson and entering Gough Glacier just east of Mount Dodge.	Krout Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Dragon Beach (62°28′S 60°8′W) is a broad gravel and bounder strewn area flanking Dragon Cove, and extending up to about 10 metres (33 ft) above sea level on Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in Antarctica.	Dragon Beach	Antarctica
continent	The Gruvleflesa Knolls (71°44′S 8°50′E) are two low rock knolls rising above the glacial moraine just west of the Gruvletindane Crags, in the Kurze Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Gruvleflesa Knolls	Antarctica
continent	The Meyer Hills (79°47′S 81°6′W) are a small group of hills located between the Enterprise Hills and the head of Constellation Inlet, in the Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Meyer Hills	Antarctica
continent	Ilinden Peak (Vrah Ilinden \'vr&h 'i-lin-den\) is an ice-covered peak rising to 620 m in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island, Antarctica.	Ilinden Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Lister Heights (80°31′S 28°35′W) are rock heights on the east side of Stratton Glacier, 4 nautical miles (7 km) southwest of Flat Top in the western part of the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Lister Heights	Antarctica
continent	Sayer Nunatak is a rocky peak rising to 210 m south of Williams Point on Varna Peninsula, at the north edge of the ice cap of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Sayer Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Haslam Heights (67°25′S 67°30′W) are a line of peaks trending north-northeast--south-southwest, rising to about 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) to the west of Vallot Glacier and Nye Glacier in Arrowsmith Peninsula, Graham Land, Antarctica.	Haslam Heights	Antarctica
continent	Austskjera is a group of rocks (skerries) in Antarctica, lying close to the coast about 9 kilometres (5 nmi) east of Cape Daly, 4 kilometres (2 nmi) east-southeast of Safety Island, and 3 kilometres (1.5 nmi) east-southeast of Landmark Point.	Austskjera	Antarctica
continent	Iselin Seamount is a seamount in the southern ocean off Antarctica.	Iselin Seamount	Antarctica
continent	Mill Glacier is a tributary glacier, 10 nautical miles (19 km) wide, flowing northwest between the Dominion Range and the Supporters Range into Beardmore Glacier, Antarctica.	Mill Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Marshall Valley (78°4′S 164°12′E) is a small valley in Antarctica, ice free except for Rivard Glacier at its western head.	Marshall Valley	Antarctica
continent	McLin Glacier (71°12′S 163°27′E) is a tributary glacier which flows north of McKenzie Nunatak into Graveson Glacier, in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica.	McLin Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Knezevich Rock (76°10′S 112°0′W) is a rock outcrop on the lower part of the north slope of Mount Takahe in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Knezevich Rock	Antarctica
continent	Kennedy Cove (64°45′S 64°5′W) is a cove in Wylie Bay, Antarctica, located north of Loudwater Cove.	Kennedy Cove	Antarctica
continent	Dañobeitia Crag (Bulgarian: хълм Даньобеития, ``Halm Dañobeitia'' \'h&lm da-nyo-be-i-'ti-ya\) is the sharp rocky hill rising to 205 m on the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Dañobeitia Crag	Antarctica
continent	The Knappane Peaks (72°38′S 4°12′W) are a string of separated rock peaks just west of Nålegga Ridge, on the west side of Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Knappane Peaks	Antarctica
continent	The Kendall Rocks (63°30′S 59°49′W) are a group of pillar-shaped rocks, lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) north of Tower Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Kendall Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Enyo Glacier (77°29′S 162°1′E) is a south-flowing glacier 0.6 nautical miles (1.1 km) long situated east of Sandy Glacier in the eastern part of the Olympus Range, in the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica.	Enyo Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Kendrick (86°22′S 156°40′W) is a massive ice-covered mountain, 3,610 metres (11,840 ft) high, surmounting the east side of the Nilsen Plateau at the head of Bartlett Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Kendrick	Antarctica
continent	Mistake Peak (77°26′S 160°14′E) is a snowy peak, about 2,600 metres (8,500 ft) high, rising 3 nautical miles (6 km) west-southwest of Shapeless Mountain, at the south end of the Willett Range in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mistake Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Howard Hills (67°6′S 51°9′E) are an area of low hills and meltwater lakes south of Beaver Glacier in the northeastern part of the Scott Mountains, Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Howard Hills	Antarctica
continent	Ogled Peak (Bulgarian: връх Оглед, ``Vrah Ogled'' \'vr&h 'o-gled\) is the ice-covered peak rising to over 700 m in the north foothills of Louis-Philippe Plateau on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Ogled Peak	Antarctica
continent	Hell Gates (62°40′20.3``S 61°10′46.4''W) is a narrow (20 m wide) boat passage between the Vardim Rocks and Devils Point on Byers Peninsula, connecting Raskuporis Cove and Osogovo Bay at the southwest end of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Hell Gates	Antarctica
continent	Cape Evans is a rocky cape on the west side of Ross Island, Antarctica, forming the north side of the entrance to Erebus Bay.	Cape Evans	Antarctica
continent	The Favela Rocks (76°12′S 145°21′W) are a group of rocks at the northwest end of the Phillips Mountains, 4 nautical miles (7 km) northwest of Mount June, in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Favela Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Horseshoe Nunatak (81°52′S 158°25′E) is a horseshoe-shaped nunatak in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica, located 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Mount Hoskins on the north side of the upper portion of Starshot Glacier.	Horseshoe Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	McClary Ridge (66°55′S 64°9′W) is a small, crescent-shaped ridge 5 nautical miles (9 km) south-southeast of Mount Hayes on the south side of Cole Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	McClary Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Lientur Channel (64°50′S 63°0′W) is a channel between Lemaire Island and Bryde Island connecting Paradise Harbor with Gerlache Strait, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lientur Channel	Antarctica
continent	The British Antarctic Territory (BAT) is a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom as one of its 14 British Overseas Territories and is the largest.	British Antarctic Territory	Antarctica
continent	Léonie Island is the largest and westernmost of the Léonie Islands, 2 kilometres (1 nmi) in diameter and 455 metres (1,500 ft) high, lying in the entrance to Ryder Bay along the southeast side of Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	Léonie Island	Antarctica
continent	Mariner Hill (71°51′S 68°20′W) is a prominent snow-free conical hill, rising to about 500 metres (1,600 ft) midway between Syrtis Hill and Two Step Cliffs, situated in the southeastern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mariner Hill	Antarctica
continent	Kvithø Peak (72°29′S 1°13′E) is an isolated peak rising above the ice 7 nautical miles (13 km) southeast of Kvitkjolen Ridge, in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kvithø Peak	Antarctica
continent	Rippon Glacier is a small glacier located in Kemp Land, Australian Antarctic Territory, East Antarctica.	Rippon Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Harrington (72°45′S 168°57′E) is one of the highest peaks in the east end of the Victory Mountains, Victoria Land, Antarctica, rising to 2,610 metres (8,560 ft) on the west side of Whitehall Glacier and 5 nautical miles (9 km) southwest of Mount Northampton.	Mount Harrington	Antarctica
continent	Langhofer Island is a small ice-covered island with a rock outcrop near the south end, lying at the north edge of the Abbot Ice Shelf, Antarctica, and 1 kilometre (0.5 nmi) east of McNamara Island.	Langhofer Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount Moonie (70°13′S 65°7′E) is a mountain just south of Mount Dart and 1 nautical mile (2 km) west of Mount Cardell in the Athos Range of the Prince Charles Mountains in Antarctica.	Mount Moonie	Antarctica
continent	Cape Mackintosh is a low, ice-covered cape forming the northern tip of Kemp Peninsula and the east entrance point to Mason Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Cape Mackintosh	Antarctica
continent	Islands Point (71°28′S 169°31′E) is a high rock point separating Berg Bay and Relay Bay, lying along the west shore of Robertson Bay in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Islands Point	Antarctica
continent	Lear Spire (78°5′S 161°30′E) is a distinctive pointed spire rising to 2,470 metres (8,100 ft), 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Ugolini Peak, Colwell Massif, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lear Spire	Antarctica
continent	Harmony Cove (62°19′S 59°12′W) is a cove entered between Harmony Point and The Toe on the west side of Nelson Island, in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Harmony Cove	Antarctica
country	The Warme Bode is the right-hand headstream of the River Bode in the High Harz mountains of central Germany in the states of Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt.	Warme Bode	Germany
country	The Prince Edward Viaduct System, commonly referred to as the Bloor Viaduct, is the name of a truss arch bridge system in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that connects Bloor Street East, on the west side of the system, with Danforth Avenue on the east.	Prince Edward Viaduct	Canada
country	Prince of Wales Collegiate is a public high school located in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Prince of Wales Collegiate	Canada
country	The German Red Cross (German: Deutsches Rotes Kreuz, German pronunciation: (ˈdɔʏtʃəs ˈʁoːtəs kʁɔʏts)), or the DRK, is the national Red Cross Society in Germany.	German Red Cross	Germany
country	Ami'ad (Hebrew: עַמִּיעַד) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Ami'ad	Israel
country	Vranići (Serbian Cyrillic: Вранићи) is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia.	Vranići	Serbia
country	The Arrondissement of Ostend (Dutch: Arrondissement Oostende; French: Arrondissement d'Ostende) is one of the eight administrative arrondissements in the Province of West Flanders, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Ostend	Belgium
country	La Pitié is a chapel in the commune of Mellionnec in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in north-western France.	La Pitié	France
country	Philippine Standard Time (Filipino: Pamantayang Oras ng Pilipinas, abbreviated PST), also known as Philippine Time (PHT) and informally Juan Time, is the official name for the time in the Philippines.	Philippine Standard Time	Philippines
country	Distinction of the town is the Sirpur Paper Mills, one of the biggest paper mills in India and hence the name Sirpur Kagaznagar.Hyderabad Airport is the nearest airport.Sirpur Town Railway Station and Sirpur Kagaznagar Railway Station serve the town.	Sirpur	India
country	Bungulu is a commune of the city of Beni in North Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Bungulu	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Nabi Allah (Persian: نبي اله‎‎, also Romanized as Nabī Āllah) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nabi Allah	Iran
country	Miłosław (mʲiˈwɔswaf) (German: Liebenstädt) is a town in Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,627 inhabitants.	Miłosław	Poland
country	Smíchov (German: Smichow) is (since 1909) a district of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic, and is part of Prague 5.	Smíchov	Czech Republic
country	The Jungfrau-Aletsch protected area (officially Swiss Alps Jungfrau-Aletsch) is located in south-western Switzerland between the cantons of Berne and Valais.	Jungfrau-Aletsch protected area	Switzerland
country	Leupung -- also spelled ``Leupueng'', is a town in the district (Kabupaten/Kota) of Aceh Besar, close to the city of Banda Aceh, the capital of the special territory of Aceh, Indonesia, on the island of Sumatra.	Leupung	Indonesia
country	Tamassari is a town in western Burkina Faso near Sindou and near the border with Mali.	Tamassari	Burkina Faso
country	Vouzela (Portuguese pronunciation: (vowˈzɛlɐ)) is a municipality in the district Viseu in Portugal.	Vouzela	Portugal
country	Çatak (Kurdish: Şax, Armenian: Շատախ Šatax) is a district of Van Province of Turkey, near the border with Iran.	Çatak	Turkey
country	Taldou District (Arabic: منطقة تلدو, translit.: manṭiqat Taldou) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria.	Taldou District	Syria
country	Éourres is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.	Éourres	France
country	Mangamuka is a district in Northland, New Zealand, at the junction of the Mangamuka and Opurehu Rivers.	Mangamuka	New Zealand
country	With a top at 431.3 metres (1,036 ft) above sea level, the nearby Rø Transmission Tower reaches the highest elevation in Denmark.	Rø	Denmark
country	Nanyang Siang Pau or Nanyang Business Daily (simplified Chinese: 南洋商报; traditional Chinese: 南洋商報; pinyin: Nányáng Shāngbào) was founded by philanthropist-entrepreneur Tan Kah Kee on 6 September 1923 in Singapore, currently published in Malaysia.	Nanyang Siang Pau	Malaysia
country	Karachay Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast in the Soviet Union created on 26 April 1926.	Karachay Autonomous Oblast	Soviet Union
country	Zaļā Manor (Latvian: Zaļā muiža) is a manor house in the historical region of Courland, in Latvia.	Zaļā Manor	Latvia
country	Roccella Ionica (also known as Roccella Jonica or simply as Roccella) is a town and comune located on the Ionian Sea in Calabria, southern Italy.	Roccella Ionica	Italy
country	Pungarehu is a small town located on Surf Highway 45 in Taranaki, New Zealand.	Pungarehu	New Zealand
country	The Geeraard de Duivelsteen (``Geeraard the Devil Castle'') is a 13th century gothic architecture building in Ghent, Belgium.	Geeraard de Duivelsteen	Belgium
country	Mastala (Urdu:مستاله) is a village in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Rawalpindi District in the Punjab of Pakistan.	Mastala	Pakistan
country	Na Kaeo (Thai: นาแก้ว) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Ko Kha District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.	Na Kaeo	Thailand
country	Hovseter comes under Vestre Aker kommune and lies between Røa and Holmen in Oslo, Norway.	Hovseter	Norway
country	Royal Air Force Station Geilenkirchen, more commonly known as RAF Geilenkirchen, was a Royal Air Force station in the North Rhine-Westphalia region of Germany, built by the British who used the facility mainly as an airfield for RAF fighter squadrons from May 1953 until 21 January 1968.	RAF Geilenkirchen	Germany
country	Machowa (maˈxɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Machowa	Poland
country	Municipal Okrug 78 (Russian: муниципа́льный о́круг № 78) is a municipal okrug of Tsentralny District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia.	Municipal Okrug 78	Russia
country	The 24 Hours Nürburgring is a 24-hour annual touring car and GT endurance racing event on the Nordschleife (north loop) of the Nürburgring in central Germany.	24 Hours Nürburgring	Germany
country	The Centro de Estudios Políticos y Constitucionales (CEPC), known during the Francoist period as the Instituto de Estudios Políticos, is an autonomous agency associated with the Ministry for the Presidency, Spain.	Centro de Estudios Políticos y Constitucionales	Spain
country	Cuq-Toulza (Occitan: Cuc Tolzan, meaning dark of Toulouse) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.	Cuq-Toulza	France
country	Awtas or Autas is a location in Saudi Arabia where the Battle of Hunayn and the Battle of Autas took place.	Awtas	Saudi Arabia
country	Bonnevoie (Luxembourgish: Bouneweg, German: Bonneweg) is an area of south-eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Bonnevoie	Luxembourg
country	Tell Abyad District (Arabic: منطقة تل أبيض‎, translit. manṭiqat Tall Abyaḍ; Kurdish: Devera Girê Spî‎) is a district of the ar-Raqqah Governorate in northern Syria.	Tell Abyad District	Syria
country	Kupon-e Vosta (Persian: كوپن وسطي‎, also Romanized as Kūpon-e Vosţá; also known as Kovīn-e Vasaţ, Kūpān-e Vosţá, and Kūpon-e Mīānī) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kupon-e Vosta	Iran
country	The Culișer Canal (Romanian Canalul Culișer, Hungarian Köleseț) is an artificial canal, starting from the Crişul Negru River upstream of the village of Tăuţ in Romania.	Culișer Canal	Romania
country	Chanthaburi Province Stadium (Thai: สนามกีฬาจังหวัดจันทบุรี) is a multi-purpose stadium in Chanthaburi province , Thailand.	Chanthaburi Province Stadium	Thailand
country	Bukit Bunga is a border village of the Malaysia-Thailand border in Kelantan, Malaysia.	Bukit Bunga	Malaysia
country	Paulin Dvor (Serbian Cyrillic: Паулин Двор) is a village in the municipality of Šodolovci, eastern Croatia, population 76 (census 2011).	Paulin Dvor	Croatia
country	Lynnwood Manor is a suburb of the city of Pretoria, South Africa.	Lynnwood Manor	South Africa
country	As it is 5,821 metres (19,098 ft) long (northbound tube), Mala Kapela Tunnel is the longest tunnel in Croatia.	Mala Kapela Tunnel	Croatia
country	Bom Jardim de Goiás is a municipality in western Goiás state, Brazil.	Bom Jardim de Goiás	Brazil
country	Liyuanliao Station (Chinese: 梨園寮車站; pinyin: Líyuánliáo Chēzhàn) is an unmanned railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Meishan Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan.	Liyuanliao Station	Taiwan
country	Märsta (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈmæʂˑʈa); roughly pronounced MASH-tah ) is a suburb of Metropolitan Stockholm, a locality and the seat of Sigtuna Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 24,068 inhabitants in 2010.	Märsta	Sweden
country	Jaksa Waterfall is a small waterfall in Bogor, West Java, Indonesia.	Jaksa Waterfall	Indonesia
country	Marina City Park is a park in Singapore, located at Marina South, with entrances at Marina Boulevard and Marina Park.	Marina City Park	Singapore
country	Rybnik Power Station is a hard coal-fired power station at Rybnik in Poland.	Rybnik Power Station	Poland
country	Dargov (1948-1964 Drahov; Hungarian: Dargó) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Dargov	Slovakia
country	Buku Mera is a village situated midways up a mountain range, in the East Timor Liquiçá District.	Buku Mera	East Timor
country	Secemin (sɛˈt͡sɛmin) is a village in Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Secemin	Poland
country	The Lundby Old Church (Swedish: Lundby gamla kyrka) is a church in Lundby, a borough of Gothenburg, Sweden.	Lundby Old Church	Sweden
country	Nevropoli Agrafon (Greek: Νευρόπολη Αγράφων) is a former municipality in the Karditsa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Nevropoli Agrafon	Greece
country	Muisne is a coastal town in the southwest of the province of Esmeraldas in northwestern Ecuador, with 5,925 inhabitants in the last Ecuadorian census in 2010.	Muisne	Ecuador
country	Bank BGŻ (UCI Team Code: BGZ) was a continental cycling team based in Poland that participated in UCI Continental Circuits races.	Bank BGŻ	Poland
country	Dečja Vas pri Zagradcu (pronounced (ˈdeːtʃja ˈʋaːs pɾi zaˈɡɾaːtsu); Slovene: Dečja vas pri Zagradcu) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River opposite Zagradec in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Dečja Vas pri Zagradcu	Slovenia
country	Malinik (Serbian Cyrillic: Малиник) is a mountain in eastern Serbia.	Malinik	Serbia
country	Antey-Saint-André is a comune in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy.	Antey-Saint-André	Italy
country	The Bundesstraße 96 (B 96) is a federal highway in Germany.	Bundesstraße 96	Germany
country	Dornbirn is the largest city in Vorarlberg and the tenth largest in Austria.	Dornbirn	Austria
country	Carnon viaduct carries the railway from Truro to Falmouth (now branded the 'Maritime Line') over the valley of the Carnon River in west Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Carnon viaduct	United Kingdom
country	The Central Moravian Carpathians (Czech: Středomoravské Karpaty) are a mountain range within the Czech Republic belonging to the Outer Western Carpathians.	Central Moravian Carpathians	Czech Republic
country	Zabłudów (zaˈbwuduf) (Belarusian: Заблудаў, Zabłudaŭ) is a town in Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zabłudów	Poland
country	City Palace, Jaipur, which includes the Chandra Mahal and Mubarak Mahal palaces and other buildings, is a palace complex in Jaipur, the capital of the Rajasthan state, India.	City Palace, Jaipur	India
country	Qarnayel (Arabic: قرنايل‎) is a village and municipality in the Baabda District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate in Lebanon.	Qarnayel	Lebanon
country	Reinhausen is the largest village in the municipality (Gemeinde) Gleichen in the district Göttingen, Germany.	Reinhausen	Germany
country	Shalvari (Persian: شلوري‎, also Romanized as Shalvārī; also known as Shīlvand) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shalvari	Iran
country	Doab-e Zali (Persian: دوآب زالي‎, also Romanized as Doāb-e Zālī and Do Āb Zālī; also known as Zālī Do Āb and Zālī-ye Dowāb) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Doab-e Zali	Iran
country	Saint-Quay-Portrieux (Breton: Sant-Ke-Porzh-Olued) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Saint-Quay-Portrieux	France
country	Bakhtar Afghan Airlines was an airline from Afghanistan, which offered domestic flights.	Bakhtar Afghan Airlines	Afghanistan
country	The Yuna River (Spanish: Río Yuna) is the second longest river in the Dominican Republic at 185.17 km (115.06 miles) in length.	Yuna River	Dominican Republic
country	Manne Island is an island of Papua New Guinea, located of the northwest coast of New Ireland.	Manne Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Kfar Beit (also known as كفر بيت, Kfar Beït, Kafr Bayt or Kfarbeet) is a Lebanese village in the south of Lebanon.	Kfar Beit	Lebanon
country	Canada House is the home of the Canadian High Commission to the United Kingdom.	Canada House	United Kingdom
country	The Mount Royal Arena was an indoor arena located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the corner of Mount Royal and St. Urbain Street.	Mount Royal Arena	Canada
country	Zami River is a river of Burma (Myanmar), arising at 15°17′16``N 98°15′37''E in southern Kayin State.	Zami River	Myanmar
country	Polesie Landscape Park (Poleski Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in eastern Poland, established in 1983, covering an area of 51.13 square kilometres (19.74 sq mi).	Polesie Landscape Park	Poland
country	Yeli-ye Olya (Persian: يلي عليا‎, also Romanized as Yelī-ye ``Olyā; also known as Yelī) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 163, in 35 families.	Yeli-ye Olya	Iran
country	Pugh's Almanac was an annual almanac published in Queensland, Australia.	Pugh's Almanac	Australia
country	Kokoriči (pronounced (kɔˈkoːɾitʃi)) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia.	Kokoriči	Slovenia
country	Hohenau an der March (Czech: Cáhnov, Slovak: Cahnov) is a town in the district of Gänserndorf in the Austrian state of Lower Austria, close to Vienna and the borders with the Czech Republic and Slovakia.	Hohenau an der March	Austria
country	Gaucín is a town and municipality located in the mountains of Andalusia in the province of Málaga in southern Spain.	Gaucín	Spain
country	Predole (pronounced (ˈpɾeːdɔlɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Predole	Slovenia
country	The Moritzbastei was built as a bastion in between 1551-1554 under the supervision of the mayor Hieronymus Lotter, who was also responsible for Leipzig's Altes Rathaus (old town hall) which is one of the most important Renaissance buildings in Germany.	Moritzbastei	Germany
country	Komedianten (``The Trouper'') is a cultural centre with a public library, art gallery and performing operations in Varberg, Sweden.	Komedianten	Sweden
country	The Bendigo Box-Ironbark Region is a 505 km2 fragmented and irregularly shaped tract of land that encompasses all the box-ironbark forest and woodland remnants used as winter feeding habitat by swift parrots in the Bendigo-Maldon region of central Victoria, south-eastern Australia.	Bendigo Box-Ironbark Region	Australia
country	Orango is one of the Bijagós Islands, located 60 kilometers (38 miles) off the coast of mainland Guinea-Bissau.	Orango	Guinea-Bissau
country	Mohammad-e Olya (Persian: محمدعليا‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad-e ``Olyā; also known as Mollā’ī) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 160, in 33 families.	Mohammad-e Olya	Iran
country	Staicele parish (Latvian: Staiceles pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Aloja Municipality, Latvia.	Staicele parish	Latvia
country	The Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin (dffb, German Film and Television Academy Berlin) is a film school in Berlin, Germany.	Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin	Germany
country	Palmietfontein Airport was an airport situated to the south of Johannesburg, South Africa, in the mid-1940s to early 1950s.	Palmietfontein Airport	South Africa
country	Stjør- and Verdal District Court (Norwegian: Stjør- og Verdal tingrett) was a district court located in Levanger, Norway.	Stjør- and Verdal District Court	Norway
country	Pregarje (pronounced (pɾɛˈɡaːrjɛ); Italian: Pregara) is a village west of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Pregarje	Slovenia
country	Gare de Nointel-Mours is a railway station located in Nointel (Val-d'Oise department), France.	Gare de Nointel-Mours	France
country	Markuszów (marˈkuʂuf) is a village in Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Markuszów	Poland
country	Khao Phing Kan (Thai: เขาพิงกัน) or Ko Khao Phing Kan (เกาะเขาพิงกัน) is an island in Thailand, in Phang Nga Bay northeast of Phuket.	Khao Phing Kan	Thailand
country	Talvar Bolaghi (Persian: تلواربلاغي‎, also Romanized as Talvār Bolāghī) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Talvar Bolaghi	Iran
country	Mołdawin (mɔwˈdavin) (German: Maldewin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mołdawin	Poland
country	Chew Cottage is an historic building in Wellington, New Zealand.	Chew Cottage	New Zealand
country	2007 S.League was the twelfth season of Singapore's professional football league.	2007 S.League	Singapore
country	Rimini (Italian pronunciation: (ˈriːmini); Latin: Ariminum) is a city of 146,606 inhabitants in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy and capital city of the Province of Rimini.	Rimini	Italy
country	Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (TRCA) or Office de protection de la nature de Toronto et de la région is one of 36 conservation authorities in Ontario, Canada.	Toronto and Region Conservation Authority	Canada
country	The Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research (ISREC, French: Institut suisse de recherche expérimentale sur le cancer) is a not-for-profit institution founded in 1964 and located in Épalinges, Switzerland.	ISREC	Switzerland
country	Nea Kios (Greek: Νέα Κίος), is a village and former municipality in Argolis, Peloponnese, Greece.	Nea Kios	Greece
country	Central African Red Cross Society also known as CARC was founded in 1966.It has its head in Bangui, Central African Republic.	Central African Red Cross Society	Central African Republic
country	The Farmer & Settler, later published as The Farmer & Settler and Livestock Breeders Journal, was an English-language broadsheet newspaper published in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia between 1906 and 1957.	The Farmer & Settler	Australia
country	Fort Douaumont (French Fort de Douaumont) was the largest and highest fort on the ring of 19 large defensive forts protecting the city of Verdun, France since the 1890s.	Fort Douaumont	France
country	Morne Trois Pitons National Park is a World Heritage Site (since 1997) located in the Caribbean island of Dominica.	Morne Trois Pitons National Park	Dominica
country	``Ko e Iki he Lagi'' (English: The Lord in Heaven), also titled in English as ``Lord in heaven, Thou art merciful'', is the national anthem of Niue.	Ko e Iki he Lagi	Niue
country	Junglinster (Luxembourgish: Jonglënster) is a commune and town in central Luxembourg in the district Grevenmacher with 5,813 inhabitants.	Junglinster	Luxembourg
country	Saly (also called Sali or Saly Portudal) is a seaside resort area on the Petite Côte of Senegal, south of Dakar.	Saly	Senegal
country	Rosni Peak (Albanian: Maja e Rosit; Serbian: Rosni Vrh/Росни Врх) is the highest peak of a mountain named Bjelić, located on the border between Albania and Montenegro.	Rosni Peak	Albania	Montenegro
country	Pithiviers internment camp was a Nazi transit camp in Pithiviers, France during the Second World War.	Pithiviers internment camp	France
country	Waipatiki Beach is a small coastal village in Hastings District, Hawke's Bay, New Zealand.	Waipatiki Beach	New Zealand
country	Rauna Castle (German: Rownenborgh, Ronneburg) ruins are located in the village of Rauna, in Cēsis District, Latvia.	Rauna Castle	Latvia
country	Hemmat (Persian: همت‎) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hemmat	Iran
country	Melbourne Park is a sports venue in the Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Park	Australia
country	Kvilda (German: Außergefild) is a village in Prachatice District, South Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Kvilda	Czech Republic
country	Błuskajmy Wielkie (bwusˈkai̯mɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Bloßkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Błuskajmy Wielkie	Poland
country	Coill Dubh (Irish pronunciation: (kəilʲ d̪ˠʊw) or (kəilʲ d̪ˠʊv)) is a town in Ireland in northern County Kildare, at the junction of the R403 and R408 regional roads, about 40 km (25 mi) from Dublin.	Coill Dubh	Ireland
country	Indemini (Italian pronunciation: (inˈdeːmini)) is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Indemini	Switzerland
country	Jarqavieh Sofla District (Persian: بخش جرقویه سفلی‎; Lower Jarqavieh District) is a district (bakhsh) in Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jarqavieh Sofla District	Iran
country	The so-called Montagsloch in Essen was a building project during the time of National Socialism in Germany.	Montagsloch	Germany
country	Sørvágsfjørður is a fjord on the west-side of the island Vágoy in the Faroe Islands which is approximately 3.5 km (2.2 mi) long.	Sørvágsfjørður	Faroe Islands
country	Fatima Gate, also known as the Good Fence Crossing, is a former border crossing between Lebanon and Israel.	Fatima Gate	Lebanon
country	Sembuwatta Lake ( sinhala: සෙම්ඹුවත්ත ) is a tourist attraction situated at Elkaduwa in the Matale District of Sri Lanka, adjacent to the Campbell's Lane Forest Reserve.	Sembuwatta Lake	Sri Lanka
country	Betano is a village and suco in southwest of Manufahi District, East Timor.	Betano	East Timor
country	Babol (Persian: بابل‎‎, pronunciation , also Romanized as Bābol; formerly known as Bārforush) is the capital of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Babol	Iran
country	Rathaus Rapperswil is the former Rathaus of the city government of medieval town of Rapperswil, Canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	Rathaus Rapperswil	Switzerland
country	Fremantle Town Hall is a town hall located in the portside city of Fremantle, Western Australia and situated on the corner of High, William and Adelaide Streets.	Fremantle Town Hall	Australia
country	Kaeng Khoi Line is a railway line of Greater Bangkok Commuter rail, operated by State Railway of Thailand (SRT).	Kaeng Khoi Line	Thailand
country	The Bergisel is a hill (746 m) that lies to the south of Innsbruck, Austria, in the area of Wilten, where the Sill river meets the Inn Valley.	Bergisel	Austria
country	Latvijas Televīzija (Latvian Television or LTV) is the state-owned public service broadcasting television company in Latvia.	Latvijas Televīzija	Latvia
country	Hueinahue River is a river in Futrono and Lago Ranco communes, southern Chile.	Hueinahue River	Chile
country	The 1933 Baffin Bay earthquake struck Greenland and the Northwest Territories (now Nunavut), Canada with a moment magnitude of 7.7 at 18:21:35 Eastern Time Zone on November 20.	1933 Baffin Bay earthquake	Canada
country	English Caye Light is an active lighthouse on a small island in Belize.	English Caye Light	Belize
country	The Makalu Barun National Park is the eighth national park in the Himalayas of Nepal and was established in 1992 as eastern extension of the Sagarmatha National Park.	Makalu Barun National Park	Nepal
country	Boćki (ˈbɔt͡ɕkʲi) (Ukrainian: Ботьки, Bot’ky; Yiddish: בודקי‎) is a village in Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Boćki	Poland
country	The Upper Harbour Bridge (also called Greenhithe Bridge) is a motorway bridge which is technically two bridges as of 2006 spanning over a reach of the Waitemata Harbour and connects Hobsonville (in Waitakere City) and Greenhithe (in North Shore City), New Zealand.	Upper Harbour Bridge	New Zealand
country	The orchestra of Felix Meritis was regarded as the best of the Netherlands and accompanied many Dutch premieres, directed by conductors such as Johannes Bernardus van Bree.	Felix Meritis	Netherlands
country	Allahabad-e Do (Persian: الله آباد2‎, also Romanized as Allahābād-e Do; also known as Allahābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Allahabad-e Do	Iran
country	Risskov is the name of both a neighbourhood and a district in the city of Aarhus, Denmark.	Risskov	Denmark
country	Seydun (Persian: صيدون‎; also Romanized as Şeydūn; also known as Şeydān) is a city in and the capital of Seydun District, in Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seydun	Iran
country	Kirgiz-Miyaki (Russian: Кирги́з-Мияки́; Bashkir: Ҡырғыҙ-Миәкә, Qyrğyð-Miäkä) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Miyakinsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Kirgiz-Miyaki	Russia
country	Kon Tum is the capital town of Kon Tum Province in Vietnam.	Kon Tum	Vietnam
country	Rasht District or Nohiyai Rasht (Tajik: Ноҳияи Рашт/Tajik ناحیهٔ رشت), formerly called Gharm District, is an eastern district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan.	Rasht District	Tajikistan
country	Nyhamna is a small peninsula on the northeast side of the island of Gossa in Aukra Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Nyhamna	Norway
country	Meriton is Australia's largest apartment developer and also the country's biggest residential home builder founded by Harry Triguboff AO, its managing director, in 1963.	Meriton	Australia
country	Portendick is an abandoned coastal city in western Mauritania.	Portendick	Mauritania
country	Daejeon Metro (Hangul: 대전도시철도; hanja: 大田都市鐵道; RR: Daejeon dosicheoldo) is the rapid transit system of Daejeon, South Korea, operated by the Daejeon Metropolitan Express Transit Corporation (DjeT, or Daejeon Metro).	Daejeon Metro	South Korea
country	Linnaeus' Hammarby (Swedish: Linnés Hammarby) is a historic house museum, and one of three botanical gardens belonging to Uppsala University, located in Sweden.	Linnaeus' Hammarby	Sweden
country	Lac d'Apremont (or Lac de Retenue de Barrage d'Apremont) is a reservoir in Vendée, France.	Lac d'Apremont	France
country	Cat Lake First Nation is an Ojibway First Nation reserve approximately 180 kilometres northwest of Sioux Lookout in northwestern Ontario, Canada, located on the central north shore of Cat Lake.	Cat Lake First Nation	Canada
country	Gorzków-Wieś (ˈɡɔʂkuf ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gorzków-Wieś	Poland
country	Ninghe District (simplified Chinese: 宁河区; traditional Chinese: 寧河區; pinyin: Nínghé Qū; literally: ``Tranquil River'') is a district of the municipality of Tianjin, People's Republic of China, located in the rural northeast part of the municipality.	Ninghe District	People's Republic of China
country	Munderkingen is the smallest town in the district of Alb-Donau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Munderkingen	Germany
country	Deninu School is a K-12 public school located in Fort Resolution, Northwest Territories, Canada.	Deninu School	Canada
country	Ansina is a town in the Tacuarembó Department of northern-central Uruguay.	Ansina	Uruguay
country	Edidi is a town in the Kwara State of southwestern Nigeria, inhabited by the Yoruba people.	Edidi	Nigeria
country	``God Save the Tsar!'' (Russian: Боже, Царя храни!; transliteration: Bozhe, Tsarya khrani!) was the national anthem of the former Russian Empire.	God Save the Tsar!	Russian Empire
country	Elcho Island is an island off the coast of Arnhem Land, Northern Territory, Australia.	Elcho Island	Australia
country	Qızılkənd (also, Kizyl-Kend and Kyzylkend; old name Semënovka) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qızılkənd	Azerbaijan
country	The Silesian Mountain Railway (Polish: Śląska Kolej Górska; German: Schlesische Gebirgsbahn) is a railway line in south-west Poland.	Silesian Mountain Railway	Poland
country	The Treur River (from Afrikaans: mourning river) is a small river in the Drakensberg escarpment region of eastern Mpumalanga province, South Africa.	Treur River	South Africa
country	Piarco is the site of one of the few natural savannas in Trinidad and Tobago, the Piarco Savanna.	Piarco	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Volcán de Flores is the most prominent stratovolcano in a volcanic field composed of several small volcanoes in southern Guatemala.	Volcán de Flores	Guatemala
country	Lubsko (ˈlupskɔ) (German: Sommerfeld, Lower Sorbian: Žemŕ) is a town in Żary County in the Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.	Lubsko	Poland
country	Hajj Kaka (Persian: حاج كاكا‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Kākā and Ḩāj Kākā; also known as Deh Larz-e Ḩāj Kākā and Ḩājjī Kākā) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hajj Kaka	Iran
country	The archaeological open-air museum Biskupin is an archaeological site and a life-size model of an Iron Age fortified settlement in Poland (Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship).	Biskupin	Poland
country	Krzywań (ˈkʂɨvaɲ) (German: Kriwan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krzywań	Poland
country	Konaklı, Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey.	Konaklı, Ardanuç	Turkey
country	Numbulwar Airport (IATA: NUB, ICAO: YNUM) is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) west of Numbulwar, Northern Territory, Australia	Numbulwar Airport	Australia
country	Gulcha (Kyrgyz: Гүлчө; Russian: Гульча) is a mountain town in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Gulcha	Kyrgyzstan
country	Ktuts monastery (Armenian: Կտուց, meaning beak in Armenian) is an abandoned 15th century Armenian monastery on the small island of Ktuts (Çarpanak) in Lake Van, Vaspurakan (present-day Turkey).	Ktuts monastery	Turkey
country	Gyakiti is a town in the east of Ghana.	Gyakiti	Ghana
country	West Head is the name of three separate headlands on New Zealand's South Island.	West Head	New Zealand
country	The Island Public/Natural Science School (also called Island PNSS, IPNSS or Island) is a primary school located on Centre Island in the Toronto Islands in the Old Toronto region of Toronto, Canada.	Island Public/Natural Science School	Canada
country	Labastide-de-Virac is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France It features a small fort dating back to the 16th century.	Labastide-de-Virac	France
country	Delbaran (Persian: دلبران‎, also Romanized as Delbarān; also known as Dīlbarān) is a city in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Delbaran	Iran
country	Jeddah Hilton Hotel (Arabic:فندق جدة هيلتون) is a five-star hotel located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.	Jeddah Hilton	Saudi Arabia
country	The Asubima Forest Reserve is a 7,870-hectare (19,400-acre) protected area near Akumadan, Ghana and was established in 1945.	Asubima Forest Reserve	Ghana
country	Lac du Val is a lake in the Jura department of France.	Lac du Val	France
country	Hajdučica (Serbian Cyrillic: Хајдучица, Slovak: Hajdušica) is a village in Serbia.	Hajdučica	Serbia
country	The Beng Per Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the northern plains of Cambodia.	Beng Per Wildlife Sanctuary	Cambodia
country	UnionBank Plaza is an office skyscraper located in Pasig, Philippines.	UnionBank Plaza	Philippines
country	The Ermenonville Forest (French: Forêt d'Ermenonville) is a state-owned forest in Oise, France.	Ermenonville Forest	France
country	Enonsaari (61°1′55``N 25°35′45''E) is an island on Enonselkä Basin, Lake Vesijärvi, in Lahti of southern Finland.	Enonsaari	Finland
country	The Hack Circle or Hack was a nickname given to an amphitheatre in central Christchurch, New Zealand.	Hack Circle	New Zealand
country	The JR Central Towers are in Nakamura-ku in the city of Nagoya, central Japan.	JR Central Towers	Japan
country	Gościm (ˈɡɔɕt͡ɕim) (German: Gottschimm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Gościm	Poland
country	Kushk District is situated in the northern part of Herat Province, Afghanistan and may also may be referred to as Rubat-i-Sangin or Rabat-e-Sangi.	Kushk District	Afghanistan
country	Telekgerendás is a small village in Békés County, in the Southern Great Plain region of south-east Hungary.	Telekgerendás	Hungary
country	The Olvios (Greek: Όλβιος) is a river that flows in western Corinthia in the northern Peloponnese in Greece.	Olvios	Greece
country	Gmina Żarów is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gmina Żarów	Poland
country	Chapada dos Veadeiros National Park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional da Chapada dos Veadeiros) is a national park of Brazil located in the Chapada dos Veadeiros, an ancient plateau with an estimated age of 1.8 billion years.	Chapada dos Veadeiros National Park	Brazil
country	Pszczelnik (ˈpʂt͡ʂɛlnik) (German: Kuhdamm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pszczelnik	Poland
country	Tempra Tantrum is a brand of wine produced by Osborne Group based in El Puerto de Santa María, Spain.	Osborne Group	Spain
country	San Cristóbal Airport (IATA: SCY, ICAO: SEST) is an airport on the island of San Cristóbal, on the Galápagos Islands, Ecuador.	San Cristóbal Airport	Ecuador
country	Al Warqaa (Arabic: الورقاء‎, al-warqāʾ), sometimes spelled Al Warqa`a is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Warqaa	United Arab Emirates
country	Tragheim Church (German: Tragheimer Kirche) was a Protestant church in the Tragheim quarter of Königsberg, Germany.	Tragheim Church	Germany
country	Staples Corner is a major road junction in London, United Kingdom.	Staples Corner	United Kingdom
country	The Gorgeous Geeks (GG) is an interest group based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Gorgeous Geeks	Malaysia
country	The Buddha Dhatu Jadi (Bengali: বুদ্ধ ধাতু জাদি; also known as the Bandarban Golden Temple) is located close to Balaghata town, in Bandarban City, in Bangladesh.	Buddha Dhatu Jadi	Bangladesh
country	Ansan University (Hangul: 안산대학교) is a two-year university located in Ansan City, Gyeonggi province, South Korea.	Ansan University	South Korea
country	The British Judo Association (BJA) is the governing body for the Olympic Sport of Judo in the United Kingdom.	British Judo Association	United Kingdom
country	The Ofanto, known in ancient times as Aufidus, is a 170-kilometre (110 mi) river in southern Italy that flows through the regions of Campania, Basilicata, and Apulia, into the Gulf of Manfredonia near Barletta.	Ofanto	Italy
country	Sewri is a locality along the eastern edge of South Mumbai, in Maharashtra, India.	Sewri	India
country	The 3rd U-boat Flotilla (German 3. Unterseebootsflottille), also known as Lohs Flotilla, was the third operational U-boat unit in Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine.	3rd U-boat Flotilla	Nazi Germany
country	Long Creek Bridge is a bridge that spans across the Long Creek 2 km from the US/Canada border and 15 km from Estevan, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Long Creek Bridge	Canada
country	The Barn River is a small river in a remote area of the Westland district of New Zealand.	Barn River	New Zealand
country	Farnetta is included in the comune of Montecastrilli in the province of Terni (central Italy).	Farnetta	Italy
country	Cape Torrens Wilderness Protection Area, formerly the Cape Torrens Conservation Park, is a protected area on Kangaroo Island, South Australia.	Cape Torrens Wilderness Protection Area	Australia
country	Ankaran (pronounced (aŋkaˈɾaːn); Italian: Ancarano) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ankaran, located near the border with Italy, in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Ankaran	Slovenia
country	Hiirenvesi is a medium-sized lake of eastern Finland.	Hiirenvesi	Finland
country	Poraż (ˈpɔraʂ) (Ukrainian: Пораж, Porazh) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Poraż	Poland
country	Sha'arei Mishpat College (Hebrew: מכללת שערי משפט‎, Miklelet Sha'arei Mishpat) is a private law school in Hod HaSharon, Israel.	Sha'arei Mishpat College	Israel
country	David Lloyd George Elementary School is an elementary school in the Marpole neighbourhood in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, part of School District 39 Vancouver.	David Lloyd George Elementary School	Canada
country	Boekenhouthoek is a small village situated in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa, it falls under the Nkangala District Municipality.	Boekenhouthoek	South Africa
country	The Saudi Railways Organization (SRO) is one of two state-owned company that operates Saudi Arabia's rail network.	Saudi Railways Organization	Saudi Arabia
country	Wólka Turowska (ˈvulka tuˈrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Turowska	Poland
country	Funar is a suco in the northwest of Laclubar subdistrict (Manatuto District, East Timor).	Funar	East Timor
country	The Ópera de Arame, in Portuguese, or the Wire Opera House, in English, is a theatre house located in the city of Curitiba, the capital of the state of Paraná, in south Brazil.	Wire Opera House	Brazil
country	By that time, Campo Grande had long surpassed the latter's capital city of Cuiabá in population, which is unusual in Brazil, where most capitals are also the states' largest cities.	Campo Grande	Brazil
country	The Château du Plessis-Josso is a fortified 14th century manor house in the Morbihan département of France.	Château du Plessis-Josso	France
country	Nagalaphu is a Himalayan mountain peak located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India.	Nagalaphu	India
country	Saint Mesrop Mashtots Cathedral is a 19th-century church in the Oshakan village of Aragatsotn Province, Armenia.	Saint Mesrop Mashtots Cathedral	Armenia
country	Plaza Baquedano is a major landmark in Santiago, Chile.	Plaza Baquedano	Chile
country	Jelovo (pronounced (jɛˈlɔːʋɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Jelovo	Slovenia
country	Bhojakor is a village Panchayat in Lohawat tehsil of Jodhpur district in Rajasthan state of India.	Bhojakor	India
country	Tazeh Kand-e Yuzbashi (Persian: تازه كنديوزباشي‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Yūzbāshī; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Yuzbashi	Iran
country	Locqueltas (Breton: Lokeltaz) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Locqueltas	France
country	Trnovačko Lake (Bosnian, Serbian and Montenegrin: Trnovačko jezero, Трновачко језеро) is a lake in northern Montenegro, best known for its heart-like shape.	Trnovačko Lake	Montenegro
country	Anhovo (pronounced (ˈaːŋ̩xɔvɔ); Italian: Salona d'Isonzo, Anicova Corada before 1927) is a settlement on the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Anhovo	Slovenia
country	Danaluy-e Kuchak (Persian: دانالوي كوچك‎, also Romanized as Dānālūy-e Kūchak; also known as Dānālū-ye Kūchak) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Danaluy-e Kuchak	Iran
country	Jhat Pat, also spelt Jhatpat, is a sub-division of Jaffarabad District of Balochistan province Pakistan.	Jhat Pat	Pakistan
country	Orallo is a river in northern Spain, in the province of León.	Orallo	Spain
country	The Glasgow Garden Festival was the third of the United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals, and the only one to take place in Scotland.	Glasgow Garden Festival	United Kingdom
country	Przeciszów (pʂɛˈt͡ɕiʂuf) is a village in Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przeciszów	Poland
country	Kariz Sukhteh-ye Dowlatabad (Persian: كاريزسوخته دولت اباد‎, also Romanized as Kārīz Sūkhteh-ye Dowlatābād; also known as Kārīz Sūkhteh, Dowlatābād, and Kārīz Sūkhtah) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kariz Sukhteh-ye Dowlatabad	Iran
country	International American School of Warsaw ( or I.A.S ) is the first private American School, of the post-Communist period, located in Warsaw, Poland.	International American School of Warsaw	Poland
country	The Santa Barbara Parish Church and Convent (Spanish: Iglesia y Convento de Santa Bárbara), also called as Santa Barbara Church, is located in the municipality of Santa Barbara, Iloilo, Philippines under the Archdiocese of Jaro.	Santa Barbara Church	Philippines
country	The 21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art, Kanazawa is a museum of contemporary art located in Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan.	21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art, Kanazawa	Japan
country	Tarbela Dam Airport (IATA: TLB, ICAO: OPTA) is located near the Indus River in the Haripur District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan, and is part of the Tarbela Dam project.	Tarbela Dam Airport	Pakistan
country	Al Bahiyah is a small village near the coast in the Lahij Governorate of south-western Yemen.	Al Bahiyah	Yemen
country	In Italy, Ferrandina is famous for producing the highest level of quality olive oil.	Ferrandina	Italy
country	The Kruisberg, also known as Oude Kruisberg or Oude Kruisens is a hill and road in the city of Ronse, in Flanders, Belgium.	Kruisberg	Belgium
country	Jusi is the residual of a volcano, an erosional outlier of the Swabian Alb, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Jusi	Germany
country	Kostel Castle (Slovene: Grad Kostel) is a castle above the settlement of Kostel in southeastern Slovenia.	Kostel Castle	Slovenia
country	Filochy (fiˈlɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Filochy	Poland
country	Prokuplje (Serbian Cyrillic: Прокупље, Serbian pronunciation: (prǒkupʎe)) is a town and municipality located in the southern part of Serbia.	Prokuplje	Serbia
country	Qurichai (Persian: قوريچاي‎, also Romanized as Qūrīchā’ī and Qūrī Chāy; also known as Quruchāi) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qurichai	Iran
country	Juventude Clube do Norte (Capeverdean Crioulo, ALUPEC or ALUPEK: Juventudi du Norti and the São Vicente Crioulo: Juventud' d' Norte) is a sports club that its football (soccer) team plays in the Boa Vista Island League in Cape Verde.	Juventude Clube do Norte	Cape Verde
country	The Penang Undersea Tunnel is a tunnel that will begin construction in 2016 in Penang, Malaysia.	Penang Undersea Tunnel	Malaysia
country	Hagenberg im Mühlkreis is a town in the district of Freistadt in the Austrian state of Upper Austria 20 km from Linz.	Hagenberg im Mühlkreis	Austria
country	Loni Bhapkar is village located in the Baramati Tehsil of Pune District, India.	Loni Bhapkar	India
country	Pardubice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpardubɪtsɛ); German: Pardubitz) is a city in the Czech Republic.	Pardubice	Czech Republic
country	Mosėdis is a small town in northern Lithuania in Klaipeda County, best known for its stone collection.	Mosėdis	Lithuania
country	An imperial decree signed by Napoleon I on 6 March 1808, authorised the sale of the Hôtel de Toulouse to the Banque de France, which made it its official seat in 1811.	Hôtel de Toulouse	France
country	Opravdići (Cyrillic: Оправдићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Opravdići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Centrache (Greek: Kentrikos) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.	Centrache	Italy
country	Thunder Bay is a city in, and the seat of, Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.	Thunder Bay	Canada
country	Front of Solidarity and Overthrow (Greek: Μέτωπο Αλληλεγγύης και Ανατροπής abbreviated ΜΑΑ-MAA) is a political party in Greece that split from the Coalition of the Radical Left.	Front of Solidarity and Overthrow	Greece
country	Bdintsi is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province, which is located in northeastern Bulgaria.	Bdintsi	Bulgaria
country	The Markiz Island is a small island in the Kuybyshev Reservoir of the Volga River near Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia.	Markiz Island	Russia
country	Jhuddo (Sindhi: جهڏو‎) (or Jhudo) is a city in Mirpur Khas District, Sindh province, Pakistan with a population of 1.5 lac, it's postcode is 69310, Recently, it had acquired the status of Taluka.	Jhuddo	Pakistan
country	The Seditious Meetings Act 1817 (57 Geo. III c. 19) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland which made it illegal to hold a meeting of more than 50 people.	Seditious Meetings Act 1817	United Kingdom
country	The Grančarevo Dam is an arch dam on the Trebišnjica River near Gornje Grančarevo in the municipality of Trebinje in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grančarevo Dam	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Art Deco theaters of Manila are theaters constructed in the 1930s to 1950s built in Art Deco style, or a similar branch of the style like Streamline Moderne, in the Philippines.	Art Deco theaters of Manila	Philippines
country	Nagarbhavi is a residential area of Bangalore, Karnataka, India.	Nagarbhavi	India
country	Żaki (ˈʐaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żaki	Poland
country	Arfersiorfik Fjord is a large fjord along the western coast of Greenland, between the town of Aasiaat to the north and Nordre Strømfjord to the south.	Arfersiorfik Fjord	Greenland
country	Kuteh (Persian: كوته‎, also Romanized as Kūteh; also known as Kūteh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kuteh	Iran
country	Perspectives II High School is an outreach high school in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Perspectives II High School	Canada
country	Luvenga (Russian: Лувеньга) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 30 meters (98 ft) above sea level.	Luvenga	Russia
country	Växjö Småland Airport (IATA: VXO, ICAO: ESMX) is an airport in southeastern Sweden, in the southern part of the province of Småland.	Växjö Småland Airport	Sweden
country	Land Hadeln is a historic landscape and former administrative district in Northern Germany with its seat in Otterndorf on the Lower Elbe, the lower reaches of the River Elbe, in the Elbe-Weser Triangle between the estuaries of the Elbe and Weser.	Land Hadeln	Germany
country	Katowice railway station is a railway station in Katowice, Silesia, Poland, and the largest railway station in the Upper Silesian Industrial Region.	Katowice railway station	Poland
country	Qarah Hesarlu (Persian: قره حصارلو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Ḩeşārlū and Qareh Ḩeşārlū; also known as Ḩeşārlū) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qarah Hesarlu	Iran
country	Aşağı Nemətabad (also, Aşağı Ne’mətabad, Ashaga Neymetabad, Ashagy Neymetabad, Ashagy-Neymatabad, and Ermeni Neymetabad) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Nemətabad	Azerbaijan
country	Villa del Carmen or Carmen is a town in Durazno Department of central Uruguay, the third largest populated place in the department, after Durazno and Sarandí del Yí.	Villa del Carmen	Uruguay
country	Khal Dalil (Persian: خال دليل‎, also Romanized as Khāl Dalīl) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khal Dalil	Iran
country	Setenyovo (Russian: Сетенёво) is a village (selo) in Pokrovsky District of Oryol Oblast, Russia.	Setenyovo	Russia
country	The Xuzhou East Railway Station (Chinese: 徐州东站) is a high-speed railway station in Xuzhou, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China.	Xuzhou East Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Sarnia Cherie is used as the anthem of the Bailiwick of Guernsey, one of the Channel Islands.	Sarnia Cherie	Guernsey
country	ZED-2 (Zero Energy Deuterium) is a zero-power nuclear research reactor built at the Chalk River Laboratories near Chalk River, Ontario, Canada.	ZED-2	Canada
country	Sucha Wieś (ˈsuxa ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sucha Wieś	Poland
country	Wziąchowo Wielkie (vʑɔ̃ˈxɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wziąchowo Wielkie	Poland
country	The Town of Camperdown was a local government area about 200 kilometres (124 mi) west-southwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, centred on Camperdown.	Town of Camperdown	Australia
country	Borysik (bɔˈrɨɕik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Borysik	Poland
country	Kalampur is a town in the Dharamgarh sub-division of the Kalahandi district in India's Odisha State.	Kalampur	India
country	Amnuay Silpa School (Thai: โรงเรียนอำนวยศิลป์) is a coeducational private school in Bangkok, Thailand.	Amnuay Silpa School	Thailand
country	Diviacka Nová Ves (Hungarian: Divékújfalu, German: Divickneudorf) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Diviacka Nová Ves	Slovakia
country	The Cégep de Rimouski is a post-secondary education institution (cégep: College of General and Professional Education) located in Rimouski, Quebec, Canada.	Cégep de Rimouski	Canada
country	Nagold is a town in southwestern Germany, bordering the Northern Black Forest.	Nagold	Germany
country	OCTAVE Business School is an educational institution imparting management education to graduates in and around areas in Nagpur (India).	OCTAVE Business School	India
country	Zheleznogorsk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Железногорск) (ICAO: UIBV) is an airport in Russia located 10 km south of Zheleznogorsk-Ilimsky.	Zheleznogorsk Airport	Russia
country	The burgh of Nairn was a parliamentary burgh, combined with the burghs of Inverness, Fortrose and Forres, in the Inverness Burghs constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1708 to 1918.	Nairn	United Kingdom
country	Golds World of Judaica, (known until 1999 as Golds Book and Gift Company), is the Southern Hemisphere's largest Judaica store, as well as being Australia's main importer, wholesaler and retailer of Judaica items.	Golds World of Judaica	Australia
country	Laxe (Galician pronunciation: (ˈlaʃe)) is a northwestern municipality of Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia.	Laxe	Spain
country	Jurjevica (pronounced (ˈjuːɾjɛʋitsa); German: Jurjowitz) is a village west of the town of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Jurjevica	Slovenia
country	Tenneville is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg.	Tenneville	Belgium
country	Dam Saqaveh-ye Aziz (Persian: دم سقاوه عزيز‎, also Romanized as Dam Saqāveh-ye ʿAzīz; also known as Dam Saqāveh) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dam Saqaveh-ye Aziz	Iran
country	Qusūr is an area in Mubarak Al-Kabeer Governorate in Kuwait.	Qusūr	Kuwait
country	Big River Radio is a radio station in Balclutha, New Zealand broadcasting a local breakfast show.	Big River Radio	New Zealand
country	Chillianwala Station Chak No. 1, is a town located in the Mandi Bahauddin District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Chillianwala Station Chak No. 1	Pakistan
country	La Tourne (el. 1170 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.	La Tourne	Switzerland
country	Lake Zimbambo is a lake in the Malemba-Nkulu territory of Haut-Lomami District in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lake Zimbambo	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Rizal Park (Filipino: Liwasang Rizal), also known as Luneta National Park or simply Luneta, is a historical urban park in the Philippines.	Rizal Park	Philippines
country	Mathura Das Mathur Hospital is the one of the largest hospitals in Jodhpur city, Rajasthan, India.	Mathura Das Mathur Hospital	India
country	Məşədivəlli (also, Məşədvəlli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məşədivəlli	Azerbaijan
country	Mae Wa National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติแม่วะ) is a national park in Thailand's Lampang and Tak provinces.	Mae Wa National Park	Thailand
country	Mariscal Benavides District (Spanish mariscal marshal) is one of twelve districts of the province Rodríguez de Mendoza in Peru.	Mariscal Benavides District	Peru
country	Susqueda Reservoir (Catalan: Pantà de Susqueda) is a reservoir located on the Ter river, near Osor, Catalonia, Spain.	Susqueda Reservoir	Spain
country	Constantí is a town in the province of Tarragona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Constantí	Spain
country	Hafravatn is a small lake on the eastern outskirts of Reykjavík, Iceland.	Hafravatn	Iceland
country	Stawek-Kolonia (ˈstavɛk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stawek-Kolonia	Poland
country	Kiswarani (Aymara kiswara Buddleja incana, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with kiswara'', hispanicized spelling Quishuarani) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Kiswarani	Peru
country	Katharinenstraße 9, also Catharinenstraße 9, was a town house in the centre of Hamburg, Germany, built c. 1630-1640.	Katharinenstraße 9	Germany
country	Forsgrenska medborgarhuset or colloquially Medborgarhuset (Swedish for ``The Civic Building'') is a civic hall in Stockholm, Sweden, located on the southern side of Medborgarplatsen, Södermalm.	Medborgarhuset	Sweden
country	Bo Waterside is a town in Grand Cape Mount County, Liberia on the Mano River.	Bo Waterside	Liberia
country	Rasanan (Persian: رسنان‎, also Romanized as Rasanān) is a village in Lavasan-e Bozorg Rural District, Lavasanat District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Rasanan	Iran
country	Glebe Point Road is the main road of the inner city suburb of Glebe in Sydney, Australia.	Glebe Point Road	Australia
country	Naminjeh (Persian: نمينجه‎, also Romanized as Namīnjeh) is a village in Piran Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Naminjeh	Iran
country	The Palazzo Torrigiani Del Nero is a Renaissance-style palace located at Piazza de' Mozzi 5, down the street where the Ponte alle Grazie enters the Oltrarno in Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy .	Palazzo Torrigiani Del Nero	Italy
country	Muwisa (무위사) is a Buddhist temple in Gangjin County, South Jeolla province, South Korea.	Muwisa	South Korea
country	Furqlus (Arabic: الفرقلس‎, Furglus or Furklus) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, east of the city of Homs.	Furqlus	Syria
country	The Rudi Geodetic Point (Romanian: Punctul Geodezic Rudi) is a point of the Struve Geodetic Arc in Rudi, Moldova.	Rudi Geodetic Point	Moldova
country	Mydłów (ˈmɨdwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mydłów	Poland
country	The Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary (Soeurs des Saints Noms de Jésus et de Marie) is a teaching religious institute founded at Longueuil, Québec, Canada in 1843 by Blessed Mother Marie-Rose (Eulalie Durocher, 1811- 1849) for the Christian education of young girls.	Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary	Canada
country	The Swedish Maritime Administration (Swedish: Sjöfartsverket) is the Government agency in Sweden which provides services to the transport sector by keeping the sea lanes open and safe.	Swedish Maritime Administration	Sweden
country	Shir Maghz-e Pain (Persian: شيرمغزپائين‎, also Romanized as Shīr Maghz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shir Maghz-e Pain	Iran
country	Oum Moung is an Angkorian temple in Laos, near to Wat Phou.	Oum Moung	Laos
country	Trinitatis Church is located in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Trinitatis Church	Denmark
country	Gulomakeda (also spelled Gulomahda) is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Gulomahda	Ethiopia
country	Hassanabad Lankeh (Persian: حسن‌آباد لنکه ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District (Sistan and Baluchestan Province), in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hassanabad Lankeh	Iran
country	Puerto Suárez is an inland river port and municipality in Santa Cruz Department, Bolivia.	Puerto Suárez	Bolivia
country	The University of Medical Sciences, Cienfuegos (also Medicine School of Cienfuegos: Dr. Raúl Dorticós Torrado) was established in 1979 in Cienfuegos, Cuba.	University of Medical Sciences, Cienfuegos	Cuba
country	Janežovci (pronounced (ˈjaːnɛʒɔu̯tsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia.	Janežovci	Slovenia
country	Shah Alam Circuit or Batu Tiga Speedway Circuit was a racing circuit in Malaysia.	Shah Alam Circuit	Malaysia
country	The North German Plain or Northern Lowland is one of the major geographical regions of Germany.	North German Plain	Germany
country	Dlhé diely is a part of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia, officially it is part of the Karlova Ves borough.	Dlhé diely	Slovakia
country	Napasar is one of the largest Gram Panchayat of India.	Napasar	India
country	The Falschauer (Italian: Valsura; German: Falschauer) is a river in South Tyrol, Italy.	Falschauer	Italy
country	Valad Khani (Persian: ولدخاني‎, also Romanized as Valad Khānī) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Valad Khani	Iran
country	Protection of the Holy Virgin Memorial Church is a Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (ROCOR) church in Ottawa, Canada.	Protection of the Holy Virgin Memorial Church	Canada
country	The Dupont de Ligonnès murders and disappearance involved the murder of five members of the same family in Nantes, in the département of Loire-Atlantique in north-western France, followed by the disappearance of the father of the family.	Dupont de Ligonnès murders and disappearance	France
country	Retreat Passage is a short strait and marine waterway between Gilford Island (E) and Bonwick Island (W) in the Broughton Archipelago of the eastern Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Retreat Passage	Canada
country	Blagaj Fort (locally known as Stjepan grad) is a town-fortress complex near the town of Blagaj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Blagaj Fort	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Rusthof cemetery (Dutch: begraafplaats Rusthof) is located in Oud-Leusden, Leusden municipality, Utrecht Province, Netherlands.	Rusthof cemetery	Netherlands
country	Fletcher's Fields is a rugby stadium in Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Fletcher's Fields	Canada
country	Thaton (Burmese: သထုံမြို့; MLCTS: sa. htum mrui.; Mon: သဓီု, (kəthɜ̀m)) is a town in Mon State, in southern Myanmar on the Tenasserim plains.	Thaton	Myanmar
country	The 2013 Toronto FC season was Toronto FC's seventh season in Major League Soccer, the top tier of soccer in the United States and Canada.	2013 Toronto FC season	Canada
country	The Carmen Miranda Museum tells the story of the artist who, in a short time became one of the icons of national culture of Brazil.	Carmen Miranda Museum	Brazil
country	Tat Mok National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติตาดหมอก) is a national park in Phetchabun Province, Thailand.	Tat Mok National Park	Thailand
country	Queensland Tennis Centre, known during its development as the Tennyson Tennis Centre, is a tennis venue in Tennyson, Brisbane, Australia.	Queensland Tennis Centre	Australia
country	The University of New Brunswick College, Singapore was the first off-shore campus of Canada's University of New Brunswick and the first by any Canadian institution in Singapore.	University of New Brunswick College, Singapore	Canada
country	Qırlar (also, Gyrlar and Kyrlar) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qırlar	Azerbaijan
country	Băneasa railway station is a railway station in the northern part of Bucharest, Romania.	Băneasa railway station	Romania
country	Kemijärvi railway station is a railway station located in Kemijärvi, Finland.	Kemijärvi railway station	Finland
country	Povorino (Russian: Пово́рино) is a town and the administrative center of Povorinsky District in the east of Voronezh Oblast, Russia.	Povorino	Russia
country	Romanée-Conti is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) and Grand Cru vineyard for red wine in the Côte de Nuits subregion of Burgundy, France, with Pinot noir as the primary grape variety.	Romanée-Conti	France
country	Bzenov (Hungarian: Berzenke) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Bzenov	Slovakia
country	Szombierki (German: Schomberg) is a district of Bytom, Poland.	Szombierki	Poland
country	Šariš Castle (Slovak: Šarišský hrad) is a ruined Gothic and Renaissance era stone castle above the town of Veľký Šariš in Prešov District, Prešov Region, Slovakia.	Šariš Castle	Slovakia
country	Bergues (Dutch: Sint-Winoksbergen) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Bergues	France
country	Gajuwaka is an area lying approximately 15 km to the south of Visakhapatnam City in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Gajuwaka	India
country	Ngwegweni is a village in Umzimvubu Local Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, not far from Mount Ayliff.	Ngwegweni	South Africa
country	Lanu (Persian: لانو‎, also Romanized as Lānū and Lanoo; also known as Lāhnū) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Lanu	Iran
country	Ulążki (uˈlɔ̃ʂki) (German: Ulonsk; 1938-45: Kleinrehbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ulążki	Poland
country	Trematon Castle is situated near Saltash in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trematon Castle	United Kingdom
country	The Coppename Bridge (Dutch: Coppenamebrug) is a bridge over the Coppename River in Suriname, part of the East-West Link.	Coppename Bridge	Suriname
country	The Piani di Pezza is a glacial-karstic-alluvial plain in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, central Italy.	Piani di Pezza	Italy
country	Lava Fork is a creek in northwestern British Columbia, Canada and of the Alaska Panhandle, United States.	Lava Fork	Canada
country	Mieściska (mjɛɕˈt͡ɕiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mieściska	Poland
country	Holmul is a pre-Columbian archaeological site of the Maya civilization, located in the northeastern Petén Basin region in Guatemala, near the modern-day border with Belize.	Holmul	Guatemala
country	Veyhaj (Persian: ويهج‎, also Romanized as Vīhaj and Vīhej; also known as Wahaj) is a village in Badr Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Veyhaj	Iran
country	Tikokino is a village in the Central Hawke's Bay District on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Tikokino	New Zealand
country	Dolna Mitropoliya (Bulgarian: Долна Митрополия, ``Lower Bishopric''; also transliterated as Dolna Mitropolia, Dolna Mitropolija) is a town in Pleven Province of northern Bulgaria, the administrative center of Dolna Mitropoliya municipality.	Dolna Mitropoliya	Bulgaria
country	Boduszewo (bɔduˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Boduszewo	Poland
country	Tarago railway station is located on the Bombala line in New South Wales, Australia.	Tarago railway station	Australia
country	Virmaše (pronounced (ˈʋiːɾmaʃɛ); German: Ermern) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Virmaše	Slovenia
country	Kushk-e Banian (Persian: كوشك بانيان‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Bānīān; also known as Kūshk) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Banian	Iran
country	Dhaka Imperial College (DIC) (Bengali: ঢাকা ইমপিরিয়াল কলেজ) is a co-educational Bangladeshi private College situated in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Dhaka Imperial College	Bangladesh
country	The Satpura Range is a range of hills in central India.	Satpura Range	India
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Southern Ohio is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America with jurisdiction over southern Ohio.	Episcopal Diocese of Southern Ohio	United States of America
country	Lądek-Zdrój (ˈlɔndɛk ˈzdrui̯) (German: Bad Landeck) is a town in Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lądek-Zdrój	Poland
country	Onesi Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Omusati Region of Namibia on the border to Angola.	Onesi Constituency	Namibia
country	The Goro mine is a large nickel mine in the south of New Caledonia, near the township of Yaté, Prony Bay, in the South Province.	Goro mine	New Caledonia
country	Valmiera parish (Latvian: Valmieras pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Burtnieki Municipality, Latvia.	Valmiera parish	Latvia
country	Šķeltova parish (Latvian: Šķeltovas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Aglona Municipality, Latvia.	Šķeltova parish	Latvia
country	The Omdurman Bridge (also known as the Redemption Bridge or the Old White Nile Bridge) is a steel truss bridge in Sudan on the road connecting Khartoum on the White Nile to Omdurman.	Omdurman Bridge	Sudan
country	Château de la Roche Courbon is a large château, developed from an earlier castle, in the Charente-Maritime département of France.	Château de la Roche Courbon	France
country	Peștera Vântului (Wind Cave) is the largest cave in Romania, with a length of almost 52 km (total length of passages).	Peștera Vântului	Romania
country	Seyyed Mohammad Bazar (Persian: سيدمحمدبازار‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Moḩammad Bāzār; also known as Seyyed Moḩammadābād) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Mohammad Bazar	Iran
country	Litene (German: Lettin) is the center of Litene parish, in Gulbene Municipality, in north-eastern Latvia.	Litene	Latvia
country	Bosque Santa Clara is a coastal forest of the La Paz Department, El Salvador.	Bosque Santa Clara	El Salvador
country	Stelągi ((stɛˈlɔŋɡi)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stelągi	Poland
country	Dolisie, known as Loubomo between 1975 and 1991, is a city in the western province of Niari in the Republic of the Congo.	Dolisie	Republic of the Congo
country	Gurasar-e Sofla (Persian: گوراسرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Gūrāsar-e Soflá; also known as Gorahsar-e Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gurasar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Sandneshallen is an indoor multi-use arena in Sandved, Norway.	Sandneshallen	Norway
country	Greendale Secondary School (abbreviation: GDLSS; Simplified Chinese: 绿苑中学) is a secondary school located in Punggol, in the north-eastern part of Singapore.	Greendale Secondary School	Singapore
country	Jakupica (Macedonian: Јакупица ) or Mokra is a mountain range in the central part of the Republic of Macedonia.	Jakupica	Macedonia
country	Arli National Park often called Arly is a national park located in southeastern Burkina Faso.	Arli National Park	Burkina Faso
country	The Marker Wadden is a project aimed at creating islands in the Markermeer in the Netherlands.	Marker Wadden	Netherlands
country	The Wallender Born or Wallenborn (popularly known as the Brubbel) is a cold water geyser in the village Wallenborn (Eifel district, Germany).	Wallender Born	Germany
country	Klanc (pronounced (ˈklaːnts)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobrna in Slovenia.	Klanc	Slovenia
country	Durag-e Atabak (Persian: دورگ اتابك‎, also Romanized as Dūrag-e Ātābak; also known as Dūrakātābak and Dowrak) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Durag-e Atabak	Iran
country	In 2014 QS World University Rankings ranked the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science 24th in the world, 10th in North America and 2nd in Canada in Computer Science in 2014.	David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science	Canada
country	Heiderscheid (Luxembourgish: Heischent) is a small town in northwestern Luxembourg.	Heiderscheid	Luxembourg
country	Don Sila (Thai: ดอนศิลา) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Wiang Chai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Don Sila	Thailand
country	Chéraute (Basque: Sohüta) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Chéraute	France
country	Odzun (Armenian: Օձուն) is a major and historic village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Odzun	Armenia
country	Anchorvale is a neighbourhood of Sengkang New Town in Singapore which is located between Sungei Punggol and Compassvale.	Anchorvale	Singapore
country	Air Europa Líneas Aéreas, S.A.U. is an airline in Spain, the third largest after Iberia and Vueling.	Air Europa	Spain
country	Osmania General Hospital (OGH) is one of the oldest hospitals in India located at Afzal Gunj, Hyderabad, Telangana.	Osmania General Hospital	India
country	Seia (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsɐjɐ)) is a municipality in Guarda District in Portugal.	Seia	Portugal
country	Getterön Nature Reserve (Swedish: Getteröns naturreservat) is a nature reserve at Getterön in Varberg Municipality, Sweden.	Getterön Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	The Valletta Waterfront, also known as Pinto Wharf, is a baroque wharf in Floriana, Malta.	Valletta Waterfront	Malta
country	Andavadoaka Airport (IATA: DVD) is an airport in Andavadoaka, a town in the Toliara Province of the Atsimo-Andrefana region of Madagascar.	Andavadoaka Airport	Madagascar
country	Vəliuşağı (also, Veliushagy and Veliushakhly) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Vəliuşağı	Azerbaijan
country	Caprera is a small island off the coast of Sardinia, Italy, located in the Maddalena archipelago.	Caprera	Italy
country	Southwest China (Chinese: 西南; pinyin: Xīnán) is a region of the People's Republic of China defined by governmental bureaus that includes the municipality of Chongqing, the provinces of Sichuan, Yunnan and Guizhou, and the Tibet Autonomous Region.	Southwest China	People's Republic of China
country	The Djurab Desert is a desert in northern Chad.	Djurab Desert	Chad
country	Neukirch/Lausitz (Sorbian: Wjazońca) is a town in upper Lusatia (Lausitz) in the district of Bautzen in Saxony in eastern Germany.	Neukirch/Lausitz	Germany
country	Eksteenfontein is a town in Namakwa District Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa, on the edge of the Richtersveld World Heritage Site.	Eksteenfontein	South Africa
country	Mull Hill (Manx: Cronk Meayll; also called Meayll Hill or The Mull) is a small hill at the southern end of the Isle of Man, just outside the village of Cregneash.	Mull Hill	Isle of Man
country	Indios de San Francisco de Macorís is a professional basketball team based in San Francisco de Macorís, Duarte, Dominican Republic.	Indios de San Francisco de Macorís	Dominican Republic
country	Wasi Qaqa (Quechua wasi house, qaqa rock, ``house rock'', hispanicized spelling Huasijaja) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 m (15,748 ft) high.	Wasi Qaqa	Peru
country	Lokovina (pronounced (ˈloːkɔʋina)) is a settlement west of Dobrna in Slovenia.	Lokovina	Slovenia
country	Savigny-le-Temple is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne Department of France in the Île-de-France in north-central France.	Savigny-le-Temple	France
country	Basht County (Persian: شهرستان باشت‎) is a county in Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province in Iran.	Basht County	Iran
country	The University of Kufa is an Iraqi university located in Najaf, Iraq.	University of Kufa	Iraq
country	The Bayan College for Science & Technology (Arabic:كلية البيان للعلوم و التكنلوجيا ) is an educational institution based in the city of Khartoum, Sudan.	Bayan College for Science & Technology	Sudan
country	Reykjanesviti is Iceland's oldest lighthouse.	Reykjanesviti	Iceland
country	The Leopold Quarter (French: Quartier Léopold, Dutch: Leopoldswijk ) is a quarter of Brussels, Belgium.	Leopold Quarter	Belgium
country	Approximately 6,133 hectares of the Dresden Heath are designated as a nature preserve, making it one of the largest municipal forests in Germany by area.	Dresden Heath	Germany
country	The Old Provost is a military prison finished in early 1838 as part of efforts to fortify the small city of Grahamstown, in the Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Old Provost	South Africa
country	The Château de Groussay is located in the town of Montfort-l'Amaury, in the Department of Yvelines, west of Paris, in France.	Château de Groussay	France
country	Brebeuf College School (Brebeuf College, BCS, or Brebeuf) is a publicly funded Roman Catholic all-boys high school in Toronto, Canada founded by the Jesuits (Society of Jesus) in 1963 and associated with the Presentation Brothers since 1984.	Brebeuf College School	Canada
country	Trzemeszno (tʂɛˈmɛʂnɔ) (German: Tremessen) is a town in central Poland belonging to the group of the oldest settlements in the region.	Trzemeszno	Poland
country	Rząbiec (ˈʐɔmbjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Rząbiec	Poland
country	Český Brod (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtʃɛskiː ˈbrot); German: Böhmisch Brod) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Český Brod	Czech Republic
country	Balochistan Arts Council (BAC) is an arts center and cultural exhibition center in Quetta, Pakistan.	Balochistan Arts Council	Pakistan
country	Eidskyrkja or Kyrkjefjellet is a mountain in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Eidskyrkja	Norway
country	Feriköy Protestant Cemetery (Turkish: Feriköy Protestan Mezarlığı) officially called Evangelicorum Commune Coemeterium is a Christian cemetery in Istanbul, Turkey.	Feriköy Protestant Cemetery	Turkey
country	Nishtar Hospital is a teaching hospital of Nishtar Medical College, located in Multan, Pakistan.	Nishtar Hospital	Pakistan
country	The Great Lakes Depression (Mongolian: Их нууруудын хотгор, Ikh Nuuruudyn Khotgor), also called the Great Lakes' Hollow is a large semi-arid depression in Mongolia that covers parts of the Uvs, Khovd, Bayan-Ölgii, Zavkhan and Govi-Altai aimags.	Great Lakes Depression	Mongolia
country	Əmbərçay (also, Emberchay) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əmbərçay	Azerbaijan
country	Paris Nord (or the Gare du Nord, ``North Station'', pronounced: (ɡaʁ dy nɔːʁ)) is one of the six large terminus stations of the SNCF mainline network for Paris, France.	Gare du Nord	France
country	The Grimsel Pass (German: Grimselpass) is a mountain pass in Switzerland, crossing the Bernese Alps at an elevation of 2,164 metres (7,100 ft).	Grimsel Pass	Switzerland
country	Bouïra (Berber: Tubirett) is the capital of Bouïra Province, Algeria.	Bouïra	Algeria
country	Ar Rakiyat is a village in Qatar, located in the municipality of Ash Shamal.	Ar Rakiyat	Qatar
country	Založje (Serbian: Заложје) is a village in the municipality of Breza, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Založje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Furuset Forum is an indoor sports arena located in the eastern parts of Oslo, Norway.	Furuset Forum	Norway
country	Vila Viçosa (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvilɐ viˈsɔzɐ)) is a municipality in the District of Évora in Portugal.	Vila Viçosa	Portugal
country	Mirza Nezam (Persian: ميرزانظام‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā Nez̧ām) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mirza Nezam	Iran
country	Nsoko is a town in southern Swaziland about 5 kilometres from the border with South Africa.	Nsoko	Swaziland
country	The North Autobahn (A5) is a motorway, or Autobahn, in Lower Austria and part of European route E461.	North Autobahn	Austria
country	Beiarfjorden is a fjord in Nordland, Norway, mostly within the municipality of Beiarn.	Beiarfjorden	Norway
country	Klesno (ˈklɛsnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Klesno	Poland
country	Ərəb Qubalı (also, Ərəbqubalı, Arab-Kubali, Arabkubaly, Kubali, and Kubalikend) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərəb Qubalı	Azerbaijan
country	Talmei Yaffe (Hebrew: תַּלְמֵי יָפֶה, lit. Yaffe Furrows) is a moshav shitufi in southern Israel.	Talmei Yaffe	Israel
country	Nemešany (Hungarian: Nemessány) is a village and municipality in Levoča District in the Prešov Region of central-eastern Slovakia.	Nemešany	Slovakia
country	La`assa, also known as Lahassa, is a town in the northern Obock region of Djibouti.	La`assa	Djibouti
country	Zorenci (pronounced (zɔˈɾeːntsi)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Lahinja River south of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Zorenci	Slovenia
country	Mityana, is a town in the Central Region of Uganda.	Mityana	Uganda
country	Juru kunci are the custodians of graveyards and other sites considered sacred in Java, Indonesia.	Juru kunci	Indonesia
country	The Central Sulawesi Christian Church (Indonesian: Gereja Kristen Sulawesi Tengah) is the largest Christian church in Central Sulawesi, Indonesia, it belongs to the Reformed family of churches.	Central Sulawesi Christian Church	Indonesia
country	The Rahmatabad Mound or the Rahmatabad Tepe (5th millennium BC) is one of the most historically significant settlements in Marvdasht, Persia (Iran) measuring 115 m in length and 75 m in width and 4.5 m in height.	Rahmatabad Mound	Iran
country	Kozyrevsk Airport (ICAO: UHPO) is an airport in Russia located 3 km northeast of Kozyrevsk.	Kozyrevsk Airport	Russia
country	Prospect Knights FC played all their home games at the Prospect Park Sports Complex, off Harley Parade in Prospect, a western suburb of Launceston, Tasmania, Australia.	Prospect Knights FC	Australia
country	Doncaster PSB (Power Signal Box) is a signalling centre on the East Coast Main Line railway in the United Kingdom, principally covering the line from London to Edinburgh but also encompassing other lines diverging and converging to the ECML.	Doncaster PSB	United Kingdom
country	Parsa Wildlife Reserve is a protected area in the Inner Terai lowlands of south-central Nepal.	Parsa Wildlife Reserve	Nepal
country	Grand Bend Motorplex is a dedicated multi-use motorsports facility located southeast of Grand Bend, Ontario, Canada.	Grand Bend Motorplex	Canada
country	Athmallik (Odia: ଆଠମଲ୍ଲିକ) is a town and a notified area committee and a Sub division of Angul district in the state of Odisha, India.	Athmallik	India
country	The Karakoro River is a small seasonal tributary of the Sénégal River that forms part of the Mauritania-Mali border.	Karakoro River	Mauritania	Mali
country	Dristner (2,767 m) is a mountain in the Zillertal, Austria.	Dristner	Austria
country	The Citizens Electoral Council of Australia (CEC) is a minor political party in Australia affiliated with the international LaRouche Movement, led by American political activist and conspiracy theorist Lyndon LaRouche.	Citizens Electoral Council	Australia
country	Dubai Drydocks is a dry docks facility located adjacent to Port Rashid in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Drydocks	United Arab Emirates
country	The Castillo de Belmonte is a medieval castle on the hill of San Cristobal, just outside the village of Belmonte in the southwest of the province of Cuenca in Spain.	Castillo de Belmonte	Spain
country	Limanowa (lʲima'nɔva) (German: Ilmenau, Yiddish: לימינוב‎ Liminuv) is a small town (population 14,624 as of 2005) in southern Poland, in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship.	Limanowa	Poland
country	Lephephe, also known as Lehepe or Lephepe, is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana.	Lephephe	Botswana
country	Fergusson Island is the largest island of the D'Entrecasteaux Islands, in Papua New Guinea.	Fergusson Island	Papua New Guinea
country	German submarine U-373 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out thirteen patrols before being sunk by a British aircraft in June 1944 in the Bay of Biscay.	German submarine U-373	Nazi Germany
country	Borzymów (bɔˈʐɨmuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Borzymów	Poland
country	Smarzykowo (smaʐɨˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Smarzykowo	Poland
country	IS Halmia is a football club, located in Halmstad, Sweden.	IS Halmia	Sweden
country	Arcillera is a small village in the province of Zamora, Spain, close to the border with Portugal.	Arcillera	Spain
country	Mazeh Vahregan (Persian: مازه وهرگان‎, also Romanized as Māzeh Vahregān) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mazeh Vahregan	Iran
country	San Francesco alle Scale is a church in Ancona, central Italy.	San Francesco alle Scale	Italy
country	Upper Peirce Reservoir (Chinese: 贝雅士蓄水池上段) is Singapore's fourth reservoir.	Upper Peirce Reservoir	Singapore
country	Landing Zone Hereford was a U.S. Army base located northeast of Vĩnh Thạnh District, Bình Định in central Vietnam.	Landing Zone Hereford	Vietnam
country	The Staatliches Filmarchiv der DDR (SFA) (``State Film Archive of the GDR'') was the central film archive of the GDR (East Germany).	Staatliches Filmarchiv der DDR	East Germany
country	The Jardin botanique d'Èze, also called the Jardin exotique d'Èze or simply the Jardin d'Èze, is a botanical garden located on the Place du Général de Gaulle in Èze, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Jardin botanique d'Èze	France
country	Viktor Rydberg Gymnasium (VRG) is a group of three gymnasium (upper secondary schools) in Stockholm, Sweden named after the famous Swedish author Viktor Rydberg.	Viktor Rydberg Gymnasium	Sweden
country	Prokowo (prɔˈkɔvɔ) is a big village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prokowo	Poland
country	Hrodna Airport (IATA: GNA, ICAO: UMMG) is an airport that serves Grodno, Belarus.	Hrodna Airport	Belarus
country	As of 2011 India census, Bariawas had a population of 753 in 144 households.	Bariawas	India
country	Bor-Öndör (Mongolian: Бор-Өндөр) is a city in Khentii Province in eastern Mongolia.	Bor-Öndör	Mongolia
country	Sömmerda is a town near Erfurt in Thuringia, Germany, on the Unstrut river.	Sömmerda	Germany
country	Baie-Saint-Paul (2011 Population 7,332; UA population 4,535) is a city in the Province of Quebec, Canada, on the northern shore of the Saint Lawrence River.	Baie-Saint-Paul	Canada
country	Črnomelj (pronounced (tʃəɾˈnoːməl); in older sources also Černomelj, German: Tschernembl, Italian: Cernomegli) is a town in southeastern Slovenia.	Črnomelj	Slovenia
country	The 2011 German Grand Prix, formally the Formula 1 Großer Preis Santander von Deutschland 2011, was a Formula One motor race that was held on 24 July 2011, at the Nürburgring in Nürburg, Germany.	2011 German Grand Prix	Germany
country	Laudat is a small village in the interior of Dominica, nestled between 3 mountains:	Laudat	Dominica
country	Lake Ülemiste (Estonian: Ülemiste järv) is the largest of the lakes surrounding Tallinn, Estonia.	Lake Ülemiste	Estonia
country	Golamreh (Persian: گلامره‎, also Romanized as Golāmreh) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Golamreh	Iran
country	Tuczno (ˈtut͡ʂnɔ) (German: Tütz) is a town in Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland, with 2,014 inhabitants (2004).	Tuczno	Poland
country	Toropets (Russian: Торо́пец) is a town and the administrative center of Toropetsky District in Tver Oblast, Russia, located where the Toropa River enters Lake Solomennoye.	Toropets	Russia
country	Alberta Beach is a village in central Alberta, Canada, west of Edmonton.	Alberta Beach	Canada
country	Dammam Community College (كلية المجتمع في الدمام) is a college located in Saudi Arabia Eastern Province, the college offers two years Associate Degree of six majors, Computer Information and Technology, Accounting, Marketing, Supply Chain Management, Human Resource Management and Safety Technology.	Dammam Community College	Saudi Arabia
country	Sosnowiec ((sɔˈsnɔvʲɛt͡s); German: Sosnowitz) is a city county in Zagłębie Dąbrowskie in southern Poland and also part of the Silesian Metropolis municipal association.	Sosnowiec	Poland
country	Ashkeh Tochal (Persian: اشكه تچال‎, also Romanized as Ashkeh Tochāl; also known as Ashgeh Tochāl) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ashkeh Tochal	Iran
country	Torre Astura, formerly an island called by the ancients merely Astura (Greek: Ἄστυρα), is now a peninsula in the comune of Nettuno, on the coast of Latium, Italy, at the southeast extremity of the Bay of Antium, on the road to Circeii.	Torre Astura	Italy
country	Hévíz (German: Heuwies) is a spa town in Zala County, Hungary, about 8 kilometres (5 miles) from Keszthely.	Hévíz	Hungary
country	Urmis (also, Urumys) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.	Urmis	Azerbaijan
country	The Centrepoint is a shopping mall in Singapore which opened in 1983 as Centrepoint Shopping Centre (or just Centrepoint) until its renaming in 2006 as The Centrepoint.	The Centrepoint	Singapore
country	Somerhill House is a Grade I listed Jacobean mansion situated near Tonbridge, Kent, United Kingdom.	Somerhill House	United Kingdom
country	Benleagh (Irish: Binn Liath, meaning ``Grey Peak'') is a mountain in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Benleagh	Ireland
country	Jabairpur is a small town and eastern suburb of Chakwal in Chakwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Jabairpur	Pakistan
country	Navascués (Nabaskoze in Basque) is a town and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Navarre in northern Spain.	Navascués	Spain
country	Zaušje (Serbian Cyrillic: Заушје) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zaušje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Nadbór (ˈnadbur) (formerly German Nadebahr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nadbór	Poland
country	The nearby airport is Madurai Airport which is approximately 100 kilometres from Veeravanoor, and it offers flights to major cities in southern and western India.	Veeravanoor	India
country	The Moonie Highway is a state highway of Queensland, Australia.	Moonie Highway	Australia
country	Plaza de los hornos púnicos y fenicios is a plaza located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Plaza de los hornos púnicos y fenicios	Spain
country	Vitino (Russian: Витино) is an oil port on the White Sea in Russia.	Vitino	Russia
country	Toshkun (Persian: تشكون‎, also Romanized as Toshkūn; also known as Towshkūn) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Toshkun	Iran
country	Oud Sluis is a former restaurant in Sluis, Netherlands.	Oud Sluis	Netherlands
country	Guiren District (Chinese: 歸仁區; Hanyu Pinyin: Guīrén Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Gueirén Cyu; Wade--Giles: Kui1-jen2 Ch'ü1) is a rural district in southern Tainan, Taiwan.	Guiren District	Taiwan
country	The Mania River is a river in Madagascar that flows from the central mountains of the island, emptying into the Mozambique Channel.	Mania River	Madagascar
country	Yangambi Airport is a small airport serving the town of Yangambi, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Yangambi Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Tsakuri (Armenian: Ծակուռի, also Tsakeyto, Tsakouri, and Tsakurri) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Tsakuri	Azerbaijan
country	The 10-km-long Guayaques chain of N-S-trending rhyodacitic lava domes runs across the Chile-Bolivia border about 10 km. east of the Cerro Toco - Purico Complex.	Guayaques	Chile	Bolivia
country	Miandaraq (Persian: مياندرق‎, also Romanized as Mīāndaraq) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Miandaraq	Iran
country	RIM Park is a 500-acre (2 km²) city park facility on the northeast side of the city of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, close to the neighbourhood of Eastbridge.	RIM Park	Canada
country	The University of Colombo (Sinhalese: කොළඹ විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය, Tamil: கொழும்புப் பல்கலைக்கழகம்) (informally Colombo University or UoC) is a public research university located primarily in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	University of Colombo	Sri Lanka
country	San Donato di Lecce is a town and comune of 5,837 inhabitants in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.	San Donato di Lecce	Italy
country	Thạnh Phú is commune-level town and capital of Thạnh Phú District in Bến Tre Province in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam.	Thạnh Phú	Vietnam
country	Taitung County (Chinese: 台東縣 or 臺東縣; pinyin: Táidōng Xiàn) is the third largest county in Taiwan, located in the eastern coast.	Taitung County	Taiwan
country	Cairo Metro Line 3 is a main line of the Cairo Metro mass transit system in Greater Cairo, Egypt.	Cairo Metro Line 3	Egypt
country	Kolonia Fryderyk (kɔˈlɔɲa frɨˈdɛrɨk) is a village in Gmina Gorzyce, Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Kolonia Fryderyk	Poland
country	The Lunca Joasă a Prutului Inferior Natural Park (Romanian: Parcul Natural Lunca Joasă a Prutului Inferior) is a protected area (natural park category V IUCN) situated in Romania, in Galați County.	Lunca Joasă a Prutului Inferior Natural Park	Romania
country	Haradh is a small village in Al-Hasa, Saudi Arabia.	Haradh	Saudi Arabia
country	Podsrnetica (Cyrillic: Подсрнетица) is a village in the municipality of Petrovac, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Podsrnetica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Tasmanian Greens are a political party in Australia which developed from numerous environmental campaigns in Tasmania, including the flooding of Lake Pedder and the Franklin Dam campaign.	Tasmanian Greens	Australia
country	Akhunbabaev (also Oxunboboyev) is a town in Andijan Region, Uzbekistan.	Akhunbabaev	Uzbekistan
country	Oxford Falls Grammar School is a private, co-educational K - Year 12 non-denominational Christian school in Oxford Falls, Sydney, NSW, Australia.	Oxford Falls Grammar School	Australia
country	Sfax War Cemetery is a war cemetery located near Sfax, Tunisia, maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.	Sfax War Cemetery	Tunisia
country	Popowa Wola (pɔˈpɔva ˈvɔla) (German: Pfaffendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Popowa Wola	Poland
country	Bongjeongsa is a Korean Buddhist temple on the slopes of Mount Cheondeung in Andong city, North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.	Bongjeongsa	South Korea
country	Statue of Janko Kráľ is located in the middle of Sad Janka Kráľa (literally Janko Kráľ Park/Garden) in the Petržalka borough in Bratislava, Slovakia.	Statue of Janko Kráľ	Slovakia
country	Stary Helenów (ˈstarɨ xɛˈlɛnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Helenów	Poland
country	Nea Kessani (Greek: Νέα Κεσσάνη) is a settlement in the Abdera municipal unit, Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Nea Kessani	Greece
country	Wat Botum Vathey (Khmer: វត្តបុទម, lit. Temple of the Lotus Blossoms) is a wat located at Oknha Suor Srun Street 7, Sangkat Chaktomuk, Khan Daun Penh, Phnom Penh, Cambodia.	Wat Botum	Cambodia
country	Kastro-Kyllini (Greek: Κάστρο-Κυλλήνη) is a former municipality in Elis, West Greece, Greece.	Kastro-Kyllini	Greece
country	Garrotxa is a comarca (county) in Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Garrotxa	Spain
country	Arab Banking Corporation (also called Bank ABC) is an international bank headquartered in Bahrain, and incorporated as a joint stock company in 1980 through a special decree by the Amir of Bahrain.	Arab Banking Corporation	Bahrain
country	St. John's Institution (Malay: Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan St. John) is a secondary school for boys (sixth form is co-ed) and is one of the oldest schools in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	St. John's Institution	Malaysia
country	Aalborg Shipyard (Danish: Aalborg Vaerft A/S) was a shipyard located in Aalborg, Denmark.	Aalborg Shipyard	Denmark
country	VIM Avia, commonly known as VIM Airlines, is an airline based in Moscow, Russia, operating international scheduled and charter, passenger and cargo flights out of Moscow Domodedovo Airport, as well as offering aircraft wet lease.	VIM Airlines	Russia
country	Doibani I (Ukrainian: Дойбани, Doibany, Russian: Дойбаны) is a commune in the Dubăsari sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova.	Doibani I	Moldova
country	Pokoše (pronounced (pɔˈkoːʃɛ)) is a village northeast of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Pokoše	Slovenia
country	Ilkhchi-ye Sofla (Persian: ايلخچي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Īlkhchī-ye Soflá; also known as Īlchi-ye Soflá and Īlkhchīh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ilkhchi-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Newbridge-on-Usk (Welsh: Pontnewydd ar Wysg) is a hamlet in the village and parish of Tredunnock, near Usk, Monmouthshire, south east Wales, in the United Kingdom.	Newbridge-on-Usk	United Kingdom
country	Shingkhar Gewog (Dzongkha: ཤིང་མཁར་) is a gewog (village block) of Zhemgang District, Bhutan.	Shingkhar Gewog	Bhutan
country	The Myitsone Dam (Burmese: မြစ်ဆုံ တာတမံ (mjɪʔsʰòʊɴ tàtəmàɴ); lit. the Confluence Dam) is a large dam and hydroelectric power development project at the confluence of the Mali and N’mai rivers and the source of the Irawaddy River (Ayeyawady River) in Burma (Myanmar).	Myitsone Dam	Myanmar
country	Kolonia Gąski (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɡɔ̃ski) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kolonia Gąski	Poland
country	Panjgur Airport (IATA: PJG, ICAO: OPPG) is a domestic and partially International airport, located at Panjgur, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Panjgur Airport	Pakistan
country	Hanko Northern railway station (abbrev. Hkp, Finnish: Hanko-Pohjoisen seisake and Swedish: Hangö Norra) is a railway stop in the port city of Hanko, Finland along the Hanko-Hyvinkää Railroad.	Hanko Northern railway station	Finland
country	The Wittmoor Measurement and Reception Station in Holm, Pinneberg district, northern Germany, is an equipment of the Norddeutscher Rundfunk (North German broadcasting company) for the supervision of the broadcasting frequencies in the southern Pinneberg district and the western area of Hamburg.	Wittmoor Measurement and Reception Station	Germany
country	The Saanich Pioneer Museum is a museum dedicated to the history and settling pioneers of the Saanich Peninsula in Canada.	Saanich Pioneer Museum	Canada
country	Dizaj-e Malek (Persian: ديزج ملك‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Malek and Dīzaj Malek; also known as Diza, Dīzaj, and Dīzeh) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Malek	Iran
country	Tangier Exportation Free Zone is a free economic zone located south of Tangier, Morocco.	Tangier Exportation Free Zone	Morocco
country	The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 is a law in the United Kingdom which made it unlawful to, amongst other things, transmit an automated recorded message for direct marketing purposes via a telephone, without prior consent of the subscriber.	Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003	United Kingdom
country	Kano Municipal is a Local Government Area within the Kano Urban Area in Kano State, also kown as capital of kano state, Nigeria.	Kano Municipal	Nigeria
country	Cotopaxi International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Cotopaxi) (IATA: LTX, ICAO: SELT) is an airport in Latacunga, the capital of the province of Cotopaxi in Ecuador.	Cotopaxi International Airport	Ecuador
country	Modane (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ.dan); Italian: Modana) is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.	Modane	France
country	In the same way, the rulers of two other important princedoms, Sonbai in West Timor and Likusaen (Liquica) in East Timor, were often referred as Liurais, which indicated a symbolic tripartition of the island.	Liurai	East Timor
country	Exo Chora (Greek: Έξω Χώρα) is a village and a community on Zakynthos island, Greece.	Exo Chora	Greece
country	Muxtar (Armenian: Մխիթարիշեն - Mkhitarishen) (also Mkhitarkent) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Muxtar	Azerbaijan
country	Gorenje Selce (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈsɛːu̯tsɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Selce	Slovenia
country	Fiordland is a geographic region of New Zealand in the south-western corner of the South Island, comprising the western-most third of Southland.	Fiordland	New Zealand
country	Haflong (Assamese: হাফলং) is a town and headquarters of North Cachar Hills in India in the state of Assam.	Haflong	India
country	The Allalinhorn (4,027 m (13,212 ft)) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland.	Allalinhorn	Switzerland
country	Gabriel Taapopi Senior Secondary School, also known as GT, is a governmental secondary school in Ongwediva in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia.	Gabriel Taapopi Senior Secondary School	Namibia
country	Club Destroyers is a football club from Santa Cruz, Bolivia currently playing in the second division Nacional B and the Santa Cruz Primera A, one of the third division regional leagues.	Club Destroyers	Bolivia
country	Jenapharm is a pharmaceutical company from Jena, Germany.	Jenapharm	Germany
country	Sagfjord Church (Norwegian: Sagfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Sagfjord Church	Norway
country	Devič was declared Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990, and it is protected by the Republic of Serbia.	Devič	Serbia
country	La Garde-Freinet is a commune in the Var department in the Côte d'Azur area in southeastern France.	La Garde-Freinet	France
country	San Sai Ngam (Thai: สันทรายงาม) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Thoeng District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	San Sai Ngam	Thailand
country	The Eastern Himalayan subalpine conifer forests is a temperate coniferous forests ecoregion which is found in the middle and upper elevations of the eastern Middle Himalayas, in western Nepal, Bhutan and northern Indian states including Arunachal Pradesh.	Eastern Himalayan subalpine conifer forests	Bhutan
country	The South-Link Line (Chinese: 南迴線; pinyin: Nánhuí Xiàn) is a line of the Taiwan Railways Administration running along the southern tip of the island of Taiwan, connecting the eastern and western coasts.	South-Link Line	Taiwan
country	Koewacht is a village on the border between the Netherlands and Belgium.	Koewacht	Netherlands	Belgium
country	Trady railway station served an area between Tooban and Farland Point in County Donegal, Ireland.	Trady railway station	Ireland
country	The Torani Canal in northeastern Guyana was constructed to transfer water from the Berbice River to the Canje River.	Torani Canal	Guyana
country	Howse Pass (el. 1,539 m or 5,049 ft) is a pass through the Rocky Mountains in Canada.	Howse Pass	Canada
country	The Boulzane River is a river in the south of France.	Boulzane	France
country	Engenhoca is one of the 48 administrative districts in which the city of Niterói, Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is divided.	Engenhoca	Brazil
country	Voinjama Airport (IATA: VOI, ICAO: GLVA) is an airport serving the town of Voinjama, Liberia.	Voinjama Airport	Liberia
country	Aldi Talk (also known as MEDIONmobile) is a mobile virtual network operator in Germany, Australia, Belgium, and the Netherlands.	Aldi Talk	Germany
country	The Sutton Range is a mountain range on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located in the area between the headwaters of the Nimpkish River and those of the White River.	Sutton Range	Canada
country	Lewis Pass (el. 864 m.) is a mountain pass in the South Island of New Zealand.	Lewis Pass	New Zealand
country	Gourri (Greek: Γούρρι) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, found on a rough side at the foothill of the Machaira mountain, in the geographical region of Pitsilia.	Gourri	Cyprus
country	Öckerö is an island and a locality and the seat of Öckerö Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 3,488 inhabitants in 2010.	Öckerö	Sweden
country	Matugga is an urban centre in the Central Region of Uganda.	Matugga	Uganda
country	Eteke is a place in the region of Province de la Ngounie in Gabon at 1°30'0`` south of the equator and 11°28'48'' east of the Greenwich Prime Meridian.	Eteke	Gabon
country	Gabanes is a village located in the Polish Valley, Provincia de Burgos, Castilla y León, Spain.	Gabanes	Spain
country	Pasikonie (paɕiˈkɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pasikonie	Poland
country	The national clubhouse of the motorcycle club Blue Angels in Belgium is located in Erpe.	Erpe	Belgium
country	Jarahi Rural District (Persian: دهستان جراحی‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jarahi Rural District	Iran
country	The church of the Graziella al Porto Napoli or Santa Maria delle Grazie al Porto Napoli is a small Roman Catholic temple in Naples, Italy.	Graziella al Porto Napoli	Italy
country	Mowtowr-e Naser Gargij (Persian: موتور ناصرگرگيج‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nāşer Gargīj) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Naser Gargij	Iran
country	The KGB, an initialism for Komitet gosudarstvennoy bezopasnosti (Russian: Комите́т госуда́рственной безопа́сности (КГБ); IPA: (kəmʲɪˈtʲɛt ɡəsʊˈdarstʲvʲɪnnəj bʲɪzɐˈpasnəsʲtʲɪ), translated in English as Committee for State Security), was the main security agency for the Soviet Union from 1954 until its break-up in 1991.	KGB	Soviet Union
country	Lajpat Nagar was developed in 1950s and most of its early residents were Hindus and Sikhs moving east from newly formed Pakistan following the partition of India in 1947.	Lajpat Nagar	India
country	The Arrondissement of Waremme (French: Arrondissement de Waremme; Dutch: Arrondissement Borgworm) is one of the four administrative arrondissements in the Province of Liège, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Waremme	Belgium
country	Gmina Niwiska is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Gmina Niwiska	Poland
country	Benina International Airport (IATA: BEN, ICAO: HLLB) (Arabic: مطار بنينة الدولي‎) serves Benghazi, Libya.	Benina International Airport	Libya
country	Zinjibar (Arabic: زنجبار‎ Zinjibār) is a port and coastal town in south-central Yemen, the capital of Zinjibar District and the Abyan Governorate.	Zinjibar	Yemen
country	Bozgaru (Persian: بزگرو‎, also Romanized as Bozgarū) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bozgaru	Iran
country	Chachro is a taluka (tehsil) in the Tharparkar District of Sindh, Pakistan.	Chachro	Pakistan
country	Hammarbyhöjden is a suburban city district in Stockholm, Sweden.	Hammarbyhöjden	Sweden
country	Pro Patria and Res Publica Union (Estonian: Isamaa ja Res Publica Liit, IRL) is a conservative political party in Estonia.	Pro Patria and Res Publica Union	Estonia
country	Kurile Lake (Russian: Кури́льское о́зеро ``Kuril’skoye Ozero'', aka ``Keuay'') is a large caldera containing a crater lake located at the southern tip of Kamchatka Peninsula, within the Southern Kamchatka Wildlife Refuge in Russia.	Kurile Lake	Russia
country	Deemed university, or Deemed-to-be-University, is a status of autonomy granted by the Department of Higher Education in the Union Human Resource Development Ministry, India, on the advice of the UGC, under Section 3 of UGC Act, 1956.	Deemed university	India
country	Toroslar is a municipality and district governorate in Greater Mersin, Turkey.	Toroslar	Turkey
country	The Northern BC Centre for Skating (formerly The Spruce City Skating Club) is an ice skating centre in the city of Prince George, British Columbia, Canada.	Northern BC Centre for Skating	Canada
country	Åsum is a village and eastern suburb of Odense, Funen, Denmark.	Åsum	Denmark
country	Vrelo Bune is the natural and architectural ensemble at the Buna river spring near Blagaj kasaba (village-town) and a part of the wider ``Townscape ensemble of the town of Blagaj - Historical and Natural Heritage of Bosnia and Herzegovina'', southeast of Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrelo Bune	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	St Martin's at St Chad's is an Anglican church located in Auckland, New Zealand.	St Martin's at St Chad's	New Zealand
country	Halad (Persian: حلد‎, also Romanized as Ḩalad) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Halad	Iran
country	Verin Nedzhirlu (also, Verkhniy Nedzhirlu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Verin Nedzhirlu	Armenia
country	The Inca de Oro mine is a large copper mine located in northern Chile in Atacama Region.	Inca de Oro mine	Chile
country	Zamkowa Wola (zamˈkɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zamkowa Wola	Poland
country	Nykøbing Falster, Denmark Putbus auf Rügen, Germany Lawrence, Kansas, US Each summer, Lawrence and Eutin take part in an exchange program, where high-school students from Lawrence and college students from the University of Kansas study in Eutin, while German students from Eutin come to Lawrence to study.	Eutin	Germany
country	Vorma is a river in Norway that brings water from lake Mjøsa into the Glomma river.	Vorma	Norway
country	Lake Manitou is the largest lake on Manitoulin Island in Ontario, Canada.	Lake Manitou	Canada
country	Bežanija (Serbian Cyrillic: Бежанија, pronounced (bɛʒǎnija)) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Bežanija	Serbia
country	Society Five was a gay rights organisation formed in Melbourne, Australia, in January 1971, as the local branch of the national Campaign Against Moral Persecution network.	Society Five	Australia
country	Schaffhausen, Switzerland, since 1952 Corbeil-Essonnes, France, since 1961 Sondrio, Italy, since 1962 Dronfield, United Kingdom, since 1971 Győr, Hungary, since 1987 Torgau, Germany, since 1987 Chełm, Poland, since 2001 Sindelfingen is a member city of Eurotowns network	Sindelfingen	Germany
country	Setamiyeh-ye Bozorg (Persian: سطاميه بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Setāmīyeh-ye Bozorg; also known as Sattamiyeh and Setāmīyeh-ye Bozory) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Setamiyeh-ye Bozorg	Iran
country	It covers an area of some 50 × 70 km, and thereby roughly 3 000 km², making the Westerwald one of Germany's biggest mountain ranges by area.	Westerwald	Germany
country	Bystrzyca Kłodzka (bɨsˈtʂɨt͡sa ˈkwɔt͡ska) (German: Habelschwerdt, Czech: Kladská Bystřice) is a city in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland.	Bystrzyca Kłodzka	Poland
country	Hjelmelandsvågen is the administrative centre of Hjelmeland municipality, Norway.	Hjelmelandsvågen	Norway
country	Khormai (Persian: خرمايي‎, also Romanized as Khormā’ī; also known as Hormā’ī, Khowrmeh, and Khūrmai) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khormai	Iran
country	The Perth Mint is Australia's official bullion mint.	Perth Mint	Australia
country	Valamara is a mountain in eastern Albania in the district of Korçë.	Valamara	Albania
country	Lankaran International Airport (Azerbaijani: Lənkəran Hava Limanı) is an airport serving Lankaran, a city in Azerbaijan.	Lankaran International Airport	Azerbaijan
country	To prevent Marquess of Wellington's army invading France in 1813, Marshal Soult built a line of fortifications and entrenchments along the river Nivelle from the sea inland to fortified rocks on Mount Mondarrain.	Mondarrain	France
country	Bamenda, also known as Abakwa and Mankon Town, is a city in northwestern Cameroon and capital of the North West Region.	Bamenda	Cameroon
country	Pidie Jaya Regency is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the Aceh Special region of Indonesia.	Pidie Jaya Regency	Indonesia
country	The Movement of Free Citizens (Greek: Κίνημα Ελευθέρων Πολιτών, ΚΕΠ), also known by its acronym KEP, was a short-lived, right-of-center political party in Greece.	Movement of Free Citizens	Greece
country	Kunów (ˈkunuf) is a town in Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,153 inhabitants (2004).	Kunów	Poland
country	During the New Year period, from the first to the third of January, Kashima Shrine is visited by over 600,000 people from all over Japan.	Kashima Shrine	Japan
country	Nenavali Caves are located at Sudhagad at Raigad, India.	Nenavali Caves	India
country	Sierre (German: Siders) is the capital of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Sierre	Switzerland
country	Singanapalem village is in Mundlamuru mandal, located in Prakasam district, India.	Singanapalem	India
country	Horstdorf is a village and a former municipality in the district of Wittenberg, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Horstdorf	Germany
country	Koh Kong Safari World is a zoo in Cambodia, located 500m from the border crossing to Thailand.	Koh Kong Safari World	Cambodia
country	Mandarin Restaurant Franchise Corporation is a chain of all-you-can-eat Chinese-Canadian buffets in Ontario, Canada.	Mandarin Restaurant	Canada
country	Britannia Hotels is a United Kingdom based hotel group with 51 hotels across the country.	Britannia Hotels	United Kingdom
country	Velka (pronounced (ˈʋeːlka)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills to the northeast of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia, next to the border with Austria.	Velka	Slovenia
country	The Fondation Jean Dausset-CEPH or CEPH (French: Centre d'Etude du Polymorphisme Humain, Center for the Study of Human Polymorphisms) is an international genetic research center located in Paris, France.	Fondation Jean Dausset-CEPH	France
country	Żurczyn (ˈʐurt͡ʂɨn) (German: Louisenheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Żurczyn	Poland
country	Kensal Rise Library was a public library situated in London, United Kingdom, opened by American author Mark Twain in 1900.	Kensal Rise Library	United Kingdom
country	Ceptura Coal Mine is an open-pit mining exploitation it is considered one of the largest in the country of Romania located in Ceptura, Prahova County with estimated coal reserves of 18 million tonnes.	Ceptura Coal Mine	Romania
country	Wyszel (ˈvɨʂɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wyszel	Poland
country	Galičnik (Macedonian: Галичник) is a mountain village in the Republic of Macedonia and along with Lazaropole is one of the two biggest and oldest Mijak villages in the region.	Galičnik	Macedonia
country	Kila Airfield (also known as Kila Kila Airfield and 3-Mile Drome) is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.	Kila Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	St. Mary's International School is a Catholic school for boys located in the Setagaya ward of Tokyo, Japan.	St. Mary's International School	Japan
country	Prinčići (Serbian: Принчићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Prinčići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kačina is a significant empire style palace in the central region of The Czech Republic.	Kačina	Czech Republic
country	Termosolar Borges (also known as Borges Termosolar) is a hybrid biomass-parabolic trough solar thermal power plant which provides electricity to Spain's transmission system.	Termosolar Borges	Spain
country	The Pwersa ng Masang Pilipino (Force of the Filipino Masses), formerly Partido ng Masang Pilipino (Party of the Filipino Masses) is a populist political party in the Philippines.	Pwersa ng Masang Pilipino	Philippines
country	The Taedong River (Chosŏn'gŭl: 대동강) is a large river in North Korea.	Taedong River	North Korea
country	Wadi al-Dawasir Domestic Airport (Arabic: مطار وادي الدواسر المحلي‎, IATA: WAE, ICAO: OEWD) is an airport serving Wadi al-Dawasir (also spelled Wadi ad-Dawasir), a town in Riyadh Province, Saudi Arabia.	Wadi al-Dawasir Domestic Airport	Saudi Arabia
country	Mojambu (Persian: مجمبو‎, also Romanized as Mojambū) is a village in Abkosh Rural District, Bord Khun District, Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mojambu	Iran
country	Sarandí del Arapey is a village or populated centre in the eastern part of the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay.	Sarandí del Arapey	Uruguay
country	The Little Smoky River is a tributary of the Smoky River in west-central Alberta, Canada.	Little Smoky River	Canada
country	Malakal Airport (IATA: MAK, ICAO: HSSM) is an airport serving Malakal, a city in Malakal County in the Upper Nile state in South Sudan.	Malakal Airport	South Sudan
country	Whangaroa is a locality on the harbour of the same name in Northland, New Zealand.	Whangaroa	New Zealand
country	Oymapinar Dam is an arch dam built on the Manavgat river in Turkey in 1984.	Oymapinar Dam	Turkey
country	The Apuseni Mountains (Romanian: Munții Apuseni, Hungarian: Erdélyi-középhegység) is a mountain range in Transylvania, Romania, which belongs to the Western Romanian Carpathians, also called Occidentali in Romanian.	Apuseni Mountains	Romania
country	The World Championship ran alongside the 2012 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship Division I tournament and took place between 1 and 7 July in Ingolstadt, Germany.	2012 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship Division I	Germany
country	Kapar Judaki (Persian: كپرجودكي‎, also Romanized as Kapar Jūdakī; also known as Kapar and Khāpār) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kapar Judaki	Iran
country	Mauesee (or germanized Mauensee, Lake of Mauen) is a lake in the canton of Lucerne, Switzerland, near the town Mauensee.	Mauensee	Switzerland
country	Ździary (ˈʑd͡ʑarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Ździary	Poland
country	Kingfisher Airlines Limited was an airline group based in India.	Kingfisher Airlines	India
country	The Tutaekuri River flows through the Hawke's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Tutaekuri River	New Zealand
country	Calatia was an ancient town of Campania, southern Italy, c. 10 km southeast of Capua, on the Via Appia, near the point where the Via Popillia branches off from it.	Calatia	Italy
country	The Atherstone Hunt is a United Kingdom foxhound pack, with hunting country of around 400 square miles (1,000 km2) within Warwickshire, Leicestershire and Staffordshire.	Atherstone Hunt	United Kingdom
country	Boghammar Marin AB is a small family-owned company on Lidingö, Sweden that specializes in the construction and building of aluminium boats like fast patrol boats, police boats, passenger vessels, sea fisheries/protection vessels and so on.	Boghammar Marin AB	Sweden
country	Release Records is a progressive music record label run out of Ontario, Canada.	Release Records	Canada
country	Agdary (Russian: Агдары) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of three settlements, in addition to Tolon and Eyikyar, in Khadansky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Agdary	Russia
country	Church of the Holiest Saviour (Polish: Kościół Najświętszego Zbawiciela) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Śródmieście district of Warsaw, Poland.	Church of the Holiest Saviour	Poland
country	Gola Świdnicka (ˈɡɔla ɕfidˈnit͡ska) (German: Guhlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gola Świdnicka	Poland
country	Dashken Indian Reserve No. 22, officially Dashken 22, is an Indian reserve in the North Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located on the east tip of Smith Island, which is immediately south of the Tsimpsean Peninsula and the City of Prince Rupert.	Dashken Indian Reserve No. 22	Canada
country	Reid River Airfield is a World War II airfield located to the south of the Reid River near Townsville, Queensland, Australia.	Reid River Airfield	Australia
country	Sembach Kaserne (formerly Sembach Air Base) is a United States Army installation in Sembach, Germany, near Kaiserslautern, and is about 19 miles (30 km) east of Ramstein Air Base.	Sembach Kaserne	Germany
country	Ballet Manila is a classical ballet institution and dance company in the Philippines.	Ballet Manila	Philippines
country	Florjan pri Gornjem Gradu (pronounced (flɔˈɾjaːn pɾi ˈɡoːɾnjɛm ˈɡɾaːdu)) is a settlement in the hills north and east of Gornji Grad in Slovenia.	Florjan pri Gornjem Gradu	Slovenia
country	Sant'Erasmo is an island in the Venetian Lagoon lying north of the Lido and north east of Venice, Italy.	Sant'Erasmo	Italy
country	Dionysiou Monastery (Greek: Μονή Διονυσίου) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery at the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece in southwest part of Athos peninsula.	Dionysiou Monastery	Greece
country	Schillig is a village in the Friesland district of Lower Saxony in Germany.	Schillig	Germany
country	Randsfjord Station (Norwegian: Randsfjord stasjon) was a railway station at located on the west bank of the south of the lake of Randsfjorden in Jevnaker, Norway.	Randsfjord Station	Norway
country	The Arrondissement of Sens is an arrondissement of France in the Yonne department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.	Arrondissement of Sens	France
country	Borzang (Persian: برزنگ‎‎) is a village in Fahraj Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Borzang	Iran
country	The Shenshan Expressway (Chinese: 深汕高速) is a 260 kilometres (160 mi) expressway in the People's Republic of China connecting the cities of Shenzhen and Shantou in the province of Guangdong.	Shenshan Expressway	People's Republic of China
country	Fregiécourt is a village and a former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.	Fregiécourt	Switzerland
country	Cerro Ciénaga Grande is a mountain in the Andes of Argentina.	Cerro Ciénaga Grande	Argentina
country	The Catalonia Railway Museum (Catalan: Museu del Ferrocarril de Catalunya) in Vilanova i la Geltrú (Catalonia, Spain) has a large collection of historic railway locomotives and other rolling stock in the former station roundhouse and on its surrounding outdoor grounds.	Catalonia Railway Museum	Spain
country	The Karakalpak Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (Karakalpak ASSR; Karakalpak: Қарақалпақстан АССР; Uzbek: Қорақалпоғистон АССР; Russian: Каракалпакская АССР) was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union.	Karakalpak Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	The 1905 Giro di Lombardia was the 1st edition of the Giro di Lombardia, a classic one-day cycle race organised by La Gazzetta dello Sport in Italy.	1905 Giro di Lombardia	Italy
country	Uršlja Gora (pronounced (ˈuːɾʃlja ˈɡɔːɾa)) is a dispersed settlement on the northern slopes of Mount St. Ursula southwest of Kotlje in the Municipality of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Uršlja Gora	Slovenia
country	The Monument of Remembrance (French: Monument du souvenir), usually known by the nickname of the Gëlle Fra (Luxembourgish for 'Golden Lady'), is a war memorial in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Gëlle Fra	Luxembourg
country	The Golden Horns of Gallehus were two horns made of sheet gold, discovered in Gallehus, north of Møgeltønder in Southern Jutland, Denmark.	Golden Horns of Gallehus	Denmark
country	The Sanson Tramway in the Manawatu region of New Zealand operated from 1885 until 1945.	Sanson Tramway	New Zealand
country	Queensland Independent College is a private, primary school in Merrimac, Gold Coast, Australia.	Queensland Independent College	Australia
country	The Grenslandhallen in Hasselt, Belgium is one of the biggest event complexes in the Benelux.	Grenslandhallen	Belgium
country	Fohoren is a village and suco in the subdistrict of Fohorem, Cova Lima District, East Timor.	Fohoren	East Timor
country	Vranja Peč (pronounced (ˈwɾaːnja ˈpeːtʃ); German: Rabensberg) is a small settlement in the hills above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vranja Peč	Slovenia
country	As of 2001 India census, Nainpur had a population up to 40,000.	Nainpur	India
country	The Northern Lights Cathedral - Alta Church (Norwegian: Nordlyskatedralen - Alta Kirke) is the main parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Northern Lights Cathedral	Norway
country	Colonia San Rafael is a colonia of the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City, just west of the historic city center.	Colonia San Rafael	Mexico
country	The Police Tribunal of New South Wales was a tribunal established in New South Wales, a state of Australia to deal with allegations of misconduct by New South Wales Police.	Police Tribunal of New South Wales	Australia
country	Narjeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان نرجه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Narjeh Rural District	Iran
country	Nomwin is a large atoll, part of the Hall Islands, as well as a village and municipality in the state of Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia.	Nomwin	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Zuce (Serbian Cyrillic: Зуце) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Zuce	Serbia
country	Ulanqab or Wūlánchábù (Mongolian: ᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨᠴᠠᠪ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ Ulaɣančab qota; Chinese: 乌兰察布) is a region administered as a prefecture-level city in south-central Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Ulanqab	People's Republic of China
country	St. Mary's Church, Rostock, in German Marienkirche, is the biggest of three town churches found in the Hanseatic city of Rostock, in northern Germany.	St. Mary's Church, Rostock	Germany
country	Robassomero is the first nuclear-free municipality (1981): the first in Italy.	Robassomero	Italy
country	The Alternative Left (German: Alternative Linke; French: La Gauche; Italian: La Sinistra), or The Left in translation from French and Italian, is a political party of the left in Switzerland.	Alternative Left	Switzerland
country	Kokaral (Kazakh: Көкарал -- Green Island) was until 1973 an island in Kazakhstan, in the northern part of the Aral Sea.	Kokaral	Kazakhstan
country	IF Vallentuna BK is a sports club based in Vallentuna, Stockholm County, Sweden.	IF Vallentuna BK	Sweden
country	Waszki (ˈvaʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Waszki	Poland
country	Artashavan (Armenian: Արտաշավան; formerly, Ilanchalan), is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Artashavan	Armenia
country	Al-Hasakah (Arabic: الحسكة‎, Kurdish: Hesîçe‎, Syriac: ܚܣܟܗ‎), also known as Al-Hasakeh, is the capital city of the Al-Hasakah Governorate and it is located in the far north-eastern corner of Syria.	Al-Hasakah	Syria
country	Kalhovdfjorden is a lake belonging to the municipality Tinn in the province of Telemark in southern Norway.	Kalhovdfjorden	Norway
country	The Guindy Links is one of the three 18-hole golf courses in Chennai, India.	Guindy Links	India
country	Alanchi (or Alanchy) is a tiny village about 25 km from Nagercoil, the headquarters of Kanyakumari District, and about 45 km from Trivandrum, the capital of Kerala, India.	Alanchi	India
country	Cochem-Zell (German: Landkreis Cochem-Zell) is a district (Kreis) in the north-west of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Cochem-Zell	Germany
country	Poornankuppam (Tamil: பூர்ணாங்குப்பம்) is a panchayat village in Ariyankuppam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Poornankuppam	India
country	Monte Nuovo is a cinder cone volcano within the Campi Flegrei caldera, near Naples, southern Italy.	Monte Nuovo	Italy
country	The Kaohsiung Medical University (KMU; Chinese: 高雄醫學大學), originally known as Kaohsiung Medical College, is a private university located in Sanmin District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Kaohsiung Medical University	Taiwan
country	The Constitution of 1812 Bridge, also known like La Pepa Bridge (El puente de la Constitución de 1812 or Puente de La Pepa in Spanish), is a new bridge across the Bay of Cadiz, linking Cadiz with Puerto Real in mainland Spain.	La Pepa Bridge	Spain
country	LivingStone International University (LIU) is a private university in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	LivingStone International University	Uganda
country	The Mönchsbuche is an old beech tree in the Harz Mountains of Germany that has been designated as a natural monument due to its age and the stories surrounding it.	Mönchsbuche	Germany
country	Kuh-e Pasan (Persian: كوه پاسان‎, also Romanized as Kūh-e Pāsān) is a village in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kuh-e Pasan	Iran
country	Istres (French pronunciation: ​(istʁ)) (Occitan: Istre) is a commune in southern France, some 60 km (38 mi) northwest of Marseille.	Istres	France
country	The Nerskaya River (Russian: Не́рская) is a river in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Nerskaya River	Russia
country	Eleftheriou Venizelou Street (Greek: Οδός Ελευθερίου Βενιζέλου) is a street in the south-central part of Patras, Greece.	Eleftheriou Venizelou Street	Greece
country	Torsken Church (Norwegian: Torsken kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county, Norway.	Torsken Church	Norway
country	Osire is a refugee camp in central Namibia, situated 200 km north of the capital Windhoek next to the main road C30 from Gobabis to Otjiwarongo.	Osire	Namibia
country	Rakhya (Rahja, Russian: Рахья) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus northeast of Saint Petersburg.	Rakhya	Russia
country	Pudimoe or Pudumong is a town in Dr Ruth Segomotsi Mompati District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.	Pudimoe	South Africa
country	The Canadian Soccer Association (Canada Soccer) (French: Association canadienne de soccer) is the governing body of soccer in Canada.	Canadian Soccer Association	Canada
country	Isla Tierra del Fuego Airport (ICAO: SCIT) is a public use airport located 110 kilometres (68 mi) north-northwest of Isla Tierra del Fuego, Magallanes y Antártica Chilena, Chile.	Isla Tierra del Fuego Airport	Chile
country	The Shire of Coorow is a local government area located in the Mid West region of Western Australia, about 290 kilometres (180 mi) north of Perth, the state capital, and about 130 kilometres (81 mi) south of the city of Geraldton.	Shire of Coorow	Australia
country	Regnów (ˈrɛɡnuf) is a village in Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Regnów	Poland
country	Central African Airways (CAA) was a supranational airline corporation serving as flag carrier for Southern Rhodesia, Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland (present day Zimbabwe, Zambia and Malawi), which were organised as Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland from 1953 to 1963.	Central African Airways	Zimbabwe
country	Chandrapur Airport (ICAO: VA1B) is located at Morwa, 9 Kilometres North-West of Chandrapur, Maharashtra, India.	Chandrapur Airport	India
country	Montagne des Mémises (1,674 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie, France near the Franco-Swiss border.	Montagne des Mémises	France
country	The Belles-Dames (also known as the Orne) is a small river in the Corrèze and Dordogne departments of southwestern France.	Belles-Dames	France
country	Javanese culture is the culture of the Javanese ethnic group in Indonesia, part of the Indonesian culture.	Javanese culture	Indonesia
country	The Marketed Health Products Directorate (MHPD) is the Canadian federal authority that monitors the safety and effectiveness of health products marketed in Canada.	Marketed Health Products Directorate	Canada
country	Morro de São Paulo (translation: St. Paul's Hill) is one of 5 villages of the island Tinharé in the municipality of Cairu, Bahia, Brazil.	Morro de São Paulo	Brazil
country	Rigelj pri Ortneku (pronounced (ˈɾiːɡəl pɾi ɔɾˈtneːku); German: Rigl) is a small settlement in the hills west of Ortnek in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Rigelj pri Ortneku	Slovenia
country	Greater Beirut (Arabic: بيروت الكبرى‎; French: Grand Beyrouth) is the urban agglomeration comprising the city of Beirut (Beirut Governorate) and the adjacent (municipalities) over the Mount Lebanon Governorate.	Greater Beirut	Lebanon
country	Bąków Dolny (ˈbɔŋkuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bąków Dolny	Poland
country	Hualien Airport (Chinese: 花蓮機場; pinyin: Huālián Jīchǎng) (IATA: HUN, ICAO: RCYU) is a commercial airport located in an 11.5-hectare (28-acre) civilian area of a military airbase in Xincheng Township, Hualien County, Taiwan.	Hualien Airport	Taiwan
country	Skorzewo (skɔˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skorzewo	Poland
country	Hausken Church (Norwegian: Hausken kirke) is a parish church in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Hausken Church	Norway
country	Mount Danxia (Chinese: 丹霞山; pinyin: Dānxiá Shān) is a noted scenic mountainous area near Shaoguan city in the northern part of Guangdong, People's Republic of China.	Mount Danxia	People's Republic of China
country	Jevšček (pronounced (ˈjeːu̯ʃtʃək)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia, right on the border with Italy.	Jevšček	Slovenia
country	Yekanat Rural District (Persian: دهستان يكانات‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Yamchi District, Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yekanat Rural District	Iran
country	Inanwatan is a small coastal town in West Papua, Indonesia.	Inanwatan	Indonesia
country	Central Restaurante is a restaurant located in the Miraflores District, Lima, Peru.	Central Restaurante	Peru
country	Busan Museum is a museum located in Busan, South Korea, open since 1978.	Busan Museum	South Korea
country	Buba is the largest city in southern Guinea-Bissau, lying on the Rio Grande de Buba, near the Contanhez National Park.	Buba	Guinea-Bissau
country	Huta Pass (el. 587 m.) is a pass in the northern region of Romania.	Huta Pass	Romania
country	Sarny Małe (ˈsarnɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sarny Małe	Poland
country	Kurpaty (Ukrainian: Курпати; Russian: Курпаты; Crimean Tatar: Kurpati) is an urban-type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Kurpaty	Ukraine	Russia
country	Mellrichstadt station is a railway station operated by the Deutsche Bahn in the Lower Franconian town of Mellrichstadt in Germany.	Mellrichstadt station	Germany
country	Rapallo is a municipality in the province of Genoa, in Liguria, northern Italy.	Rapallo	Italy
country	Koziakas (Greek: Κόζιακας) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Koziakas	Greece
country	Sevastopol Sports Complex is a football stadium in Sevastopol, Ukraine (currently occupied by Russia).	Sevastopol Sports Complex	Ukraine
country	Ambang is a complex of volcanoes at the western of the northern arm of Sulawesi island, Indonesia.	Ambang	Indonesia
country	The University of Cádiz (in Spanish: Universidad de Cádiz), commonly referred to as UCA, is a public university located in the province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain, noted for its medicine and marine sciences curricula.	University of Cádiz	Spain
country	Riobamba (Spanish pronunciation: (rioˈβamba), full name San Pedro de Riobamba) is the capital of the Chimborazo Province in central Ecuador, which is located at the Chambo River Valley of the Andes.	Riobamba	Ecuador
country	The Canton of Savines-le-Lac is a former canton in the Arrondissement of Gap in the department of Hautes-Alpes in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in France.	Canton of Savines-le-Lac	France
country	At the heart of Lebanon's capital, Beirut Central District (BCD) is an area thousands of years old, traditionally a focus of business, finance, culture and leisure.	Beirut Central District	Lebanon
country	The InterCity 225 is an electric high speed train in the United Kingdom, comprising a Class 91 electric locomotive, nine Mark 4 coaches and a Driving Van Trailer.	InterCity 225	United Kingdom
country	Shenick Island or Shenick's Island (Irish: Oileán na Sionnach, meaning ``fox island'') is an island that lies east of Skerries, County Dublin, Ireland.	Shenick Island	Ireland
country	Istanbul Cağaloğlu Anadolu Lisesi, located in Cağaloğlu, İstanbul, is one of the oldest and internationally renowned high schools of Turkey.	Cağaloğlu Anadolu Lisesi	Turkey
country	Pongani Airfield was an aerodrome built during World War II at Pongani village Papua New Guinea.	Pongani Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	Al Khums or Khoms (Arabic: الخمس ‎) is a city, port and the de jure capital of the now-defunct Murqub District on the Mediterranean coast of Libya with an estimated population of around 202,000.	Al Khums	Libya
country	Yagur (Hebrew: יָגוּר) is a kibbutz in northern Israel located on the northeastern slopes of Mount Carmel.	Yagur	Israel
country	Dobruška (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdobruʃka); German: Gutenfeld) is a small town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Dobruška	Czech Republic
country	Pyongyang University of Science and Technology (PUST) is North Korea's first privately funded university.	Pyongyang University of Science and Technology	North Korea
country	Zawisełcze (zaviˈsɛu̯t͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zawisełcze	Poland
country	Marojejy National Park is a national park in the Sava Region of northeastern Madagascar.	Marojejy National Park	Madagascar
country	The DDR-Liga (English:East German League or GDR-League) was, prior to German reunification in 1990, the second level of football competition in the DDR (Deutsche Demokratische Republik or German Democratic Republic, commonly East Germany), being roughly equivalent to the Bundesliga in West Germany.	DDR-Liga	East Germany
country	Panjob (Persian: پنجاب ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Panjob	Tajikistan
country	Eyn Molla (Persian: عين ملا‎, also Romanized as ``Eyn Mollā; also known as ``Eyn Malān) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 5 families.	Eyn Molla	Iran
country	Xanthi Arena, AKA Philippos Amiridis Arena is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the city of Xanthi, in the region of Western Thrace, Greece.	Xanthi Arena	Greece
country	Güngören (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈɟynɟøɾen)) is a small industrial and working class residential district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Güngören	Turkey
country	Veria (Greek: Βέροια or Βέρροια), officially transliterated Veroia, historically also spelled Berea, is a city in northern Greece, located 511 kilometres (318 miles) north-northwest of the capital Athens and 73 km (45 mi) west-southwest of Thessalonica.	Veria	Greece
country	Ofla (also known by the Amharic form Wofla) is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Ofla	Ethiopia
country	El Madrid de los Austrias (English: The Madrid of the Austrians or the Habsburgs) is a name used for the old centre of Madrid, built during the reign of the Habsburg Dynasty, known in Spain as Casa de Austria.	El Madrid de los Austrias	Spain
country	Rosersberg Palace (Swedish: Rosersbergs slott) is one of the Royal Palaces of Sweden.	Rosersberg Palace	Sweden
country	Vidrga (pronounced (ˈʋiːdəɾga); in older sources also Viderga) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Vidrga	Slovenia
country	Mazraeh-ye Urta Kand (Persian: مزرعه اورتاكند‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ūrtā Kand) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Urta Kand	Iran
country	Damięty-Narwoty (daˈmjɛntɨ narˈvɔtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Damięty-Narwoty	Poland
country	Orhem is a district (Swedish: stadsdel) in Skarpnäck borough, Stockholm, Sweden.	Orhem	Sweden
country	Lake Catani is an artificial lake in the Mount Buffalo National Park in Victoria, Australia.	Lake Catani	Australia
country	Chehel Asiab (Persian: چهل اسياب‎, also Romanized as Chehel Āsīāb) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chehel Asiab	Iran
country	Havstein Church (Norwegian: Havstein kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Havstein Church	Norway
country	The Croat Theatre of Pécs (Hungarian: Pécsi Horvát Színház, Croatian: Hrvatsko kazalište Pečuh) is the professional theatre of Croat minority in Pécs, Hungary.	Croat Theatre of Pécs	Hungary
country	The Oxford Institute of Legal Practice (OXILP) was a law school based in Oxford, United Kingdom which specialised in teaching the Postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice, also known as the Legal Practice Course (LPC).	Oxford Institute of Legal Practice	United Kingdom
country	The Albano Machado Airport (IATA: NOV, ICAO: FNHU) is a public airport located southeast of Huambo, a city in Angola.	Albano Machado Airport	Angola
country	Reinhardtsgrimma is a former municipality in the district of Weißeritzkreis in Saxony in Germany located near Dresden.	Reinhardtsgrimma	Germany
country	Bälau is a municipality in the Breitenfelde collective municipality (Amt) located in the Lauenburg district (Kreis) in southeastern Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Bälau	Germany
country	Serenj Dakh (Persian: سرنجداخ‎, also Romanized as Serenj Dākh; also known as Sīrīnj Dāgh) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Serenj Dakh	Iran
country	Parinacota (in hispanicized spelling), Parina Quta or Parinaquta (Aymara parina flamingo, quta lake, ``flamingo lake'') is a massive dormant stratovolcano on the border of Chile and Bolivia.	Parinacota	Chile	Bolivia
country	Demdem (Persian: دمدم‎) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Demdem	Iran
country	Zijtaart is a village in the south of the Netherlands.	Zijtaart	Netherlands
country	Lega Nord Emilia (English: Northern League Emilia, LNE) is a regionalist political party in Italy, active in the Emilian part of Emilia-Romagna.	Lega Nord Emilia	Italy
country	CALAMBANGA, also known as the Calamba Jar or Calamba Claypot, is a famous landmark in Calamba, Laguna, Philippines believed to be the largest claypot in the world.	Calamba Claypot	Philippines
country	Grazalema is a village located in the northeastern part of the province of Cádiz, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Grazalema	Spain
country	Nahr-e Masjed (Persian: نهرمسجد‎; also known as Masjed) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Masjed	Iran
country	Nova Canaã Paulista (Portuguese for ``New Canaan of São Paulo'') is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Nova Canaã Paulista	Brazil
country	West Lorne Baptist Church, is an Evangelical Christian church in West Lorne, Ontario, Canada, founded in 1876.	West Lorne Baptist Church	Canada
country	Hardangervidda National Park (Norwegian: Hardangervidda nasjonalpark), at 3,422 square kilometers, is Norway's largest national park.	Hardangervidda National Park	Norway
country	Chathi, also spelt Chatthi, is a village of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Chathi	Pakistan
country	Øvre Eikeland is a location in Vennesla, Vest-Agder county, Norway.	Øvre Eikeland	Norway
country	Kastellokampos (Greek: Καστελλόκαμπος) is a neighbourhood of the city of Patras, Achaea, Greece.	Kastellokampos	Greece
country	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Masumi (Persian: مزرعه محمدمعصومي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammad Ma``şūmī) is a village in Fasarud Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Masumi	Iran
country	Slonim District (Belarusian: Слонімскі раён) is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.	Slonim District	Belarus
country	The Rheinpark Stadion in Vaduz is the national stadium of Liechtenstein.	Rheinpark Stadion	Liechtenstein
country	La Torrecilla is a mountain with a height of 1,919 metres which lies south east of Ronda in the Sierra de las Nieves nature park in Andalucia, southern Spain.	La Torrecilla	Spain
country	Hemmental was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.	Hemmental	Switzerland
country	Kupa Synagogue (Polish: Synagoga Kupa) is a 17th-century synagogue in Kraków, Poland.	Kupa Synagogue	Poland
country	Iron Pot is a small flat sandstone island with an area of 1.27 ha in south-eastern Australia.	Iron Pot	Australia
country	Oued Djemaa is a town in Relizane, northern Algeria.	Oued Djemaa	Algeria
country	The TAC Cup is an under 18 Australian rules football representative competition held in Victoria, Australia.	TAC Cup	Australia
country	Rhônexpress is an express tram/express train line which links downtown Lyon, France, with its airport, Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport, and the TGV train station located there.	Rhônexpress	France
country	Naduvannur is a Census Town in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala, India and a part of Kozhikode Urban Agglomeration.	Naduvannur	India
country	Griblje (pronounced (ˈɡɾiːbljɛ); German: Grüble) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Griblje	Slovenia
country	Zirenj (Persian: زيرنج‎, also Romanized as Zīrenj and Zirinj; also known as Zerīnj and Zirach) is a village in Mahyar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zirenj	Iran
country	Bnied Al-Gar is a suburb of Kuwait City; it is located in Al Asimah Governorate in Kuwait covering an area of approximately 1,320,220 squared metres.	Bnied Al-Gar	Kuwait
country	The Eh'häusl is an eight-foot wide hotel in the city of Amberg, in the Upper Palatinate of Bavaria in Germany.	Eh'häusl	Germany
country	Falevai is a settlement in the Vava'u islands in Tonga.	Falevai	Tonga
country	``Strømmen Storsenter'' Is now known as the largest Shopping mall in Norway	Strømmen Storsenter	Norway
country	Dolné Naštice (Hungarian: Alsóneszte) is a village and municipality in the Bánovce nad Bebravou District of the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Dolné Naštice	Slovakia
country	Lomeh Daraq (Persian: لمه درق‎) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Lomeh Daraq	Iran
country	Kunova Teplica (Hungarian: Kun Tapolca) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Kunova Teplica	Slovakia
country	Vergina (Greek: Βεργίνα (verˈʝina)) is a small town in northern Greece, located in the regional unit of Imathia, Central Macedonia.	Vergina	Greece
country	Skarpengland is a village by the Norwegian National Road 9 in the municipality of Vennesla, Norway.	Skarpengland	Norway
country	Novohrad-Volynskyi (Ukrainian: Новоград-Волинський, translit.: Novohrad-Volyns’kyi; Russian: Новоград-Волынский, translit.: Novograd-Volynsky; Yiddish: זוויל‎ translit. Zvil; Polish: Zwiahel) is a city in the Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.	Novohrad-Volynskyi	Ukraine
country	Moskabad (Persian: مسك اباد‎, also Romanized as Moskābād and Meskābād; also known as Moshkābād) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Moskabad	Iran
country	Jais is the earliest known Naqvi Sadats of India.	Jais	India
country	Vestmarka is a forested and hilly area in Asker, Bærum and Lier which constitutes part of Oslomarka, Norway.	Vestmarka	Norway
country	Kanaung is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar.	Kanaung	Myanmar
country	The Hermitage of Santa Coloma de Albendiego (Spanish: Ermita de Santa Coloma de Albendiego) is a hermitage located in Albendiego, Spain.	Hermitage of Santa Coloma de Albendiego	Spain
country	Puras de Villafranca, also known as Puras, is a village in the municipality of Belorado (Burgos, Spain) in the region of Montes de Oca, with historical links to Villafranca Montes de Oca.	Puras de Villafranca	Spain
country	The University of Southern Queensland (USQ) is a medium-sized, regional university based in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia, with four university campuses at Toowoomba, Springfield, Ipswich and Fraser Coast (Hervey Bay).	University of Southern Queensland	Australia
country	Pulau Anak Bukom is a small 0.2-hectare islet located to the south west of Singapore, between Pulau Bukom and Pulau Bukom Kechil.	Pulau Anak Bukom	Singapore
country	Chelopek (Bulgarian: Челопек) is a village in Vratsa Municipality, Vratsa Province in northwestern Bulgaria.	Chelopek	Bulgaria
country	Benghazi al-Jadida or New benghazi is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.	Benghazi al-Jadida	Libya
country	The Swiss Social Archives (German: Schweizerisches Sozialarchiv, French: Archives Sociales Suisse) in Zurich, Switzerland is a historical archive, an academic library, a collection of topical documentation and a research infrastructure specialising on social issues and social movements.	Swiss Social Archives	Switzerland
country	Hasan Owlan (Persian: حسن اولان‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Owlān; also known as Ḩasanlūlān) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hasan Owlan	Iran
country	Pounawea is a small settlement in The Catlins, an area of the southern South Island of New Zealand.	Pounawea	New Zealand
country	Krasyliv (Ukrainian: Красилів, Russian: Красилов) is a city in Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Krasyliv	Ukraine
country	Isla Pucú is a small town and district in the Cordillera Department of Paraguay.	Isla Pucú	Paraguay
country	Langstedt (Danish: Langsted) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Langstedt	Germany
country	Ərəfsə (also, Arafsa and Aravsa) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Ərəfsə	Azerbaijan
country	Laža parish (Latvian: Lažas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Aizpute Municipality, Latvia.	Laža parish	Latvia
country	Monte Caburaí is a mountain located on the border between the South American countries of Brazil and Guyana standing at 1,465 metres (4,806 ft) above sea level.	Monte Caburaí	Brazil	Guyana
country	The Kaarepere railway station is an historic railway station located in Kaarepere, Estonia.	Kaarepere railway station	Estonia
country	Paulatuk Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEW8), is located in the Parry Peninsula's Darnley Bay near Paulatuk, Northwest Territories, Canada and is open from July until October.	Paulatuk Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Hainer See is a lake near Borna, Saxony, Germany.	Hainer See	Germany
country	Xerovouni (Greek: Ξεροβούνι, also Ξηροβούνι Xirovouni) is a mountain in the southern part of the Epirus region, Greece.	Xerovouni	Greece
country	The Lotus Tower (Colombo Lotus Tower) is a tower under construction with a height of 350 metres, located in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Colombo Lotus Tower	Sri Lanka
country	The Lal Communist Party Hind Union ('Red Communist Party, Indian Union') was a political party in Punjab, India.	Lal Communist Party Hind Union	India
country	Kahir (Persian: کهير‎, also Romanized as Kahīr) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kahir	Iran
country	The Atlantic Upland, which is cut by lowlands, stretches over most of southern Nova Scotia, Canada.	Atlantic Upland	Canada
country	Aral-Paygambar (Uzbek: Payg'ambar Orol; Russian: Арал-Пайгамбар), which means the island of the prophet, is an island on the Amu Darya river which separates Uzbekistan and Afghanistan.	Aral-Paygambar	Uzbekistan
country	Campo de Criptana is a municipality and town in the province of Ciudad Real in the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha (Spain).	Campo de Criptana	Spain
country	Vitry-Brienne Air Base is an abandoned military airfield in France, located approximately 17 miles northwest of Bar-sur-Aube (Departement de l'Aube,Champagne-Ardenne); 85 miles east-southeast of Paris.	Vitry-Brienne Air Base	France
country	Thomson Medical Centre Limited (Abbreviation: TMC; Chinese: 康生医院) is a 190 bed private hospital located at Thomson Road in Singapore.	Thomson Medical Centre	Singapore
country	Chu Hai College of Higher Education (Chinese: 珠海學院) is a private degree-granting institute in Hong Kong.	Chu Hai College of Higher Education	Hong Kong
country	Sir Dar (Persian: سيردر‎, also Romanized as Sīr Dar) is a village in Khondab Rural District, in the Central District of Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sir Dar	Iran
country	The Arnst River in New Zealand is a tributary of the Travers River, which itself flows into Lake Rotoiti, in Nelson Lakes National Park.	Arnst River	New Zealand
country	Lakarabad-e Sofla (Persian: لكرابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Lakarābād-e Soflá; also known as Lakarābād-e Pā'īn) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Lakarabad-e Sofla	Iran
country	Choremis (Greek: Χωρέμης) is a village and a community of the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece.	Choremis	Greece
country	The Handeni Hill Forest Reserve (or Handeni Game Controlled Area) is a forest reserve located in Tanzania.	Handeni Game Controlled Area	Tanzania
country	Kaggadasapura is a relatively new suburb located near DRDO township in CV Raman Nagar, Bangalore, India.	Kaggadasapura	India
country	Incheh-ye Qadim (Persian: اينچه قديم‎, also Romanized as Īncheh-ye Qadīm; also known as Īncheh-ye Kohneh) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District, Qarah Quyun District, Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Incheh-ye Qadim	Iran
country	Wujie Dam (Chinese: 武界壩; pinyin: Wǔjiè Bà) is a concrete gravity dam on the Zhuoshui River in Ren'ai Township, Nantou County, Taiwan.	Wujie Dam	Taiwan
country	Yelechey (Russian: Елечей) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Altansky Rural Okrug of Megino-Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 64 kilometers (40 mi) from Mayya, the administrative center of the district.	Yelechey	Russia
country	Kõrgelaid is a small, uninhabited, moraine-based island in the Baltic Sea, belonging to the country of Estonia.	Kõrgelaid	Estonia
country	Shahi Jan (Persian: شاهيجان‎, also Romanized as Shāhī Jān; also known as Chenār-e Shāhī Jān and Chenar Shahijan) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahi Jan	Iran
country	The Pilone (also known as Cima Pian del Bozzo) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Pilone	Switzerland	Italy
country	Terbyas (Russian: Тербяс; Sakha: Тылгыны) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tylgyninsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 180 kilometers (110 mi) from Vilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Terbyas	Russia
country	The IG Bergbau, Chemie, Energie (IG BCE) is a trade union in Germany.	IG Bergbau, Chemie, Energie	Germany
country	Camucia is a small town in Tuscany in central Italy.	Camucia	Italy
country	Berkovitsa (Bulgarian: Берковица) is a town and ski resort in northwestern Bulgaria.	Berkovitsa	Bulgaria
country	Sant'Eligio dei Chiavettieri (once known as Santa Maria ad Ercole) is a Roman Catholic church in Naples, Italy, located at the intersection of via Cesare Sersale and vicoletto Chiavettieri al Pendino.	Sant'Eligio dei Chiavettieri	Italy
country	Dom Zalab (Persian: دم زلاب‎, also Romanized as Dom Zalāb) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dom Zalab	Iran
country	Wayllayuq (Quechua waylla meadow, -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with a meadow'', hispanicized spelling Huayllayoc) is a mountain in the Chila in the Andes of Peru, about 5,300 metres (17,388 ft) high.	Wayllayuq	Peru
country	Trujillo Cathedral (constructed 1647-1666) is the cathedral of Trujillo, Peru.	Trujillo Cathedral	Peru
country	Eshnunna (modern Tell Asmar in Diyala Province, Iraq) was an ancient Sumerian (and later Akkadian) city and city-state in central Mesopotamia.	Eshnunna	Iraq
country	Bahria College Karsaz Karachi, commonly abbreviated as BCKK, is a college in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Bahria College Karsaz	Pakistan
country	The Catholic Eparchy of Lungro (Italian: Eparchia di Lungro; Albanian: Eparhia e Ungres) is in Calabria, Italy of Italo-Albanian Catholic Church.	Eparchy of Lungro	Italy
country	Voyageur Airways Limited is an airline based in North Bay, Ontario, Canada that commenced operations in 1968.	Voyageur Airways	Canada
country	Huelva (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈwelβa)) is a city in southwestern Spain, the capital of the province of Huelva in the autonomous region of Andalusia.	Huelva	Spain
country	Kryry (German: Kriegern) is a town in the Czech Republic.	Kryry	Czech Republic
country	Kapeta is a village in central Malawi on Lake Malawi.	Kapeta	Malawi
country	Austur-Húnavatnssýsla was a county of Iceland located in the Northwestern Region region of the country.	Austur-Húnavatnssýsla	Iceland
country	CFR Turnu Severin was a football club based in Turnu Severin (now Drobeta-Turnu Severin), Romania.	CFR Turnu Severin	Romania
country	Daiting is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany.	Daiting	Germany
country	The Château d'Aguilar is a 12th-century castle, one of the so-called Cathar castles, located in the commune of Tuchan in the Aude département of France.	Château d'Aguilar	France
country	Zuidtangent is the former name of the bus rapid transit service between Haarlem, Nieuw-Vennep, and Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Zuidtangent	Netherlands
country	Monte Balmaceda is a heavily glaciated mountain located in the Magallanes Region of Chile.	Monte Balmaceda	Chile
country	Park Dome Kumamoto is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Kumamoto, Kumamoto, Japan.	Park Dome Kumamoto	Japan
country	The Belmopan Public Library located on Mot Mot Ln, Belmopan, the capital city of Belize, was inaugurated on August 24, 1970.	Belmopan Public Library	Belize
country	Mokau is a small town on the west coast of New Zealand's North Island, located at the mouth of the Mokau River on the North Taranaki Bight.	Mokau	New Zealand
country	Redscar Bay is a bay to the northwest of Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea, extending for about 4 miles (6.4 km) between Cape Suckling and Redscar Head, also situated between Kekeni Rocks and Lagava Island.	Redscar Bay	Papua New Guinea
country	Centre, Democracy and Progress (French: Centre démocratie et progrès, CDP) was a centrist and Christian democratic political party in France.	Centre, Democracy and Progress	France
country	The Mangfall Bridge is a motorway bridge across the valley of the Mangfall north of Weyarn in Upper Bavaria, Germany, which carries Bundesautobahn 8 between Munich and Rosenheim.	Mangfall Bridge	Germany
country	Copenhagen Airport, Kastrup (Danish: Københavns Lufthavn, Kastrup) or Copenhagen Airport (Danish: Københavns Lufthavn; IATA: CPH, ICAO: EKCH) is the main international airport serving Copenhagen, Denmark, the entire Zealand, the Øresund Region, and a large part of southern Sweden (not only Scania).	Copenhagen Airport	Denmark
country	Amlash (Persian: املش‎, also Romanized as Amlesh; also known as Amlish) is a city in and the capital of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Amlash	Iran
country	Achkhoy-Martan (Russian: Ачхо́й-Марта́н; Chechen: Тӏаьхьа-Марта) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Achkhoy-Martanovsky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia.	Achkhoy-Martan	Russia
country	Mount Tongkoko or Mount Tangkoko is a stratovolcano in the north of Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Mount Tongkoko	Indonesia
country	Gmina Bierawa, German Gemeinde Birawa is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gmina Bierawa	Poland
country	Matsumoto Airport (松本空港) (IATA: MMJ, ICAO: RJAF), also known as Shinshu-Matsumoto Airport, is an airport located 5 NM (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) southwest of central Matsumoto, Nagano Prefecture, Japan.	Matsumoto Airport	Japan
country	Osiny Górne (ɔˈɕinɨ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osiny Górne	Poland
country	The Sydney Basin is both a structural (deformed saucer-like) entity and a depositional area, now preserved on the east coast of New South Wales, Australia and with some of its eastern side now subsided beneath the ocean.	Sydney Basin	Australia
country	Bakdalsan is a mountain in the county of Goesan, Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea.	Bakdalsan	South Korea
country	Jagdalpur is well connected by road with the Chhattisgarh state capital Raipur, Hyderabad Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and other nearby National Highways providing onward connectivity to other major towns and cities of India.	Jagdalpur	India
country	Giyan (Persian: گيان‎, also Romanized as Gīyān; also known as Kīān, Qīān, and Qayān) is a city in and capital of Giyan District, in Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Giyan	Iran
country	The Jardin botanique de l'École nationale vétérinaire d'Alfort is a botanical garden operated by the École nationale vétérinaire d'Alfort, and located on the school's grounds at 7, avenue du Général de Gaulle, Maisons-Alfort, Val-de-Marne, Île-de-France, France.	Jardin botanique de l'École nationale vétérinaire d'Alfort	France
country	The Porta Nomentana was one of the gates in the Aurelian Walls of Rome, Italy.	Porta Nomentana	Italy
country	Lubomierz (luˈbɔmʲɛʂ) (German: Liebenthal) is a town in Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lubomierz	Poland
country	The Graz University of Technology (German: Technische Universität Graz, short TU Graz) is the second largest university in Styria, Austria, after the University of Graz.	Graz University of Technology	Austria
country	Duttabarutia is a village situated at Murshidabad district in West Bengal, India.	Duttabarutia	India
country	Pađene (Serbian Cyrillic: Пађене) is a village in the Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia.	Pađene	Croatia
country	The Western Clarion was a newspaper launched in January 1903 that became the official organ of the Socialist Party of Canada (SPC).	Western Clarion	Canada
country	The Serengeti Park in Hodenhagen, Lower Saxony, is a zoo and leisure park in North Germany.	Serengeti Park	Germany
country	Ragama is a suburb of Colombo city, located in the Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Ragama	Sri Lanka
country	Sudurağı is a belde (town) in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey.	Sudurağı	Turkey
country	The Battle of Steppes was fought in Belgium on October 13, 1213 between Hugh Pierrepont, Bishop of Liège, and Henry I, Duke of Brabant.	Battle of Steppes	Belgium
country	Le Cambout (Breton: Ar C'hembod, Gallo: Le Canbót) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France, within easy reach of the towns of Josselin, Loudeac, and Pontivy.	Le Cambout	France
country	Mataura is a town in the Southland region of the South Island of New Zealand.	Mataura	New Zealand
country	The Salmo railway station (located in Salmo, British Columbia, Canada) was built by the Great Northern Railway (U.S.) that later become the Burlington Northern Railroad along the Nelson and Fort Sheppard Railway, a branch line extending north into Canada.	Salmo railway station	Canada
country	Nanke Station (pinyin: Nánke Chēzhàn) is a railway station of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Xinshi District, Tainan City, Taiwan.	Nanke Station	Taiwan
country	Puerto Cárdenas is a lakeside hamlet (Spanish: caserío) at the outflow of Yelcho Lake in Chaitén commune, southern Chile.	Puerto Cárdenas	Chile
country	The South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust, also known as SLaM, is an NHS foundation trust based in London, United Kingdom, which specialises in mental health.	South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust	United Kingdom
country	Rotokura / Cable Bay is a bay and small settlement 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Nelson in New Zealand.	Cable Bay	New Zealand
country	Davies Park is a sporting venue in the suburb of West End in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Davies Park	Australia
country	Horsforth was considered to have the largest population of any village in the United Kingdom during the latter part of the 19th century.	Horsforth	United Kingdom
country	Sânger (Hungarian: Mezőszengyel, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmɛzøːsɛnɟɛl)) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania that is composed of seven villages:	Sânger	Romania
country	Lilleküla railway station (Estonian: Lilleküla raudteepeatus) is a railway station in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Lilleküla railway station	Estonia
country	Koryak Okrug (Russian: Коря́кский о́круг, Koryaksky okrug; Koryak: Чав’чываокруг, Chav'chyvaokrug), or Koryakia, is an administrative division of Kamchatka Krai, Russia.	Koryak Okrug	Russia
country	Since the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1994, representatives of the governments of Armenia and Azerbaijan have been holding peace talks mediated by the OSCE Minsk Group on the region's disputed status.	Nagorno-Karabakh	Armenia
country	Aramil (Russian: Арами́ль) is a town in Sysertsky District of Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Iset River (Ob's basin), 25 kilometers (16 mi) southeast of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast.	Aramil	Russia
country	Karwodrza (karˈvɔdʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Karwodrza	Poland
country	The village of Kłomino, located in northwestern Poland (West Pomeranian Voivodeship, near Szczecinek) is the only official ghost town in Poland.	Kłomino	Poland
country	The Vatican Climate Forest, to be located in the Bükk National Park, Hungary, was donated to the Vatican City by a carbon offsetting company.	Vatican Climate Forest	Hungary
country	Domnista (Greek: Δομνίστα) is a village and a former municipality in Evrytania, Greece.	Domnista	Greece
country	The Camaldolese Hermitage of Monte Giove is a monastery near Naples, Campania, Italy.	Hermitage of Monte Giove	Italy
country	Narubis is a settlement in Namibia with post office, hotel and shops 68 km south-east of Keetmanshoop and 100 km north-north-east of Karasburg.	Narubis	Namibia
country	The Rumaila oil field is a super-giant oil field located in southern Iraq, approximately 20 mi (32 km) from the Kuwaiti border.	Rumaila oil field	Iraq
country	Attert (Atert in Luxembourgish, Ater in Walloon) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg.	Attert	Belgium
country	The Huitepec is the mountain towering to the West of San Cristobal de las Casas, Chiapas, in Southern Mexico.	Huitepec	Mexico
country	Kolonia Wola Solecka (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvɔla sɔˈlɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Wola Solecka	Poland
country	The Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant (Finnish: Olkiluodon ydinvoimalaitos) is on Olkiluoto Island, which is on the shore of the Gulf of Bothnia in the municipality of Eurajoki in western Finland.	Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant	Finland
country	Chałupa (xaˈwupa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chałupa	Poland
country	The Princes' Gates is a triumphal arch monumental gateway at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Canada.	Princes' Gates	Canada
country	HŠK Posušje is a defunct football club based in Posušje, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	HŠK Posušje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Dom Qaleh (Persian: دم قلعه‎, also Romanized as Dom Qalʿeh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dom Qaleh	Iran
country	Desert National Park, Rajasthan, India, is situated in the west Indian state of Rajasthan near the town of Jaisalmer.	Desert National Park	India
country	Serafimerlasarettet (Seraphim Hospital), popularly known as Serafen, was the first modern hospital in Sweden.	Serafimerlasarettet	Sweden
country	The Michel Government is the incumbent Federal Government of Belgium formed following the 2014 Belgian government formation and sworn in on 11 October 2014.	Michel Government	Belgium
country	The Lad Khan Temple, dedicated to Shiva, is one of the oldest Hindu temples and is located in Aihole in the state of Karnataka, India.	Lad Khan Temple	India
country	Kakulin (kaˈkulin) (German: Alden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kakulin	Poland
country	The Langue de Barbarie (French for ``Barbary tongue'') is a thin, sandy peninsula, adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean, located in western Senegal, in the neighbourhood of the city of Saint-Louis.	Langue de Barbarie	Senegal
country	Mamchuri (Ukrainian: Мамчурі) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Mamchuri	Ukraine
country	Kotta is a village situated near the Pamba River in Kerala, India.	Kotta	India
country	Sklad (Russian: Склад) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tumatsky Rural Okrug of Bulunsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 290 kilometers (180 mi) from Tiksi, the administrative center of the district.	Sklad	Russia
country	Čalovec (Hungarian: Megyercs, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈmɛɟɛrtʃ)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Čalovec	Slovakia
country	Murovyevko (also, Murov’yevko) is a village in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Murovyevko	Azerbaijan
country	Korlati (Serbian Cyrillic: Корлати) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Korlati	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The 2013 Summer Deaflympics, officially known as the 22nd Summer Deaflympics, was an international multi-sport event that took place in Sofia, Bulgaria from July 26 to August 4, 2013.	2013 Summer Deaflympics	Bulgaria
country	Chatkalskiy State Nature Reserve is a reserve in the Toshkent Province of Uzbekistan comprising about 570 square kilometres of mountain steppes, mountain forests, alpine meadows, river valleys and floodplain forests.	Chatkalskiy State Nature Reserve	Uzbekistan
country	Chah Zard Shomareh-ye Yek (Persian: چاه زردشماره 1‎, also Romanized as Chāh Zard Shomāreh-ye Yek; also known as Chāh Zard) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Zard Shomareh-ye Yek	Iran
country	Mosta Ground, now known as Charles Abela Memorial Stadium is the home ground of Mosta F.C in Mosta, Malta.	Mosta Ground	Malta
country	Varaita Valley (in Italian Valle Varaita) is a valley in south-west of Piedmont, in the Province of Cuneo - Italy.	Varaita Valley	Italy
country	Ar Rajma, Er Rajma, or Er Regima is a village in eastern Libya.	Ar Rajma	Libya
country	El Burgo is a village and municipality in the province of Málaga, located in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain.	El Burgo	Spain
country	Gascoyne Land Division was a land division of Western Australia defined under the Land Regulations of 2 March 1887.	Gascoyne Land Division	Australia
country	Mendeleyevsk (Russian: Менделе́евск; Tatar: Cyrillic Менделеев, Latin Mendeleyev) is a town and the administrative center of Mendeleyevsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the Toyma River, 238 kilometers (148 mi) east of Kazan.	Mendeleyevsk	Russia
country	Buni (Urdu: بونی‎; also spelled Booni) is the headquarters of Mastuj Tehsil, Upper Chitral, in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Buni	Pakistan
country	Valdesoto is a parish located in the southeastern part of Siero a municipality (conceyu) of the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Valdesoto	Spain
country	Rig Safar (Persian: ريگ صفر‎, also Romanized as Rīg Şafar) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Rig Safar	Iran
country	Yaraziz (Persian: يارعزيز‎, also Romanized as Yār``azīz) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 291, in 61 families.	Yaraziz	Iran
country	Ścinawa (ɕt͡ɕiˈnava) (German: Steinau an der Oder) is a town and municipality on the Oder river in the Lower Silesian region of Poland.	Ścinawa	Poland
country	Yousaf Shah Halt railway station (Urdu: یوسف شاہ ہالٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Pakistan.	Yousaf Shah Halt railway station	Pakistan
country	The Canadian Health Network (CHN) was established in 1999 as a national, bilingual health promotion service operated by the Public Health Agency of Canada and major health organizations across Canada.	Canadian Health Network	Canada
country	Gerd Kashaneh (Persian: گردكشانه‎; also Romanized as Gerd Kashāneh and Gerdak Shāneh; also known as Qertīq Shaneh) is a city in and the capital of Lajan District, in Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerd Kashaneh	Iran
country	Langar Barani (Persian: لنگر باراني‎, also Romanized as Langar Bārānī; also known as Bārānī and Langar) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Langar Barani	Iran
country	Gmina Brześć Kujawski is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gmina Brześć Kujawski	Poland
country	Madona ( pronunciation ; German: Madohn) is a town with town rights in the Vidzeme region of Latvia and is the center of the Madona municipality.	Madona	Latvia
country	Boľ (Hungarian: Boly) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Boľ	Slovakia
country	Trutnowy (trutˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trutnowy	Poland
country	Wassertrüdingen is a town in the district of Ansbach, Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.	Wassertrüdingen	Germany
country	Al Bahraoyine is a small coastal town bordering the Strait of Gibraltar and it is a rural commune in Fahs Anjra Prefecture of the Tangier-Tétouan region of Morocco.	Al Bahraoyine	Morocco
country	Mowtowr-e Saraj (Persian: موتور سراج‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Sarāj) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Saraj	Iran
country	The A.V. Fomin Botanical Garden is one of the oldest botanical gardens in Ukraine, located in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	A.V. Fomin Botanical Garden	Ukraine
country	Watapur District is situated in the central part of Kunar Province in Afghanistan.	Watapur District	Afghanistan
country	Waterwijk (Amsterdam) is a neighborhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands built on the site of the Amsterdam municipal waterworks.	Waterwijk (Amsterdam)	Netherlands
country	Tshwane University of Technology (TUT) is a higher education institution in South Africa that came into being through a merger of three technikons --	Tshwane University of Technology	South Africa
country	Kani Khvareh (Persian: كاني خواره‎, also Romanized as Kānī Khvāreh) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Khvareh	Iran
country	Kodály körönd is a circus in Budapest, Hungary, at the intersection of Andrássy Avenue and Felsőerdősor u., with beautifully painted old buildings and statues of four of Hungary's great heroes in each corner.	Kodály körönd	Hungary
country	Opfertshofen was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in the north of Switzerland.	Opfertshofen	Switzerland
country	To solve this, on 7 June 1993, President of Russia Boris Yeltsin issued a decree to merge Khrunichev and Salyut, forming the company Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center.	Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center	Russia
country	Yaglivend (also, Yağlivend, Yaglyvend, and Yaglevend) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yaglivend	Azerbaijan
country	Wamoon is a village in Leeton Shire in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wamoon	Australia
country	Chenini (Arabic: شنيني‎) is a ruined Berber village in the Tataouine district in southern Tunisia.	Chenini	Tunisia
country	Draž (German: Darasch, Hungarian: Darázs) is a village and municipality in Osijek-Baranja County, Croatia.	Draž	Croatia
country	Çərtəyəz (also, Chartayaz) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çərtəyəz	Azerbaijan
country	Aşağı Çardaqlar (also, Aşağı Çardaxlar, Ashaga Chardakhly, Ashagy Chardakhlar, Ashagy-Chardakhar, and Chordakhly; Avar: Бехе Чардахъ) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Çardaqlar	Azerbaijan
country	Hohenlohe-Bartenstein was a German Principality of the House of Hohenlohe, located in northeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, around Bartenstein.	Hohenlohe-Bartenstein	Germany
country	Stabulnieki parish (Latvian: Stabulnieku pagasts, Latgalian: Stabuļnīku pogosts) is an administrative unit of the Riebiņi Municipality, Latvia.	Stabulnieki parish	Latvia
country	The Tschenglser Hochwand (Italian: Croda di Cengles) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Tschenglser Hochwand	Italy
country	Syktyvkar (Russian: Сыктывка́р; IPA: (sɨktɨfˈkar); Komi: Сыктывкар) is the capital city of the Komi Republic, Russia.	Syktyvkar	Russia
country	The Fundación River is a river in northern Colombia, originating from the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in the Cesar Department but flows down to the Magdalena Department crossing the town and municipality of Fundación before reaching the Ciénaga Grande de Santa Marta.	Fundación River	Colombia
country	L'Alcúdia is a town and municipality in the province of Valencia, Spain.	L'Alcúdia	Spain
country	Muru Muruni (Aymara muru truncated, the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, hispanicized spelling Muro Muruni) is a mountain in the Kallawaya mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Muru Muruni	Peru
country	Rottal-Inn is a Kreis (district) in the southeastern part of Bavaria, Germany.	Rottal-Inn	Germany
country	Vilnius Airport (IATA: VNO, ICAO: EYVI) (Lithuanian: Vilniaus oro uostas) is the international airport of Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania.	Vilnius Airport	Lithuania
country	Coringa-Herald National Nature Reserve is a former nature reserve in Australia's Coral Sea Islands Territory that was incorporated into the new Coral Sea Commonwealth Marine Reserve in December 2012.	Coringa-Herald National Nature Reserve	Australia
country	The Lanyu Power Plant (Chinese: 蘭嶼發電廠; pinyin: Lányǔ Fādiànchǎng) is a fuel-fired power plant in Yuren Village, Orchid Island, Taitung County, Taiwan.	Lanyu Power Plant	Taiwan
country	Hosseinabad-e Chahrahman (Persian: حسین‌آباد چاه رحمان ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District (Sistan and Baluchestan Province), in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hosseinabad-e Chahrahman	Iran
country	Sotina (pronounced (ˈsoːtina); Hungarian: Hegyszoros, German: Stadelberg) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Sotina	Slovenia
country	Mirkovo (Bulgarian: Мирково, pronounced (ˈmirkuvu)) is a village in western Bulgaria, part of Sofia Province.	Mirkovo	Bulgaria
country	Spišské Bystré is a large village and municipality in Poprad District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Spišské Bystré	Slovakia
country	Moše (pronounced (ˈmoːʃɛ); German: Mosche) is a village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Moše	Slovenia
country	East-Finnmark (Norwegian: Øst-Finnmark) is a district in Finnmark county, Norway.	East-Finnmark	Norway
country	Plaza Tunjungan or Tunjungan Plaza or TP is a shopping center in Surabaya, Indonesia.	Plaza Tunjungan	Indonesia
country	Lagoa dos Patos (Portuguese pronunciation: (laˈɡo(w).ɐ dus ˈpatus); English: Ducks' Lagoon) is the second largest lagoon in Latin America and the biggest in Brazil.	Lagoa dos Patos	Brazil
country	Härnösands AIK is a sports club in Härnösand, Sweden, established in 1945 and originally thought to be called BK Virgo but required to change name because the other name was already used.	Härnösands AIK	Sweden
country	The Café Leonar is a café, bar and bookstore (selling fiction, non fiction and Judaica) in Hamburg, Germany, founded by Sonia Simmenauer.	Café Leonar	Germany
country	The Anglican Diocese of Eastern Newfoundland and Labrador is one of seven dioceses of the Ecclesiastical Province of Canada in the Anglican Church of Canada.	Diocese of Eastern Newfoundland and Labrador	Canada
country	Maysky District (Russian: Ма́йский райо́н; Kabardian: Майскэ къедзыгъуэ; Karachay-Balkar: Май район) is an administrative and a municipal district (raion), one of the ten in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia.	Maysky District	Russia
country	The Atomic Energy Research Establishment (known as AERE or colloquially Harwell) near Harwell, Oxfordshire, was the main centre for atomic energy research and development in the United Kingdom from the 1940s to the 1990s.	Atomic Energy Research Establishment	United Kingdom
country	Millu Hirka (Quechua millu salty, Ancash Quechua hirka mountain, hispanicized spelling Millujirca) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru, about 4,900 m (16,076 ft) high.	Millu Hirka	Peru
country	The Rösterkopf in the Osburger Hochwald (Hunsrück in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany) is a mountain with a height of 708 m.	Rösterkopf	Germany
country	Gnissau is a small village in the district Ostholstein in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, part of the municipality of Ahrensbök.	Gnissau	Germany
country	Arcen en Velden ( pronunciation ) (Limburgish: Árse en Velde) is a former town and former municipality in the southeastern Netherlands, now part of the municipality and city of Venlo.	Arcen en Velden	Netherlands
country	Bijar Pes (Persian: بيجارپس‎, also Romanized as Bījār Pes and Bījār Pas; also known as Bidzharpas, Bījārīsh, and Bījār Pes-e Avval) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bijar Pes	Iran
country	Yavar Kandi (Persian: ياوركندي‎, also Romanized as Yāvar Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yavar Kandi	Iran
country	Zahajki-Kolonia (zaˈxai̯ki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zahajki-Kolonia	Poland
country	Portosín is a town of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia.	Portosín	Spain
country	Gare de Marquise-Rinxent is a railway station serving the towns Marquise and Rinxent, in the Pas-de-Calais department, northern France.	Gare de Marquise-Rinxent	France
country	The Pavillon de Paris was a large concert space in Paris, France, located near the Porte de Pantin Métro stop, on the northern edge of the city.	Pavillon de Paris	France
country	Trnovče (pronounced (təɾˈnoːu̯tʃɛ); German: Ternoutsche) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Trnovče	Slovenia
country	Long Lopeng (also known as Luping) is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Lopeng	Malaysia
country	Smallegade (lit. ``Narrow Street'') is a busy shopping street in the central part of Frederiksberg in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Smallegade	Denmark
country	The Physical Research Laboratory (PRL) is a National Research Institute for space and allied sciences, supported mainly by Department of Space, Government of India.	Physical Research Laboratory	India
country	Nguna Island is an outer island off the north coast of Efate, Vanuatu in Undine Bay.	Nguna	Vanuatu
country	Aliabad-e Sistaniha (Persian: علي آبادسيستانيها‎, also Romanized as ʿAlīābād-e Sīstānīhā) is a village in Soltanali Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aliabad-e Sistaniha	Iran
country	Melchor de Mencos is a municipality in the Petén Department of Guatemala with population 23,813.	Melchor de Mencos	Guatemala
country	The Wadi Wishka Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill embankment dam located on Wadi Wishka, 29 km (18 mi) southwest of Sokna in the Fezzan region of Libya.	Wadi Wishka Dam	Libya
country	The Bakossi Mountains are a mountain range that forms part of the Cameroon line of active and extinct volcanoes in western Cameroon, covering about 230,000 square kilometres (89,000 sq mi).	Bakossi Mountains	Cameroon
country	The Linnaean Society of New York (LSNY) was established in 1878, in the city of New York, United States of America, by a group of amateurs interested in natural science, especially ornithology.	Linnaean Society of New York	United States of America
country	The Rowing Pond is a rowing boat pond in the amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands.	Rowing Pond	Netherlands
country	Stari Trg ob Kolpi (pronounced (ˈstaːɾi ˈtəɾk ɔp ˈkoːlpi); Slovene: Stari trg ob Kolpi, formerly also known as Poljane; German: Altenmarkt) is a settlement above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Stari Trg ob Kolpi	Slovenia
country	Hatna is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India, located in the Mandya district.	Hatna	India
country	Lago di Saoseo (Lagh da Saoseo) is a lake in the Val di Campo, a valley in the Poschiavo region of the Grisons, Switzerland.	Lago di Saoseo	Switzerland
country	Dilijan National Park, is one of the 4 protected national parks of the Republic of Armenia.	Dilijan National Park	Armenia
country	Aguanish Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CTQ3) is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) west northwest of Aguanish, Quebec, Canada on the Aguanus River.	Aguanish Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Lower Zambezi National Park lies on the north bank of the Zambezi River in southeastern Zambia.	Lower Zambezi National Park	Zambia
country	Delčevo (Macedonian: Делчево (ˈdɛɫtʃɛvɔ)) is a small town in the eastern mountainous part of the Republic of Macedonia.	Delčevo	Macedonia
country	Dobromerovići (Serbian: Добромеровићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dobromerovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Diyarbakırspor was a professional football club located in the city of Diyarbakır in Turkey.	Diyarbakırspor	Turkey
country	The Dents de Bouquetins or just the Bouquetins (French for Alpine ibexes) are a multi-summited mountain of the Alps between Switzerland and Italy.	Bouquetins	Switzerland
country	Cà Mau Airport (IATA: CAH, ICAO: VVCM) (Vietnamese: Sân bay Cà Mau) is a small airport in Cà Mau Province, the most southern part of Vietnam.	Cà Mau Airport	Vietnam
country	Terramelar is a neighborhood that belongs to the township of Paterna, in the land of Valencia(Spain).	Terramelar	Spain
country	Miķeļbāka or Miķeļtornis is the tallest lighthouse in Latvia.	Miķeļbāka	Latvia
country	Ptghavan (Armenian: Պտղավան; also, Pkhtavan) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Ptghavan	Armenia
country	Fakaofo, formerly known as Bowditch Island, is a South Pacific Ocean atoll located in the Tokelau Group.	Fakaofo	Tokelau
country	Bodežnik (Serbian: Бодежник) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bodežnik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	South Bangka Regency (Bangka Selatan) is a regency (kabupaten) of Bangka-Belitung Province, Indonesia, with Toboali as its regency seat.	South Bangka Regency	Indonesia
country	Dandugama (Sinhalese: දඬුගම) is a village in Sri Lanka.	Dandugama	Sri Lanka
country	Deymeh-ye Kuchek (Persian: ديمه كوچك‎, also Romanized as Deymeh-ye Kūchek; also known as Dehmeh-ye Kūchak) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deymeh-ye Kuchek	Iran
country	Otelec (Hungarian: Ótelek) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Otelec	Romania
country	McCalla Field was a U.S. military airfield located at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba.	McCalla Field	Cuba
country	Dikdash (Persian: ديك داش‎, also Romanized as Dīkdāsh) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dikdash	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Hajj Khani (Persian: مزرعه حاج خاني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩājj Khānī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Hajj Khani	Iran
country	San Cristóbal de La Paz was a fortress in Chile that was established in 1621 by Governor Cristóbal de la Cerda y Sotomayor.	San Cristóbal de La Paz	Chile
country	The Kokkoz Jami Mosque, also known as Yusupov's Mosque, is located in the village of Sokolyne, Ukraine.	Kokkoz Jami Mosque	Ukraine
country	The Faulkes Telescope South is a clone of the Liverpool Telescope and is located at Siding Spring Observatory in New South Wales, Australia.	Faulkes Telescope South	Australia
country	Drinić (Cyrillic: Дринић) is a village and seat of the municipality of Petrovac, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Drinić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	El Foro is a 3,000-seat venue for concerts in the city of Tijuana, Mexico.	El Foro	Mexico
country	Bonarów-Działki (bɔˈnaruf ˈd͡ʑau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bonarów-Działki	Poland
country	Pleszew (ˈplɛʂɛf) is a town in Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, about 90 km southeast of Poznań.	Pleszew	Poland
country	Antzuola (Spanish: Anzuola) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain.	Antzuola	Spain
country	Ko Phithak or Phithak Island (also spelled Koh Pitak, Thai: เกาะพิทักษ์, Thai pronunciation: (kɔ̀ʔ pʰí.tʰák), lit. ``Protect Island'') is a small island in Thailand, in Chumphon Province on the eastern shore of the Gulf of Thailand.	Ko Phithak	Thailand
country	Ayguetinte (Aigatinta (colored water) in Occitan language) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.	Ayguetinte	France
country	Jalal-Abad Airport (Kyrgyz: Жалал-Абад аэропорту, Russian: Джалал-Абадский аэропорт) (IATA: none (ДЖБ), ICAO: UAFJ) is an airport serving Jalal-Abad, a city in Jalal-Abad Region (oblast) of Kyrgyzstan.	Jalal-Abad Airport	Kyrgyzstan
country	Kavala (Greek: Καβάλα; (kaˈvala)) is a city in northern Greece, the principal seaport of eastern Macedonia and the capital of Kavala regional unit.	Kavala	Greece
country	Adidovce is a village and municipality in Humenné District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Adidovce	Slovakia
country	Digitcom Canada Inc. is a Canadian business phone systems and data networks distributor.	Digitcom	Canada
country	Strathmore University is a chartered university based in Nairobi, Kenya.	Strathmore University	Kenya
country	Dawei District (Burmese: ထားဝယ်ခရိုင်) is a district of the Taninthayi Division of Myanmar.	Dawei District	Myanmar
country	Vedado (Spanish: El Vedado, Spanish pronunciation: (el βeˈðaðo)) is a central business district and urban neighborhood in the city of Havana, Cuba.	Vedado	Cuba
country	The former Court of Appeals in Cases of Capture, established by resolution of the Second Continental Congress on January 15, 1780, was the first federal court in the United States of America.	Court of Appeals in Cases of Capture	United States of America
country	Drammen Museum of Art and Cultural History (Drammens Museum for kunst og kulturhistorie) is a museum in Drammen, Buskerud, Norway.	Drammen Museum of Art and Cultural History	Norway
country	Little Nicobar (Nicobarese: Ong) is one of the Nicobar Islands, India.	Little Nicobar	India
country	Tauranga (Māori pronunciation: (ˈtaʉɾaŋa)) is the most populous city in the Bay of Plenty region of the North Island of New Zealand.	Tauranga	New Zealand
country	Clonderalaw is an historical barony in County Clare, Ireland.	Clonderalaw	Ireland
country	The Canindé River (Ceará) is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.	Canindé River (Ceará)	Brazil
country	Baker Channel, also known as Calen Inlet, is a channel of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region.	Baker Channel	Chile
country	The Belgian Armed Forces (Dutch: Belgisch leger; French: Armée belge) is the national military of Belgium.	Belgian Armed Forces	Belgium
country	Prasat Kuh Nokor is a Buddhist temple in the village of Trodoc Poung, Pong Ror commune, in Baray District, in Kampong Thom Province, Cambodia.	Prasat Kuh Nokor	Cambodia
country	Paliometocho (Greek: Παλιομέτοχο (paʎoˈmetoxo)), officially Palaiometocho (Παλαιομέτοχο (paleoˈmetoxo)), is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Paliometocho	Cyprus
country	Chicola was a small port on the north coast of the Fallas, Cuba.	Chicola	Cuba
country	Rydal Dam is a minor ungated homogeneous earthfill embankment dam with a fuse plug uncontrolled open channel spillway across an off stream storage, located near Rydal in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Rydal Dam	Australia
country	Located at 200 meters above Normaal Amsterdams Peil, on top of the Vijlenerberg (Vijlener hill), it is the highest situated town in the Netherlands.	Vijlen	Netherlands
country	Igbo-Ora is a town in Oyo State, south-western Nigeria, situated 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of Lagos.	Igbo-Ora	Nigeria
country	Zuid-Afrikaans Hospital (Afrikaans: Het Zuid-Afrikaans Hospitaal en Diakonessenhuis) is a private, non-profit hospital in Muckleneuck, Pretoria, South Africa, where the working language is Afrikaans.	Zuid-Afrikaans Hospital	South Africa
country	Kirche am Hohenzollernplatz by Fritz Höger, 1933 Schaubühne theatre by Erich Mendelsohn, 1926 Ahmadiyya Mosque Berlin, Germany's oldest mosque from 1926 Russian Orthodox cathedral of the Resurrection of Jesus, 1938 Neo-Gothic Roman Catholic Saint Ludwig Church, 1897 Power station Berlin-Wilmersdorf, 1977	Wilmersdorf	Germany
country	The Diamond Museum Amsterdam (Dutch: Diamant Museum Amsterdam) is a museum located at the Museumplein in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Diamond Museum Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	The Katholieke Hogeschool Vives Noord (Catholic College Vives North) is a college for higher education in Belgium which was founded in the 1990s.	Katholieke Hogeschool Vives Noord	Belgium
country	Luyksgestel was a part of the Southern Netherlands (the present Belgium) for a long time.	Luyksgestel	Netherlands
country	Zalog pri Škocjanu (pronounced (ˈzaːlɔk pɾi ʃkɔˈtsjaːnu)) is a small village west of Škocjan in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia.	Zalog pri Škocjanu	Slovenia
country	Phú Quốc is the largest island in Vietnam.	Phú Quốc	Vietnam
country	Kocs (Hungarian pronunciation: (kotʃ)) is a village in Komárom-Esztergom county, Hungary.	Kocs	Hungary
country	Snekkersten Station is a railway station serving the district of Snekkersten in the southern outskirts of the city of Helsingør, Denmark.	Snekkersten Station	Denmark
country	Saros Bay or Gulf of Saros (Turkish: Saros Körfezi) is an inlet of the northern Aegean Sea located north of the Gallipoli Peninsula in northwestern Turkey.	Gulf of Saros	Turkey
country	Yugoiztochen Planning Region (South-East Planning Region) is one of Bulgaria's planning regions.	Yugoiztochen Planning Region	Bulgaria
country	Barlonyo (also Bar Lonyo, meaning ``field of wealth'' in Luo) is a village in northern Uganda near Lira town, where a number of internally displaced people (IDPs) from parts of northern Uganda lived, as a result of a 20-year LRA insurgency.	Barlonyo	Uganda
country	Beauce-Sud is a provincial electoral district in the Chaudière-Appalaches and Estrie regions of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec.	Beauce-Sud	Canada
country	The village of Gatumba lies on the western side of Burundi, near the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Gatumba	Burundi
country	Rogfast or the Rogaland Fixed Link is a planned sub-sea road tunnel between the municipalities of Randaberg (near the city of Stavanger) and Bokn in Rogaland county, Norway.	Rogfast	Norway
country	Ratkovci (Hungarian: Rátkalak,) is a small village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Ratkovci	Slovenia
country	Aguazul (Spanish pronunciation: (aɣwaˈsul)) is a town and municipality in the Department of Casanare, Colombia.	Aguazul	Colombia
country	The Mater Misericordiae University Hospital (commonly known as the Mater or MMUH (Irish: Ospidéal an Mater Misercordiae)) is a major teaching hospital, based at Eccles Street, Phibsboro, on the northside of Dublin, Ireland.	Mater Misericordiae University Hospital	Ireland
country	Nordre Folgefonna (English: Northern Folgefonna) is one of the largest glaciers in mainland Norway.	Nordre Folgefonna	Norway
country	The Fisheries Law Centre (FLC) is a grassroots non-profit research centre headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.	Fisheries Law Centre	Canada
country	Poitou (French pronunciation: ​(pwatu)) was a province of west-central France whose capital city was Poitiers.	Poitou	France
country	Safiuddin Sarker Academy and College is a school located at Tongi, Gazipur Sadar Upazila, Gazipur District, Bangladesh.	Safiuddin Sarker Academy and College	Bangladesh
country	Manyame is a constituency of Mashonaland West in Zimbabwe.	Manyame	Zimbabwe
country	Sipiory (ɕiˈpjɔrɨ) (German: Bergneukirchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sipiory	Poland
country	Kondazi (Persian: كندازي‎, also Romanized as Kondāzī; also known as Kondārī and Kundāzi) is a village in Abarj Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kondazi	Iran
country	Gardaland is an amusement park located in North-Eastern Italy.	Gardaland	Italy
country	The Tararua District is an area near the south-east corner of New Zealand's North Island that is administered by the Tararua District Council.	Tararua District	New Zealand
country	Osewo (ɔˈsɛvɔ) (German Wossau) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Osewo	Poland
country	Siem Pang Protected Forest is located in north-eastern Cambodia and is part of a large protected area complex that includes the Xe Pian protected area in Laos and the Virachey National Park in Cambodia, and Chư Mom Ray National Park in Vietnam.	Siem Pang Protected Forest	Cambodia
country	Sielinko (ɕeˈlinkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sielinko	Poland
country	Gerdak-e Sepian (Persian: گردكسپيان‎, also Romanized as Gerdak-e Sepīān; also known as Gerd Taspīān) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerdak-e Sepian	Iran
country	Wolong National Nature Reserve (simplified Chinese: 卧龙自然保护区; traditional Chinese: 臥龍自然保護區; pinyin: Wòlóng Zìránbǎohùqū) is a protected area located in Wenchuan County, Sichuan Province, People's Republic of China.	Wolong National Nature Reserve	People's Republic of China
country	Severnaya Gora (Russian: Северная Гора; ``North Mountain'') is part of the Leningradsky District in northern Kaliningrad, Russia.	Severnaya Gora	Russia
country	Qovlar (also, Kovlar, Kovlyar, and Koylyar) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Tovuz, in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qovlar	Azerbaijan
country	Chalakudy is a municipal town situated on the banks of Chalakudy River in Thrissur District of the Kerala State in India.	Chalakudy	India
country	Srednji Dolič (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdnji ˈdɔːlitʃ) or (ˈsɾeːdnji ˈdoːlitʃ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia.	Srednji Dolič	Slovenia
country	Göteborgs Konsthall is a center for contemporary art in Gothenburg (Göteborg), Sweden, showing both Swedish and international art. It is placed in a classicistic building from 1923 at Götaplatsen in the center of the city.	Göteborgs Konsthall	Sweden
country	Jalan Langgar also known as Jalan Pahang Tua (Pahang state route ) is a major road in Pahang, Malaysia.	Jalan Langgar	Malaysia
country	Kherki Daula is a big village of Yaduvanshi Ahirs commonly known as Yadavs and Mahrauliya and Nirawalia commonly known as Jatav and Jatia in Gurgaon on National Highway 8 (India).	Kherki Daula	India
country	The Château de Lutzelhardt is a 13th-century castle in the commune of Obersteinbach in the Bas-Rhin département, France.	Château de Lutzelhardt	France
country	Capella Ecumenica Sanctæ Annæ in scopulis is a chapel in the archipelago of S:t Anna, in the province of Östergötland in Sweden.	Capella Ecumenica	Sweden
country	Hylte VBK is a volleyball club in Hyltebruk, Sweden, established in 1980.	Hylte VBK	Sweden
country	Gornji Ig (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnji ˈiːk); in older sources also Gorenji Ig, German: Oberigg) is a village in the hills southwest of Iška Vas in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia.	Gornji Ig	Slovenia
country	The 2009 Xinjiang earthquake occurred in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	2009 Xinjiang earthquake	People's Republic of China
country	Osyedərə (also, Osyodərə, Os’yadarya, Os’yedara, and Os’yedere) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Osyedərə	Azerbaijan
country	Baku Slavic University (BSU) (Azerbaijani: Bakı Slavyan Universiteti), sometimes referred to as Baku Slav University, is a public university located in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Baku Slavic University	Azerbaijan
country	Mgla (Russian: Мгла) is a rural locality (a village) in Zapolyarny District of Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Mgla	Russia
country	Bayano Lake is a reservoir in the eastern part of Panamá Province, Panama created when the Bayano River was dammed in 1976.	Bayano Lake	Panama
country	Damgheh-ye Kuchek (Persian: دامغه كوچك‎, also Romanized as Dāmgheh-ye Kūchek; also known as Dāmgām, Damgeh, and Dāmgheh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Damgheh-ye Kuchek	Iran
country	Ntoum or Nkan is a town in Estuaire Province in northwestern Gabon .	Ntoum	Gabon
country	Sanawan is a town in southern Punjab, Pakistan located near by the Sind River.	Sanawan	Pakistan
country	Iserbrook is a quarter in the Altona borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany.	Iserbrook	Germany
country	Wola Duchowna (ˈvɔla duˈxɔvna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wola Duchowna	Poland
country	As Sani` is a settlement in Qatar, located in the municipality of Umm Salal.	As Sani`	Qatar
country	NokScoot Airlines Company Limited, trading as NokScoot, is a Thailand-based low-cost medium to long-haul airline.	NokScoot	Thailand
country	La Jument is the name of a lighthouse at the Northwestern part of France, Brittany.	La Jument	France
country	Parchel (Persian: پرچل‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Parchel	Iran
country	Rozelle is a suburb in the inner west of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Rozelle	Australia
country	Bekisopa is a town in the region of Haute Matsiatra in central Madagascar.	Bekisopa	Madagascar
country	The Kurwaldbahn is a funicular railway in the town of Bad Ems in the Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Kurwaldbahn	Germany
country	Zinal is a village located in the municipality of Anniviers in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Zinal	Switzerland
country	Strezhevoy (Russian: Стрежево́й) is a town in Tomsk Oblast, Russia, located on the shores of the Ob River's canal.	Strezhevoy	Russia
country	Tolombeh-ye Seyyedeh (Persian: تلمبه سيده‎) is a village in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Seyyedeh	Iran
country	Khushipur is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Khushipur	Pakistan
country	Lunkuni Airport (ICAO: FZCN) is an airstrip serving the village of Lunkuni in Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lunkuni Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Tademaït is a natural region in the Sahara Desert right in the centre of Algeria.	Tademaït	Algeria
country	Tatabánya (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtɒtɒbaːɲɒ)) is a city of 67,753 inhabitants in northwestern Hungary, in the Central Transdanubian region.	Tatabánya	Hungary
country	Carletonville is a gold-mining town in western Gauteng, South Africa.	Carletonville	South Africa
country	Waytemore Castle is a ruined castle in the town of Bishop's Stortford in Hertfordshire, United Kingdom.	Waytemore Castle	United Kingdom
country	The São Bento Fountain (Portuguese: Fonte de São Bento) is a fountain located in Corticeiro de Baixo, Carapelhos, Mira, Portugal.	São Bento Fountain	Portugal
country	The Mittelaletsch Glacier (German: Mittelaletschgletscher) is a 5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Mittelaletsch Glacier	Switzerland
country	Khocho (Russian: Хочо) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Nakharinsky 2-y Rural Okrug of Megino-Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 37 kilometers (23 mi) from Nizhny Bestyakh, the administrative center of the district.	Khocho	Russia
country	Bon Tuman-e Yek (Persian: بن تومان يك‎, also Romanized as Bon Tūmān-e Yek and Bontūmān-e Yek) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bon Tuman-e Yek	Iran
country	Masagua (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈsaɣwa)) is a municipality in the Escuintla department of Guatemala.	Masagua	Guatemala
country	Mauerbach Charterhouse (German: Kartause Mauerbach), in Mauerbach on the outskirts of Vienna, Austria, is a former Carthusian monastery, or charterhouse.	Mauerbach Charterhouse	Austria
country	Herringlose (Danish: Herringløse) is a village with a population of 402 (1 January 2014) in Roskilde municipality, Denmark.	Herringlose	Denmark
country	Cerro Negro de Mayasquer is a volcano on the border of Colombia and Ecuador.	Cerro Negro de Mayasquer	Colombia
country	Livanates (Greek: Λιβανάτες) is a seaside town (population in 2001: 3,023) in Phthiotis, central Greece.	Livanates	Greece
country	Fässberg Parish is a parish in the Diocese of Gothenburg in Sweden.	Fässberg Parish	Sweden
country	Gurdwara Panja Sahib (ਗੁਰੂਦਵਾਰਾ ਪੰਜਾ ਸਾਹਿਬ) is a gurdwara situated at Hasan Abdal, 48 kilometres (30 mi) from Rawalpindi in Pakistan.	Gurdwara Panja Sahib	Pakistan
country	Kumrovec (Croatian pronunciation: (kûmroʋet͡s)) is a village in the northern part Croatia, part of Krapina-Zagorje County.	Kumrovec	Croatia
country	Bursa Province (Turkish: Bursa ili) is a province in Turkey, along the Sea of Marmara coast in northwestern Anatolia.	Bursa Province	Turkey
country	Imatrankoski (``The Imatra Rapid'') is a rapid on the Vuoksi River in Imatra, Finland.	Imatrankoski	Finland
country	Ashnak (Armenian: Աշնակ; formerly, Eshniak) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Ashnak	Armenia
country	Haviq (Persian: حويق‎, also Romanized as Ḩavīq; also known as Hevik) is a city in and the capital of Haviq District, in Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Haviq	Iran
country	Bredasdorp is a town in the Southern Overberg region of the Western Cape, South Africa, and the main economic and service hub of that region.	Bredasdorp	South Africa
country	Preddvor (pronounced (pɾɛˈdʋɔɾ); German: Höflein) is a town in Slovenia.	Preddvor	Slovenia
country	Siswal is a village in Hisar district, Haryana, India Siswal is the early harappan civilisation site.	Siswal	India
country	Sorik (Armenian: Սորիկ; until 1935, Zorba and Dzorba) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Sorik	Armenia
country	Bryansk International Airport (Russian: Международный аэропорт ``Брянск'') (IATA: BZK, ICAO: UUBP) is an airport in Bryansk Oblast in western Russia.	Bryansk International Airport	Russia
country	Prostřední Suchá (Polish: Sucha Średnia, German: Mittel Suchau) is a village in Karviná District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Prostřední Suchá	Czech Republic
country	Playa Puerto Cruz is a roughly 1 km long beach located near Pedro Gonzalez in Isla Margarita, Venezuela.	Playa Puerto Cruz	Venezuela
country	The Ministry of Personnel Management (Hangul: 인사혁신처; hanja: 人事革新處) is a branch of the government of South Korea.	Ministry of Personnel Management	South Korea
country	Hålanda Church (Swedish: Hålanda kyrka) is a church in Hålanda, Skepplanda-Hålanda, in the diocese of Gothenburg, which lies in Västergötland, Sweden.	Hålanda Church	Sweden
country	The Thagone mine is a large potash mine located in northern Laos in Vientiane Province.	Thagone mine	Laos
country	Moschato (Greek: Μοσχάτο) is a suburb in the southwestern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Moschato	Greece
country	Amares e Figueiredo is a civil parish in the municipality of Amares, Braga District, Portugal.	Amares e Figueiredo	Portugal
country	Borcea is a commune situated in the eastern part of Călăraşi County, Romania.	Borcea	Romania
country	Džep (Serbian: Џеп) is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Vladičin Han, district of Pčinja.	Džep	Serbia
country	Semirom (Persian: سميرم‎, also Romanized as Semīrom, Samirum, and Sīmrom) is a city in and the capital of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Semirom	Iran
country	Nacharam is a suburb of Hyderabad capital city of Telangana State in India.	Nacharam	India
country	Niavan (also, Yamandzhalu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Niavan	Armenia
country	Alcossebre (Spanish: Alcocéber) is a seaside village in the Valencian Community located on the Costa del Azahar along the eastern Mediterranean coast of Spain in the province of Castelló.	Alcossebre	Spain
country	The Gola Rainforest National Park (GRNP) was declared by President of Sierra Leone Ernest Bai Koroma and enacted by the Parliament of Sierra Leone in December 2010.	Gola Rainforest National Park	Sierra Leone
country	The Mỹ Thuận Bridge (Vietnamese: Cầu Mỹ Thuận) is a cable-stayed bridge over the Mekong river, connecting Cái Bè District of Tiền Giang Province with Vĩnh Long City of Vĩnh Long Province in Vietnam.	Mỹ Thuận Bridge	Vietnam
country	St. Joseph Chapel, Americankettu North West, is in Cheloor, a village in Irinjalakuda, Trichur, Kerala, India, on the coast of the Arabian Sea.	St. Joseph Chapel, Americankettu North West	India
country	Nowa Gazomia (ˈnɔva ɡaˈzɔmja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowa Gazomia	Poland
country	Aqcha or Akcha (Perso-Arabic spelling: آقچه), is a town in northern Afghanistan.	Aqcha	Afghanistan
country	Lucelle Abbey or Lützel Abbey (French: Abbaye de Lucelle; German: Kloster Lützel) was a Cistercian monastery in the present village of Lucelle, in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace, France, but located right on the Swiss border.	Lucelle Abbey	France
country	Shivneri Caves (शिवनेरी लेणी) are located on Shivneri Hill, about 3 km North West of the Junnar town India.	Shivneri Caves	India
country	The Nara Canal is an excavated waterway in Sindh province, Pakistan.	Nara Canal	Pakistan
country	Simberi Island is a volcanic island in the Tabar Group, in Papua New Guinea's New Ireland Province.	Simberi Island	Papua New Guinea
country	The Panjshir River flows through the Panjshir Valley in northeastern Afghanistan, 150 kilometres (93 mi) north of Kabul.	Panjshir River	Afghanistan
country	Balutak (Persian: بلوطك‎, also Romanized as Balūţak) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Balutak	Iran
country	The Basilica of Sant'Abbondio is a church in Como, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Basilica of Sant'Abbondio	Italy
country	Brashten (Bulgarian: Бръщен) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria.	Brashten	Bulgaria
country	The Royal Academy of Engineering of Spain (Spanish: Real Academia de Ingeniería, RAI) is a corporation under public law entity that is governed by its statutes and by its internal regulations.	Royal Academy of Engineering	Spain
country	In 2013 Hethersett became the first village or town in the United Kingdom to receive a Prime Minister's Big Society Award for its outstanding contribution to the Olympic legacy and sport and fitness in general.	Hethersett	United Kingdom
country	The Alte Pinakothek (Old Pinakothek) is an art museum located in the Kunstareal area in Munich, Germany.	Alte Pinakothek	Germany
country	The Isozaki Atea (Basque: Isozaki Gate) twin towers in Bilbao, Spain are the tallest residential buildings in the city and the Basque Country.	Isozaki Atea	Spain
country	Guaymate is a town or municipality in La Romana province of the Dominican Republic.	Guaymate	Dominican Republic
country	According to 2011 Nepal census, Thecho has a population of 10086 living in 2352 individual households.	Thecho	Nepal
country	Midtre Folgefonna is a glacier located in the Hardanger region of Hordaland county, Norway.	Midtre Folgefonna	Norway
country	A/S Bærumsbanen was a tram company that operated the Lillaker-, Kolsås and Østensjø Line of the Oslo Tramway, Norway, from 1924 to 1971 when the company became part of Oslo Sporveier.	Bærumsbanen	Norway
country	Yanuca Levu (pronounced (jaˈnuða ˈleβu)) is an island in Fiji's Lomaiviti group.	Yanuca Levu	Fiji
country	Cabaret des Quat'z'Arts (``cabaret of the four arts'') was a venue at 62 Boulevard de Clichy, in Paris, France.	Cabaret des Quat'z'Arts	France
country	The Arkadi Monastery (in Greek: / Moní Arkadhíou) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery, situated on a fertile plateau 23 km (14 mi) to the southeast of Rethymnon on the island of Crete in Greece.	Arkadi Monastery	Greece
country	Kjalarnes (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈcʰaːlarˌnɛːs)) is the least populous district in the municipality of Reykjavík, the capital of Iceland, with a population of around 600 inhabitants.	Kjalarnes	Iceland
country	Angoche Airport (IATA: ANO, ICAO: FQAG) is an airport serving Angoche, a city of Nampula Province in Mozambique.	Angoche Airport	Mozambique
country	Storgosia was a road station of Ancient Rome located in the vicinity of modern Pleven, north-central Bulgaria, in the modern Kaylaka Park.	Storgosia	Bulgaria
country	Tindouf Airport is an airport in Tindouf, Algeria (IATA: TIN, ICAO: DAOF).	Tindouf Airport	Algeria
country	The Ryazan Power Station (also called Novomichurinsk Power Station) is the fifth largest oil-fired power station in the world, also the fifth largest power station in Russia, with an installed capacity of 3,070 MW.	Ryazan Power Station	Russia
country	Arienzo is a town and comune in the Province of Caserta, Campania, southern Italy.	Arienzo	Italy
country	Turun Weikot (TuWe for short) is a sports club from Turku, Finland.	Turun Weikot	Finland
country	Temwen Island is a small island off the southeastern coast off the island of Pohnpei in the Federated States of Micronesia.	Temwen Island	Federated States of Micronesia
country	The Hurum Line (Norwegian: Hurumbanen) was a proposed railway line which would have connected Røyken and Hurum in Buskerud, Norway.	Hurum Line	Norway
country	Ramsrigelj (pronounced (ˈɾaːmsɾiɡɛl); German: Ramsriegel) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Ramsrigelj	Slovenia
country	Gerdah Belij (Persian: گرده بليج‎, also Romanized as Gerdah Belīj; also known as Gerdah Belej and Gerdeh Balīch) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerdah Belij	Iran
country	Härlanda Church Ruins (Swedish: Härlanda kyrkoruin) are the remains of a medieval church in Gothenburg, Sweden close to the picturesque housing area Bagaregården.	Härlanda Church Ruins	Sweden
country	Dalavan (Persian: دالاوان‎, also Romanized as Dālāvān) is a village in Piran Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dalavan	Iran
country	The River Clare (Irish: Abhainn an Chláir) is a river in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland.	River Clare	Ireland
country	Wadi el Kuf Bridge (Formal Arabic: جسر وادي الكوف, jisr ouadi elkouf), is a bridge located 20 km west of Bayda, Libya.	Wadi el Kuf Bridge	Libya
country	Molossoi (Greek: Μολοσσοί) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Molossoi	Greece
country	Turiy Peninsula (Russian: Турий полуостров) is peninsula located in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Turiy Peninsula	Russia
country	Overschie is a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, Netherlands, formerly a separate village with its own municipality.	Overschie	Netherlands
country	Ňasan khēl is a town located in Afghanistan with a population of 1,652.	Ňasan khēl	Afghanistan
country	Rothéneuf is a village in the north west of France, situated north-east from Saint-Malo, about five kilometres alongside the coast.	Rothéneuf	France
country	The Gender Recognition Panel is a tribunal in the United Kingdom dealing with transsexual and transgender concerns and allowing people to change their legal gender.	Gender Recognition Panel	United Kingdom
country	Artupa (also, Ardupa) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Artupa	Azerbaijan
country	Batnoga is a village in municipality of Cetingrad in Croatia, population 95 (2011).	Batnoga	Croatia
country	Tālava was a Latgalian county in the northern Vidzeme and northern Latgale region of today's Latvia.	Tālava	Latvia
country	The Takwa settlement is situated on the south side of Manda Island, in the Lamu District in the coastal province of Kenya.	Takwa	Kenya
country	The Château Saint-Aubin is a Bordeaux wine producer in Jau-Dignac-et-Loirac, Gironde, France.	Château Saint-Aubin	France
country	Gharbeh (Persian: غربه‎; also known as Gharbeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gharbeh	Iran
country	The Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, in the former Soviet Union, and was originally a part of the Mountain Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.	Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Yalnızcabağ (literally ``Lonely orchard'') is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Yalnızcabağ	Turkey
country	Göscheneralpsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Göschenen, Canton of Uri, Switzerland.	Göscheneralpsee	Switzerland
country	The Mambai (also Mambae, Manbae) are the second largest ethnic group in East Timor.	Mambai	East Timor
country	Nilai Memorial Park is a public memorial park in Nilai, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Nilai Memorial Park	Malaysia
country	Kallebäck is one of 8 districts in Örgryte borough, Gothenburg, Sweden.	Kallebäck	Sweden
country	Krathis (Greek: Κράθις) is a river in the eastern part of Achaea, southern Greece.	Krathis	Greece
country	Ab Nagun (Persian: آب‌نگون‎, also Romanized as Āb Nagūn and Ābnagūn) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Nagun	Iran
country	The Rensumaborg is a borg in the village of Uithuizermeeden in Groningen in the Netherlands.	Rensumaborg	Netherlands
country	26 October Barracks is a former barracks of the Slovenian Armed Forces, located at Stara Vrhnika in Vrhnika Municipality, central Slovenia.	26 October Barracks	Slovenia
country	Kfar Azar (Hebrew: כְּפַר אֲזָ``ר) is a moshav ovdim located in the Ono Valley in central Israel.	Kfar Azar	Israel
country	Cospicua (Maltese: Bormla (ˈbɔrmlɐ)), also known by its titles Città Cospicua or Civitas Cottonera, is a double-fortified harbour city in the South Eastern Region of Malta.	Cospicua	Malta
country	The Weesp train disaster took place on 13 September 1918 near Weesp in the Netherlands.	Weesp train disaster	Netherlands
country	The Tsitsikamma River (Afrikaans: Tsitsikammarivier) is a small river at the western end of the Eastern Cape coast, South Africa.	Tsitsikamma River	South Africa
country	Felsenegg (el. 804 metres (2,638 ft)) is a vantage point in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Felsenegg	Switzerland
country	Delli-ye Solmavand (Persian: دلي سلماوند‎, also Romanized as Dellī-ye Solmāvand) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Delli-ye Solmavand	Iran
country	Kreta Ayer Road (Chinese: 水车路) is a one-way road located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore.	Kreta Ayer Road	Singapore
country	Deh Riz (Persian: دهريز‎, also Romanized as Deh Rīz, Dehraz, and Deīrīz) is a village in Bardesareh Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Riz	Iran
country	Sovinek (pronounced (sɔˈʋiːnək)) is a small village in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia.	Sovinek	Slovenia
country	Kalasur (Persian: كلاسور‎, also Romanized as Kalāsūr, Kalasoor, and Kelāsūr; also known as Keyālīsūr, Kialiasur, and Kyalyasur) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalasur	Iran
country	Fáy András Economic High School (Hungarian: Fáy András Közgazdasági Szakközépiskola) in the city of Miskolc, Hungary, was opened on 3 October 1917 as a girl's economic high school.	Fáy András Economic High School	Hungary
country	Mazarlaq (Persian: مزارلق‎, also Romanized as Mazārlaq; also known as Eslāmbūl) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazarlaq	Iran
country	Pandatarai is a town & (since 2008) nagar panchayat in the Kabirdham (formerly Kawardha) district of Chhattisgarh, India.	Pandatarai	India
country	Yundum is a small town in Gambia, east of the capital, Banjul.	Yundum	Gambia
country	Miiluranta is a village in Finland, the municipality of Kärsämäki, Northern Ostrobothnia.	Miiluranta	Finland
country	Mont-Tremblant National Park (French: Parc national du Mont-Tremblant) is a national park of Canada located north of the town of Mont-Tremblant, and the village of Saint-Donat and Saint-Côme, in the administrative regions of Laurentides and Lanaudière, in Quebec, in Canada.	Mont-Tremblant National Park	Canada
country	Cabanillas de la Sierra (Spanish pronunciation: (kaβaˈniʎaz ðe la ˈsjera)) is a municipality of the autonomous community of Madrid, Spain.	Cabanillas de la Sierra	Spain
country	Sandbore Caye is a very small island 50 miles (80 km) off the coast of Belize, part of Lighthouse Reef Atoll.	Sandbore Caye	Belize
country	Hendelabad (Persian: هندل اباد‎, also Romanized as Hendelābād; also known as Hamādīlābād and Handīlābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hendelabad	Iran
country	Faistos (Greek: Φαιστός) is a municipality in Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Faistos	Greece
country	The Haidari concentration camp (Greek: στρατόπεδο συγκέντρωσης Χαϊδαρίου, stratópedo syngéntrosis Chaidaríou, German: KZ Chaidari) was a concentration camp operated by the German Schutzstaffel in Haidari during the Axis Occupation of Greece from September 1943 to September 1944.	Chaidari	Greece
country	Pudasjärvi Airfield (ICAO: EFPU) (Finnish: Pudasjärven lentokenttä or Pudasjärven Ilmailukeskus) is an airfield in Pudasjärvi, Finland, about 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-northwest from Kurenalus, the Pudasjärvi town centre.	Pudasjärvi Airfield	Finland
country	Nador International Airport (Berber: Anafag n Ennaḍor Aɛarwi; Arabic: مطار الناظور العروي‎), (IATA: NDR, ICAO: GMMW), is an international airport serving Nador, a city in the Oriental region in Morocco.	Nador International Airport	Morocco
country	Kalocsa (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkɒlot͡ʃɒ); Croatian: Kaloča or Kalača; Serbian: Kaloča or Калоча; German: Kollotschau) is a town in Bács-Kiskun county, Hungary.	Kalocsa	Hungary
country	Zavinaq (Persian: ذوينق‎, also Romanized as Z̄avīnaq; also known as Zavanaq, Zavanīq, Zavnīq, Zoonaq, Zūneh, and Zvina) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zavinaq	Iran
country	Obersinn is a market community in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Burgsinn.	Obersinn	Germany
country	Tchórz (txuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tchórz	Poland
country	Every year since 1973 one of the largest antiques markets in Switzerland (Fête de la brocante) is held in Le Landeron.	Le Landeron	Switzerland
country	Birinci İpək (also, İpək-1) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Birinci İpək	Azerbaijan
country	Chedoke Twin Pad Arena is a city-owned recreation complex in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Chedoke Twin Pad Arena	Canada
country	Mieszkowice (mʲɛʂkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (German: Bärwalde in der Neumark; Kashubian: Berwôłd) is a town in Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland, about 15 km (9.3 mi) east of the Oder river and the border with Germany.	Mieszkowice	Poland
country	The Kamiesberg or Kamiesberge (Khoikhoi ``Th'amies'' = ``jumble''), is a mountain range of jumbled granite inselbergs or bornhardts dotted over sandy plains and centered on Kamieskroon in Namaqualand in South Africa.	Kamiesberge	South Africa
country	The Rowghat Mines contain the second largest iron ore deposits in Chhattisgarh state of India after the Bailadila Iron Ore Mine.	Rowghat Mines	India
country	Nonnebakken (literally, ``The Nun Hill'') is a hill in Odense, Denmark.	Nonnebakken	Denmark
country	Égletons (Aus Gletons in Occitan) is a commune in the Corrèze department in south-western France.	Égletons	France
country	Darnah Governorate (Derna Governorate, Arabic: درنة محافظة‎) was one of the governorates (muhafazah) of Libya from 1963 to 1983.	Darnah Governorate	Libya
country	The Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral (Spanish: Catedral Metropolitana de Buenos Aires) is the main Catholic church in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral	Argentina
country	Treinta y Tres is the capital city of the Treinta y Tres Department in eastern Uruguay.	Treinta y Tres	Uruguay
country	Rotpartiet (a Swedish term which can be translated as ``Root Party'' or ``Grassroots Party'') is a local political party in the municipality of Åtvidaberg, Sweden.	Rotpartiet	Sweden
country	The existing name Rogged Bay was recommended, as limited to this small bay, by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1954.	Rogged Bay	United Kingdom
country	Hardangervidda is a mountain plateau (``vidde'' in Norwegian) in central southern Norway, covering parts of the counties of Buskerud, Hordaland and Telemark.	Hardangervidda	Norway
country	The Telkwa Range is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges, located south of the junction of the Telkwa River and Bulkley River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Telkwa Range	Canada
country	Naregun Hasan (Persian: نارگون حسن‎, also Romanized as Nāregūn Ḩasan) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Naregun Hasan	Iran
country	Lady Julia Percy Island, also known by its Aboriginal name Deen Maar or Dhinmar, lies 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) off the coast, in the Barwon South West region of Victoria, Australia in Bass Strait.	Lady Julia Percy Island	Australia
country	Nova Kakhovka (Ukrainian: Нова Каховка, Russian: Новая Каховка) is a city in the Kherson Oblast of southern Ukraine, recognized as the Monument of Architecture, and was part of the Great Construction Projects of Communism.	Nova Kakhovka	Ukraine
country	Amejjaou (Amazigh: Amejjaw, ⴰⵎⴻⵊⵊⴰⵡ, Arabic: ا مجو) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Amejjaou	Morocco
country	Batagay Airport (IATA: BQJ, ICAO: UEBB) is an airport serving the urban locality of Batagay, Verkhoyansky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia, ashore the Yana River.	Batagay Airport	Russia
country	Netta-Folwark (ˈnɛtːa ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Netta-Folwark	Poland
country	Alt Tucheband is a municipality in the district Märkisch-Oderland, in Brandenburg, Germany	Alt Tucheband	Germany
country	Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈniu̯ərˌkɛrk aːn dɛn ˈɛi̯səl); population: 22,344 in 2004) is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel	Netherlands
country	Mont Néry (French) or Becca Frudiera (Italian) (3,075m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps in Aosta Valley, northwestern Italy, located between the Ayas Valley and the Gressoney Valley.	Mont Néry	Italy
country	Manarola (Manaea in the local dialect) is a small town, a frazione of the comune (municipality) of Riomaggiore, in the province of La Spezia, Liguria, northern Italy.	Manarola	Italy
country	The Klein Fiescherhorn (or Ochs) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, situated east of the Gross Fiescherhorn on the border between the cantons of Berne and Valais in Switzerland.	Klein Fiescherhorn	Switzerland
country	Southeast Edmonton is a residential area in the southeast portion of the City of Edmonton in Alberta, Canada.	Southeast Edmonton	Canada
country	Rønnede was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in the former Storstrøm County in south Denmark.	Rønnede	Denmark
country	Bagh-e Marbut (Persian: باغ مربوط‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Marbūţ) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Marbut	Iran
country	The Accademia delle Arti del Disegno, or ``Academy of the Arts of Drawing'', is an academy of artists in Florence, Italy.	Accademia delle Arti del Disegno	Italy
country	The H. Lavity Stoutt Community College (often referred to locally as HLSCC) is a community college in the British Virgin Islands.	H. Lavity Stoutt Community College	British Virgin Islands
country	Andouque (Andoca in Occitan) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.	Andouque	France
country	Isiolo is a town in the former Eastern Province, Kenya.	Isiolo	Kenya
country	Mayadin District (Arabic: منطقة الميادين‎) is a district (mantiqah) administratively belonging to Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syria.	Mayadin District	Syria
country	Waverley/Lake William Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CLW3) was located adjacent to the Waverley, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Waverley/Lake William Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Waterloo Region Record (formerly The Record) is the daily newspaper covering Waterloo Region, Ontario, Canada, including the cities of Kitchener, Waterloo and Cambridge, as well as the surrounding area.	Waterloo Region Record	Canada
country	Kozí Vrbovok is a village and municipality in the Krupina District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia, 4 miles (6.4 km) south-south east of Krupina.	Kozí Vrbovok	Slovakia
country	The Hamersley & Robe River railway, majority-owned by the Rio Tinto Group, and operated by its subsidiary Pilbara Iron, is a private rail network in the Pilbara region of Western Australia for the purpose of carrying iron ore.	Hamersley & Robe River railway	Australia
country	Tây Ninh Combat Base (also known as Tây Ninh Base Camp and Tây Ninh West) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) and current People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) base west of Tây Ninh in southern Vietnam.	Tây Ninh Combat Base	Vietnam
country	Nehzom-e Seyqal Kumeh (Persian: نهزم صيقل كومه‎, also Romanized as Nehzom-e Şeyqal Kūmeh; also known as Nehzom) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nehzom-e Seyqal Kumeh	Iran
country	Bockelnhagen is a village and a former municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany.	Bockelnhagen	Germany
country	Sport Club Gaúcho , also known as Gaúcho, is a Brazilian soccer club based in Passo Fundo, Brazil.	Sport Club Gaúcho	Brazil
country	Aalborg Zoo is a zoo located near the center of Aalborg in Denmark.	Aalborg Zoo	Denmark
country	Dønnesfjord Church (Norwegian: Dønnesfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county, Norway.	Dønnesfjord Church	Norway
country	The Battle of Telamon was fought between the Roman Republic and an alliance of Gauls in 225 BC. The Romans, led by the consuls Gaius Atilius Regulus and Lucius Aemilius Papus, defeated the Gauls, thus extending their influence over northern Italy.	Battle of Telamon	Italy
country	The firm is remembered mostly in connection with the development of Italy's first supersonic jet, the Aerfer Sagittario 2.	Aerfer	Italy
country	Novotel Warszawa Centrum is a skyscraper hotel in Warsaw, Poland.	Novotel Warszawa Centrum	Poland
country	Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil (Urdu/Punjabi: پنڈ دادن خان) is a subdivision of Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Bisaran (Persian: بيساران‎, also Romanized as Bīsārān and Beysāran; also known as Bhasran) is a village in Bisaran Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bisaran	Iran
country	Zavkuh Rural District (Persian: دهستان زاوكوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Zavkuh Rural District	Iran
country	Macará is a city located in Loja province in Ecuador.	Macará	Ecuador
country	Loiu (Spanish: Lujua) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Loiu	Spain
country	Noto Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Noto; La Chiesa Madre di San Nicolò) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Noto in Sicily, Italy.	Noto Cathedral	Italy
country	Douala International Airport (French: Aéroport international de Douala) (IATA: DLA, ICAO: FKKD) is an international airport located 10 kilometres (5 nmi; 6 mi) from Douala, the largest city in Cameroon and the capital of Cameroon's Littoral Region.	Douala International Airport	Cameroon
country	Bilibino (Russian: Били́бино) is a town and the administrative center of Bilibinsky District in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located at the confluence of the Karalveyem and Bolshoy Keperveyem Rivers (Kolyma's basin), 625 kilometers (388 mi) northwest of Anadyr, the administrative center of the autonomous okrug.	Bilibino	Russia
country	Curacoa Island (pron. KEWR-ə-sow) is one of the islands in the Great Palm Island group off the coast of Queensland, Australia.	Curacoa Island	Australia
country	East Kent College is a further education college (although also provides higher education courses) located in Broadstairs, Kent on the southeast coast of the United Kingdom.	East Kent College	United Kingdom
country	Officially RTL 5 - along with RTL 4, RTL 7 and RTL 8 - is headquartered in Luxembourg, broadcasting with a Luxembourg TV license.	RTL 5	Luxembourg
country	Mątowy Małe (mɔnˈtɔvɨ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Montau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłoradz, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mątowy Małe	Poland
country	Bardufoss Air Station (IATA: BDU, ICAO: ENDU) (Norwegian: Bardufoss flystasjon) is located in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county in Northern Norway.	Bardufoss Air Station	Norway
country	Museum Siam is a museum that is located at Sanamchai road in Bangkok, Thailand.	Museum Siam	Thailand
country	Skenderovići (Cyrillic: Скендеровићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Skenderovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Khomsianeh (Persian: خمسيانه‎‎, also Romanized as Khomsīāneh) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khomsianeh	Iran
country	Grand Valley (Madill Field) Aerodrome (TC LID: CGV4) was located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) southeast of Grand Valley, Ontario, Canada.	Grand Valley (Madill Field) Aerodrome	Canada
country	Punta Final Airstrip is a public airstrip located in Punta Final, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, a little village located on the Gulf of California coast.	Punta Final Airstrip	Mexico
country	Mak's Noodle (Chinese: 麥奀雲吞麵世家) is a traditional Cantonese restaurant in Central, Hong Kong, specialising in wonton noodles.	Mak's Noodle	Hong Kong
country	Førde Airport, Øyrane (IATA: FDE, ICAO: ENFD; Norwegian: Førde lufthavn, Øyrane) was a regional airport located at Øyrane in Førde, Norway.	Førde Airport, Øyrane	Norway
country	The Pevchesky Bridge (Russian: Пе́вческий мост; literally Singers' Bridge), also known as the Choristers' Bridge or Yellow Bridge (Жёлтый Мост, Zholtyi Most), is a single-span bridge across the Moika River in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Pevchesky Bridge	Russia
country	Bazimini or Bazmini is a small town on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros.	Bazimini	Comoros
country	The Metro Tláhuac is the terminal station of Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro.	Metro Tláhuac	Mexico
country	Iljas is a maritime village on the Albanian Riviera in Vlorë County, Albania.	Iljas	Albania
country	Czocha Castle (German: Tzschocha, Latin: Caychow) is a defensive castle in the Czocha village (Gmina Lesna), in Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (southwestern Poland).	Czocha Castle	Poland
country	Ruś Szlachtowska (Shlakhtov Ruthenia) was a name introduced in 1930s by Prof. Roman Reinfuss to denote the region surrounding four villages (Biała and Czarna Woda, Jaworki and Szlachtowa) in the Grajcarek valley in the Pieniny mountains, in the Nowy Targ County of southern Poland.	Ruś Szlachtowska	Poland
country	Boucles de l'Aulne is a single-day road bicycle race held annually in May or June around Châteaulin, in the region of Brittany, France.	Boucles de l'Aulne	France
country	Zibad (Persian: زيبد‎, also Romanized as Zībad) is a village in Zibad Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zibad	Iran
country	Panguil Bay, an arm of the Iligan Bay, is an inlet in Mindanao in the Philippines.	Panguil Bay	Philippines
country	Mount Douglas Secondary School is a four-year public secondary school located in Saanich, British Columbia, Canada, with around 1,200 students on roll.	Mount Douglas Secondary School	Canada
country	Dili International School is an international English-language school situated in Dili, the capital of East Timor.	Dili International School	East Timor
country	Hornby High School is a state coeducational secondary school located in the western Christchurch, New Zealand suburb of Hornby.	Hornby High School	New Zealand
country	Christ's College Big School is a building of Christ's College in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Christ's College Big School	New Zealand
country	The Jaguara Dam is an embankment dam on the Grande River about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of Rifaina, Brazil.	Jaguara Dam	Brazil
country	Andrejčje (pronounced (anˈdɾeːi̯tʃɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Andrejčje	Slovenia
country	Charlottenborg Palace (Danish: Charlottenborg Slot) is a large town mansion located on the corner of Kongens Nytorv and Nyhavn in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Charlottenborg Palace	Denmark
country	The proposed Springbok Flats mine will be located near Settlers in southern Limpopo province, South Africa.	Springbok Flats mine	South Africa
country	The Port of Montevideo (Spanish: Puerto de Montevideo), in the northern part of the Old City of Montevideo, Uruguay, is one of the major ports of South America and plays a very important role in the economy of Uruguay.	Port of Montevideo	Uruguay
country	The University of Rennes 1 is one of the two main universities in the city of Rennes, France.	University of Rennes 1	France
country	Sogamoso River (Spanish pronunciation: (soɣaˈmoso)) is a river of northern Colombia.	Sogamoso River	Colombia
country	Weidingen (Luxembourgish: Wegdichen) is a village in the commune of Wiltz, in north-western Luxembourg.	Weidingen	Luxembourg
country	The Bergisch Gladbach Observatory is an astronomical observatory located in Bergisch Gladbach, Germany, at 51°05′15.4``N 7°29′08.8''E. Its observatory code is 621.	Bergisch Gladbach Observatory	Germany
country	The Flens-Arena (until November 2012 the Campushalle) is an indoor sporting arena located in Flensburg, north Germany.	Flens-Arena	Germany
country	Hämeenlinnan Tarmo is a sports club founded in Hämeenlinna, Finland in 1903.	Hämeenlinnan Tarmo	Finland
country	Fasci d'Azione Internazionalista (English: Fasci of International Action) was an Italian fascio movement formed in 1914 that advocated Italy's participation in World War I on the side of the Triple Entente against the Central Powers.	Fasci d'Azione Internazionalista	Italy
country	Bjärka-Säby Castle (Nya slottet Bjärka-Säby) is a baroque style château located south of Linköping, in Östergötland County, Sweden.	Bjärka-Säby Castle	Sweden
country	The Flumenthal Dam is a regulating dam at Flumenthal, Switzerland, which was erected as the most important element of all the works of the Second Jura water correction.	Flumenthal Dam	Switzerland
country	Vecate parish (Latvian: Vecates pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Burtnieki Municipality, Latvia - located in northern Latvia, south of the town of Mazsalaca, near the river Salaca and Lake Burtnieks which is fourth largest lake in Latvia.	Vecate parish	Latvia
country	The Montenegrin Navy (Montenegrin: Mornarica Vojske Crne Gore) is a branch of the Military of Montenegro.	Montenegrin Navy	Montenegro
country	The McMichael Canadian Art Collection is an art gallery in Kleinburg, Ontario, Canada, northwest of Toronto.	McMichael Canadian Art Collection	Canada
country	The State of Brazil (Portuguese: Estado do Brasil) was one of the states of the Portuguese Empire, in the Americas during the period of Colonial Brazil.	State of Brazil	Portuguese Empire
country	Ghislenghien (Dutch: Gellingen) is a small town near Ath in Hainaut province, part of the Francophone Walloon region of Belgium.	Ghislenghien	Belgium
country	Malý Beranov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmaliː ˈbɛranof)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Malý Beranov	Czech Republic
country	Laggers Point is a headland on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Laggers Point	Australia
country	Pedong lies on the historic Silk Road that connects India to Lhasa via the Jelepla Pass.	Pedong	India
country	Via Paolo Sarpi is a street in Milan, Italy, known to be the center of the city's Chinese community (Chinatown).	Via Paolo Sarpi	Italy
country	Bomarzo is a town and comune of the province of Viterbo (Lazio, central Italy), in the lower valley of the Tiber.	Bomarzo	Italy
country	Kafue National Park is the largest national park in Zambia, covering an area of about 22,400 km² (similar in size to Wales or Massachusetts).	Kafue National Park	Zambia
country	The old monastery of San Juan de Ortega is a Romanesque monument in Barrios de Colina, in the province of Burgos, Spain.	San Juan de Ortega	Spain
country	Baix Empordà (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈbaʒ əmpurˈða), ``Lower Empordà'') is a comarca (county) in Catalonia, Spain, one of the two into which Empordà was divided in the comarcal division of 1936, the other one being Alt Empordà.	Baix Empordà	Spain
country	Ördəkli (also, Ordekli) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ördəkli	Azerbaijan
country	Vohitany is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in southwestern Madagascar.	Vohitany	Madagascar
country	The Finlayson Islands are a string of Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada.	Finlayson Islands	Canada
country	CKWT-FM is a radio station of Wawatay Radio Network in Sioux Lookout, Ontario, Canada.	CKWT-FM	Canada
country	The Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers (Spanish: Jefe del Gabinete de Ministros de la Nación Argentina) is a political office of Argentina, created by the 1994 amendment of the Argentine Constitution.	Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers	Argentina
country	Qasr al-Sir (Arabic: قصر السر‎; Hebrew: קסר א-סיר‎, lit. Fortress of Mystery) is a Bedouin village in the Negev desert in southern Israel.	Qasr al-Sir	Israel
country	Sister Benten Online is a record label based in Japan.	Sister Benten Online	Japan
country	Varnsdorf (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvarnzdorf); German: Warnsdorf, Upper Sorbian: Warnoćicy) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic, with a population of around 16,000.	Varnsdorf	Czech Republic
country	Atwood Airport, (TC LID: CNN4), was located 1.3 NM (2.4 km; 1.5 mi) northeast of Atwood, Ontario, Canada.	Atwood Airport	Canada
country	Uvwie is a Local Government Area (LGA) in Delta State, Nigeria.	Uvwie	Nigeria
country	The Tykocin Synagogue is an historic synagogue building in Tykocin, Poland.	Tykocin Synagogue	Poland
country	The Moto-Ski company of LaPocatière, Québec, Canada was purchased in 1971 by Bombardier.	Moto-Ski	Canada
country	The Delhi Eye is a transportable Ferris wheel installation at Kalindi Kunj Park in the Okhla neighbourhood of Delhi, India.	Delhi Eye	India
country	Glemmen is a parish and former municipality with the city of Fredrikstad, Østfold county, Norway.	Glemmen	Norway
country	Talbiseh (Arabic: تلبيسة‎, also spelled Talbisa, Tell Bisa, Talbeesa) is a large town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate, about 10 kilometers north of Homs.	Talbiseh	Syria
country	Osaka Gakuin University (大阪学院大学, Ōsaka Gakuin Daigaku), also known as Osaka Graduate University (OGU), is a mid-sized, mid-level private liberal arts university located in Suita, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.	Osaka Gakuin University	Japan
country	Loiano is a town and comune of province of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy in the Tusco-Emilian Apennines at 714 metres (2,343 ft) above sea level.	Loiano	Italy
country	Basean (Armenian: Բասեն) was a region of the old Armenia c. 300--800.	Basean	Armenia
country	Tiroler Tageszeitung (also known as TT) is a German provincial daily newspaper published in Innsbruck, Austria.	Tiroler Tageszeitung	Austria
country	Cư Pui is a commune (xã) in Krông Bông District, Đắk Lắk Province, Vietnam.	Cư Pui	Vietnam
country	Since 2006 Fieberbrunn is venue of a new event called 'SNOWFEVER', which is one of the biggest Big Mountain Events in Austria.	Fieberbrunn	Austria
country	The Tattoo is presented annually by the Royal Nova Scotia International Tattoo Society supported by subsidies and in-kind support from the Government of Canada, the Province of Nova Scotia, the Canadian Forces, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the Halifax Regional Municipality and the Corporate Community.	Royal Nova Scotia International Tattoo	Canada
country	Dairo Paulos (alternatively Da'iro P'awlos or Dahro Caulos) is a village on the outskirts of Asmara, Eritrea.	Dairo Paulos	Eritrea
country	Neuengamme is a quarter of Hamburg, Germany, located in the Bergedorf borough, near the river Dove Elbe (a tributary of the river Elbe).	Neuengamme	Germany
country	The Walsh Street House, also known as the Boyd House II, is a family home in Walsh Street, South Yarra, Victoria, Melbourne, Australia, designed by Robin Boyd in 1958, which the Boyds moved into a year later.	Walsh Street House	Australia
country	The Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance (Persian: وزارت فرهنگ و ارشاد اسلامی‎‎ also known as Ershad ارشاد) is the ministry of Culture of the Islamic Republic of Iran.	Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance	Iran
country	Deh-e Salahi (Persian: ده صلاحي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Şalāḩī; also known as Deh-e Şalāḩ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Salahi	Iran
country	Kaneh (Persian: كنه‎, also Romanized as Koneh) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kaneh	Iran
country	Chésopelloz (Arpitan: Tsèjopèlou ) is a municipality in the district of Sarine in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Chésopelloz	Switzerland
country	Långa raden (Swedish: ``The long row'') are two long buildings on the islet Skeppsholmen in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Långa raden	Sweden
country	The Labor-Progressive Party (French: Parti ouvrier-progressiste) was the legal political organization of the Communist Party of Canada between 1943 and 1959.	Labor-Progressive Party	Canada
country	Bobonong is a town in the Central District of Botswana 80 km from Selibe Phikwe town.	Bobonong	Botswana
country	Zawady Ełckie (zaˈvadɨ ˈɛu̯t͡skʲɛ) (German: Sawadden; 1938-1945: Auglitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zawady Ełckie	Poland
country	The East Frisian Peninsula (German: Ost-Friesland) refers to the North Sea coastal region of Germany between the bays of Dollart and Jade.	East Frisian Peninsula	Germany
country	Burange (Luxembourgish: Bireng, German: Büringen) is a neighbourhood in the north of Dudelange, in southern Luxembourg.	Burange	Luxembourg
country	Mount Mẫu Sơn is a mountain in Lộc Bình District, Lạng Sơn Province, in northeastern Vietnam.	Mount Mẫu Sơn	Vietnam
country	The Piloersemaborg (Dutch pronunciation: (piˈlursəmaːˌbɔrɣ); Borg of Piloersema) is a 17th-century borg (castle) in the village of Den Ham in Groningen in the Netherlands.	Piloersemaborg	Netherlands
country	Tomman Island is a small island in Vanuatu, just off the southwest coast of Malakula.	Tomman Island	Vanuatu
country	Ruins of Valdek Castle (just Valdek in Czech) can be found in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic, near the village of Komárov.	Valdek Castle	Czech Republic
country	Igreja da Nossa Senhora de Neves (The Church of Our Lady of Snows) is a historic church in the village of Rachol, on the banks of the river Zuari, in Goa, India.	Igreja da Nossa Senhora de Neves	India
country	The Alter Südfriedhof (Old South Cemetery) also known as ``Alter Südlicher Friedhof'' is a cemetery in Munich, Germany.	Alter Südfriedhof	Germany
country	Łomna Las (ˈwɔmna ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łomna Las	Poland
country	Marvin Lee Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Macoya, Trinidad and Tobago which is housed together with the Dr. João Havelange Centre of Excellence.	Marvin Lee Stadium	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Šintava (Hungarian: Sempte) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Šintava	Slovakia
country	Chaabet El Ham (Arabic: شعبة اللحم ‎) is a municipality in northwestern Algeria.	Chaabet El Ham	Algeria
country	Majdelyoun (Arabic: مجدليون‎) is a town in Southern Lebanon located 45 km (28 mi) from Beirut and 5 km (3.1 mi) east of Sidon at an elevation of 210 m (690 ft) above sea level.	Majdelyoun	Lebanon
country	McNeilly West Falls is a 6 metre high horsetail classic waterfall found on private property, (without permission to access), in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	McNeilly West Falls	Canada
country	Pennalurpet (Tamil:Pennalurpettai) is a village in India located between Andhra Pradesh and the Tamil Nadu border.	Pennalurpet	India
country	Pelorus Sound / Te Hoiere is the largest of the sounds which make up the Marlborough Sounds at the north of the South Island, New Zealand.	Pelorus Sound	New Zealand
country	Ourém (Portuguese pronunciation: (owˈɾɐ̃j)) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in Portugal.	Ourém	Portugal
country	Giv'at Ko'ah (Hebrew: גִּבְעַת כֹּ``חַ, lit. 28 Hill/Strength Hill) is a moshav in central Israel.	Giv'at Ko'ah	Israel
country	The Finnish conquest of East Karelia (1941) refers to a military campaign carried out by Finland in 1941.	Finnish conquest of East Karelia (1941)	Finland
country	Nockebybanan is a tram line between Nockeby and Alvik in the western suburbs of Stockholm, Sweden.	Nockebybanan	Sweden
country	The Chacao Channel bridge, also known as Chiloé Bicentennial Bridge, is a planned bridge that is to link the island of Chiloé with mainland Chile crossing the Chacao Channel.	Chacao Channel bridge	Chile
country	San Piero a Grado (Italian: Basilica di San Pietro Apostolo) is a church in Pisa, Tuscany, Italy, in the eponymous frazione 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) west of the city center.	San Piero a Grado	Italy
country	The Church of Lippe (German: Lippische Landeskirche) is a Reformed State Church (Landeskirche, i.e. a regionally delineated Protestant church body/synod) in Germany.	Church of Lippe	Germany
country	The fourth Baronet represented Exeter in the House of Commons from 1918 to 1931, when he was created Baron Mamhead of Exeter in the County of Devon, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.	Mamhead	United Kingdom
country	Ain W Zain also known as Ain Wazein (Arabic: عين و زين‎) is a Lebanese village in the Chouf District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate	Ain W Zain	Lebanon
country	Nnewi is the second largest city in Anambra State in southeastern Nigeria.	Nnewi	Nigeria
country	Ollolai is a comune at the center of Barbagia, in the province of Nuoro (Sardinia, Italy).	Ollolai	Italy
country	Vallanes, village in the east of Iceland close to Egilsstaðir.	Vallanes	Iceland
country	Creu de Santos or Xàquera is the highest mountain of the Serra de Cardó range, Catalonia, Spain.	Creu de Santos	Spain
country	Gelendzhik (Russian: Геленджи́к) is a resort town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Gelendzhik Bay of the Black Sea, between Novorossiysk (31 kilometers (19 mi) to the northwest) and Tuapse (93 kilometers (58 mi) to the southeast).	Gelendzhik	Russia
country	Frederiks Brygge (literally: Frederik's Quay``) is a waterfront area in the Southern Docklands of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frederiks Brygge	Denmark
country	Qaimpur is a city in Pakistan and comes under Tahseel Hasilpur in Punjab.	Qaimpur	Pakistan
country	Hütteldorf is well known throughout Austria and beyond as the site of the Gerhard-Hanappi-Stadion, the stadium in which Rapid Vienna hosts its home games.	Hütteldorf	Austria
country	The Paso Internacional Los Libertadores, also called Cristo Redentor, is a mountain pass in the Andes between Argentina and Chile.	Paso Internacional Los Libertadores	Argentina	Chile
country	Locri Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Santa Maria del Mastro; Duomo di Locri) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Virgin Mary in the city of Locri, in Calabria, Italy.	Locri Cathedral	Italy
country	Wasin is a settlement on Wasini Island in Kenya's Kwale County.	Wasin	Kenya
country	Nu'ulopa is a small uninhabited island in the Apolima Strait between the islands of Upolu and Savai'i in Samoa.	Nu'ulopa	Samoa
country	Hacienda Buena Unión in the municipality of San Germán, Puerto Rico was built in 1870.	Hacienda Buena Unión	Puerto Rico
country	The Braque d'Auvergne is a breed of dog originating in the mountain area of Cantal, in the historic Auvergne province in the mid-south of France.	Braque d'Auvergne	France
country	Tangos South is one of the eighteen barangays (or districts) of Navotas City in the Philippines .	Tangos South	Philippines
country	Verneřice (German Wernstadt) is a town in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Verneřice	Czech Republic
country	Riang Kotang fumarole field is located near the eastern tip of Flores island, Indonesia.	Riang Kotang	Indonesia
country	Osiny Dolne (ɔˈɕinɨ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osiny Dolne	Poland
country	Pančevo Airport (Аеродром Панчево or Aerodrom Pančevo) (ICAO: LYPA) is an airport near the city of Pančevo, Serbia near Belgrade.	Pančevo Airport	Serbia
country	Petrapole is the Indian side of Petrapole-Benapole border checkpoint between India and Benapole of Bangladesh near Bongaon in North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal.	Petrapole	India
country	Čornaja parish (Latvian: Čornajas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality, Latvia.	Čornaja parish	Latvia
country	Zahomce (pronounced (zaˈxoːmtsɛ)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Vransko in central Slovenia.	Zahomce	Slovenia
country	The Sherrard Falls is a cascade waterfall on an unnamed stream that is located in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.	Sherrard Falls	Australia
country	Ngonini is a town in northern Swaziland.	Ngonini	Swaziland
country	The Balıklı Greek Hospital (Turkish: Balıklı Rum Hastanesi) is a health care institution at Balıklı neighborhood of Yedikule quarter in Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul, which was established in the 18th century and continues its service run by the Greek community of Turkey.	Balıklı Greek Hospital	Turkey
country	The Canadian Heraldic Authority (CHA; French: L'Autorité héraldique du Canada) is part of the Canadian honours system under the Canadian monarch, whose authority is exercised by the Governor General of Canada.	Canadian Heraldic Authority	Canada
country	The National Museum of Damascus (Arabic: المتحف الوطني بدمشق‎) is a large museum in the heart of Damascus, Syria.	National Museum of Damascus	Syria
country	Ughli (Persian: اوغلي‎, also Romanized as Ūghlī; also known as Eroqlī, Evlī, Oghlū, Ovli, and Ovly) is a village in Aji Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ughli	Iran
country	Karanikolica (Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic: Караниколица, Albanian: Kara Nikolla) is a mountain peak in Kosovo and Macedonia.	Karanikolica	Kosovo
country	The 1989 Winter Universiade, the XIV Winter Universiade, took place in Sofia, Bulgaria.	1989 Winter Universiade	Bulgaria
country	Parkstadion was a multi-purpose stadium in Gelsenkirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, that is no longer used to host any major events.	Parkstadion	Germany
country	Torkofel (2,276 m) is a mountain of the Gailtal Alps in Carinthia, Austria.	Torkofel	Austria
country	Al-Shaykh Saad (Arabic: الشيخ سعد‎ ash-Shaykh Saʿad; also Romanized Sheikh Saad; also called Karnaim or Dair Ayyub which means ``The Monastery of Job'') is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located northwest of Daraa on the Syrian-Jordanian borders.	Al-Shaykh Saad	Syria
country	Coings is a commune in the Indre department in central France.	Coings	France
country	Gumbok Rangan is a stand-alone lofty rocky precipice located in Kurgiakh Valley of Zanskar, India in Lakong region.	Gumbok Rangan	India
country	The Pakistani community of London (also called London Pakistanis) consist of Pakistani emigrants and their descendants who have settled in London, the capital city of England and the United Kingdom.	Pakistani community of London	United Kingdom
country	The Netherlands Army Task Force Uruzgan (TFU) was part of NATO's Regional Command South, International Security Assistance Force, in Afghanistan.	Task Force Uruzgan	Netherlands
country	Quxur (also, Quxuroba and Kukhur) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Quxur	Azerbaijan
country	Midhordland or Midthordland is a traditional district in the Vestlandet region of Norway.	Midhordland	Norway
country	Sworowo (sfɔˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sworowo	Poland
country	Georgiyevsk (Russian: Гео́ргиевск) is a historical town in Stavropol Krai, Russia, located in the North Caucasus on submontane tableland on the right bank of the Podkumok River (a tributary of the Kuma River), 210 kilometers (130 mi) southeast of Stavropol.	Georgiyevsk	Russia
country	Tai Seng MRT Station (CC11) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Singapore and is located under the junction of Upper Paya Lebar Road and Tai Seng Link.	Tai Seng MRT Station	Singapore
country	Sonaimuri Model High School is a high school located in the Sonaimuri town of Sonaimuri Upazila, Noakhali, Bangladesh.	Sonaimuri Model High School	Bangladesh
country	Borinka is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Malacky District in the Bratislava Region, at the foothills of the Little Carpathians, best known for the Pajštún Castle, but it is also area with a lots of week-end houses (Slovak: chata).	Borinka	Slovakia
country	Kingstown is the capital, chief port, and main commercial centre of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.	Kingstown	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
country	El Padul is a municipality of south-eastern Spain, in the province of Granada, within the comarca of el Valle de Lecrín.	El Padul	Spain
country	Neulles is a commune of the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.	Neulles	France
country	Stærekassen (lit. ``The Nesting Box''), also known as Ny Scene (English: New Stage) is a theatre building annexed to the Royal Danish Theatre on Kongens Nytorv in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Stærekassen	Denmark
country	Chapel Carn Brea is an elevated Hercynian granite outcrop, owned by the National Trust at the southern edge of the civil parish of St Just, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Chapel Carn Brea	United Kingdom
country	Sept Days is a weekly Chinese language Chinese newspaper in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Sept Days	Canada
country	Omaja is a small town and consejo popular of the municipality of Majibacoa, Cuba.	Omaja	Cuba
country	Yekkeh Chenar (Persian: يكه چنار‎, also Romanized as Yekkeh Chenār) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yekkeh Chenar	Iran
country	Karasjok Church (Norwegian: Karasjok kirke) is a parish church in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Karasjok Church	Norway
country	The town of Schüttorf lies in southwesternmost Lower Saxony and in the westernmost part of the Federal Republic of Germany.	Schüttorf	Germany
country	The Kouhrang 2 Hydroelectric Power Station is located just south of Chelgard and about 69 km (43 mi) northwest of Shahrekord in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kouhrang 2 Hydroelectric Power Station	Iran
country	Kharman Jasukhteh (Persian: خرمن جاسوخته‎, also Romanized as Kharman Jāsūkhteh) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kharman Jasukhteh	Iran
country	Teaca (German: Tekendorf; Hungarian: Teke) is a commune in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania.	Teaca	Romania
country	The nearest railway station to Tharial is Madhopur and main station is Pathankot railway station at a distance of 8.5 km. Tharial Chowk is a name of a chowk near Madhopur in Pathankot, Punjab, India.	Tharial	India
country	Sela pri Hinjah (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈxiːnjax)) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Sela pri Hinjah	Slovenia
country	Gardermoen Air Station (IATA: OSL, ICAO: ENGM) (Norwegian: Gardermoen flystasjon) is located about 50 km north of Oslo, Norway.	Gardermoen Air Station	Norway
country	Byrakan (Russian: Быракан; Yakut: Быракаан) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Byrakansky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 90 kilometers (56 mi) from Verkhnevilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Byrakan	Russia
country	Oersberg (Danish: Ørsbjerg) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Oersberg	Germany
country	Penkun (German pronunciation: (pɛŋˈkuːn)) is a town in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Penkun	Germany
country	Krubki-Górki (ˈkrupki ˈɡurki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krubki-Górki	Poland
country	Karaköl (Kyrgyz: Каракөл; Russian: Кара-Куль; alternatively transcribed as Kara-Kulʼ, Kara-Kelʼ, or Kara-Köl) is a city in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Karaköl	Kyrgyzstan
country	Scornicești Solar Park, a large thin-film photovoltaic (PV) power system, is built on a 5 ha plot of land near the Scornicești commune in Romania.	Scornicești Solar Park	Romania
country	Fraureuth, located in the district of Zwickau, is a small town in Saxony, Germany.	Fraureuth	Germany
country	Shannon National Park is a national park on the south coast of Western Australia, 302 km (188 mi) south of Perth and 55 km (34 mi) southeast of Manjimup.	Shannon National Park	Australia
country	After the fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476 AD, Rome was first under the control of Odoacer and then became part of the Ostrogothic Kingdom before returning to East Roman control after the Gothic War, which devastated the city.	Rome	Ostrogothic Kingdom
country	UMF Sindri Höfn, commonly known as Sindri, is an Icelandic football and basketball club from the town of Höfn located on the east coast of Iceland.	UMF Sindri Höfn	Iceland
country	Woensdrecht Air Base (Dutch: Vliegbasis Woensdrecht) (IATA: WOE, ICAO: EHWO) is a military airport between the villages of Woensdrecht and Huijbergen, about 10 km (6 miles) south of the city of Bergen op Zoom in the Netherlands.	Woensdrecht Air Base	Netherlands
country	Rideau Street (French: Rue Rideau) is a major street in downtown Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and one of Ottawa's oldest and most famous streets running from Wellington Street in the west to Montreal Road in the east where it connects to the Vanier district.	Rideau Street	Canada
country	The Nakunta River is a river in the Gracias a Dios Department of Honduras that exits into the Caratasca Lagoon a few miles south of Puerto Lempira.	Nakunta River	Honduras
country	Ab Gonjeshki (Persian: اب گنجشكي‎, also Romanized as Āb Gonjeshkī; also known as Āb Gonjeshgān and Āb Gonjeshkān) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Gonjeshki	Iran
country	Chita Peninsula (知多半島 Chita Hantō) is a peninsula to the south of Aichi Prefecture, central Honshū, Japan.	Chita Peninsula	Japan
country	Junction Gate is a village in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located 6 km west from the Mozambique border and about 20 km east of Chipinge.	Junction Gate	Zimbabwe
country	Sarv-e Sofla (Persian: سروسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sarv-e Soflá; also known as Sarv, Sarv-e Pā’īn, Sarv Pā’īn, and Sarv Sufla) is a village in Aqda Rural District, Aqda District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Sarv-e Sofla	Iran
country	Kachkanar (Russian: Качкана́р) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located between the Isa and Vyya Rivers in the Tura River's basin, 205 kilometers (127 mi) north of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kachkanar	Russia
country	The Hannibal Islands are a group of small islands in the Shelburne Bay in the far north of Queensland, Australia about 100 km north of Cape Grenville, Cape York Peninsula in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park.	Hannibal Islands	Australia
country	Beljajka (Serbian Cyrillic: Бељајка) is a village situated in Despotovac municipality in Serbia.	Beljajka	Serbia
country	Monteverde, Costa Rica is a small community in Puntarenas, Costa Rica, located in the Cordillera de Tilarán.	Monteverde	Costa Rica
country	Vicente Pérez Rosales National Park (Spanish pronunciation: (biˈsente ˈpeɾes roˈsales)) is located in Los Lagos Region, Llanquihue Province, of Chile.	Vicente Pérez Rosales National Park	Chile
country	Riberalta Airport (IATA: RIB, ICAO: SLRI) is an airport in Riberalta, Bolivia.	Riberalta Airport	Bolivia
country	Maqov (also, Makov) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Maqov	Azerbaijan
country	Hillcrest International School (HIS) is a Christian K-12 educational institution that serves the international community in and around Papua, Indonesia.	Hillcrest International School	Indonesia
country	The Peak Hill Express was a weekly English language newspaper published in Peak Hill, New South Wales, Australia.	The Peak Hill Express	Australia
country	Dalešice Hydro Power Plant on the Jihlava River is a large power plant in the Czech Republic that has four Francis turbines with a nominal capacity of 120 megawatts (160,000 hp) each and a total capacity of 450 megawatts (600,000 hp).	Dalešice Hydro Power Plant	Czech Republic
country	Holte station is the railway station in Holte near Copenhagen, Denmark.	Holte station	Denmark
country	Whangarei Airport (IATA: WRE, ICAO: NZWR) is a small airport 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) to the south east of Whangarei city, in the suburb of Onerahi, on the east coast of Northland on the North Island, New Zealand.	Whangarei Airport	New Zealand
country	Podzemelj (pronounced (pɔdˈzeːməl); German: Podsemel) is a village on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia.	Podzemelj	Slovenia
country	The Tiúba River is a river on the border between Goiás and Tocantins states in central Brazil.	Tiúba River	Brazil
country	Drzewice (German: Alt-Drewitz) is the north-western borough of the town of Kostrzyn nad Odrą in western Poland.	Drzewice	Poland
country	Copenhagen Christian Center is a multicultural Church/Congregation in Copenhagen, Denmark expressed in many Communities and Groups.	Copenhagen Christian Center	Denmark
country	The Akola - Kacheguda Intercity Express is an Express train of South Central Railway Zone, which runs between the cities of Akola, the major Industrial & agricultural city of Maharashtra and Hyderabad, the capital city of Telangana, India.	Akola - Kacheguda Intercity Express	India
country	Belšak (pronounced (ˈbeːlʃak) or (ˈbeːu̯ʃak)) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Prevalje in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia, right on the border with Austria.	Belšak	Slovenia
country	Government House, Canberra, commonly known as Yarralumla, is the official residence of the Governor-General of Australia.	Government House, Canberra	Australia
country	The City of Coffs Harbour (Also known as Coffs Harbour City Council) is a local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	City of Coffs Harbour	Australia
country	There is a town named Jorai in Madhya Pradesh, India (latitude: 25.42779 and longitude: 77.74414).	Jorai	India
country	International University for Science and Technology (IUST) (IUST; Arabic: الجامعة الدولية الخاصة للعلوم والتكنولوجيا‎) is a private, accredited university located in Oum El Qusur, thirty five kilometers away from the center of Damascus, Syria.	International University for Science and Technology	Syria
country	Santa Maria della Mercede e Sant'Alfonso Maria de' Liguori (once church of Santa Maria della Redemption of Captives) is a church located in via San Sebastiano, near the Conservatory of San Pietro a Majella in the historic center of Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria della Mercede e Sant'Alfonso Maria de' Liguori	Italy
country	Sardar Bahadur Khan Women's University is a women's university located in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Sardar Bahadur Khan Women's University	Pakistan
country	Aniva (Russian: Ани́ва) is a coastal town and the administrative center of Anivsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, located on the coast of Aniva Bay in southern Sakhalin Island on the Lyutoga River, 37 kilometers (23 mi) south of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk.	Aniva	Russia
country	Manav Rachna International University is a co-educational private university from the state of Haryana, India.	Manav Rachna International University	India
country	Bihariganj a town in Bihar, India.	Bihariganj	India
country	Raohe County (simplified Chinese: 饶河县; traditional Chinese: 饒河縣; pinyin: Ráohé Xiàn) is a county of far eastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Raohe County	People's Republic of China
country	Iskań (ˈiskaɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Iskań	Poland
country	The University of Donja Gorica (Montenegrin: Univerzitet Donja Gorica Универзитет Доња Горица), also known as simply UDG is a private university located in Donja Gorica, a suburb of Podgorica, Montenegro.	University of Donja Gorica	Montenegro
country	Želče (pronounced (ˈʒeːltʃɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Želče	Slovenia
country	Ilovaisk (Ukrainian: Іловайськ) is a city in Khartsyzk municipality, Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Ilovaisk	Ukraine
country	Shahritus (Tajik: Шаҳритус شهر توس, Uzbek: Shaartuz) also spelled as Shaartuz (Russian: Шаартуз) is a city in southwestern Tajikistan.	Shaartuz	Tajikistan
country	Czerce (ˈt͡ʂɛrt͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Черче, Cherche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieniawa, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Czerce	Poland
country	Renouveau français is coordinated by a directorial committee and has regional branches in Île-de-France, Brittany, Anjou, Normandy, Vendée, Toulouse and Alsace.	Renouveau français	France
country	The Mersin Volleyball Hall (Turkish: Mersin Voleybol Salonu) is an indoor sports hall for volleyball events at Yenişehir district of Mersin, Turkey.	Mersin Volleyball Hall	Turkey
country	Qeshlaq-e Aqa Esmail (Persian: قشلاق اقااسماعيل‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Āqā Esmāʿīl) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Aqa Esmail	Iran
country	Dobričevići (Cyrillic: Добричевићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dobričevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Río Turbio is a town and municipality in the Güer Aike Department of the Santa Cruz Province in southern Argentina.	Río Turbio	Argentina
country	Tromøy Bridge (Tromøybrua) is a suspension bridge that crosses Tromøysundet east of Arendal in Norway, connecting the island Tromøy with the mainland.	Tromøy Bridge	Norway
country	Fencing at the Friendship Games took place at the Budapest Sportcsarnok in Budapest, Hungary between 15 and 21 July 1984.	Fencing at the Friendship Games	Hungary
country	Tehran University of Medical Sciences (TUMS) (Persian: دانشگاه علوم پزشکی تهران‎‎) is the largest, ``most distinguished'', and most highly ranked medical school of Iran.	Tehran University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	Collège du Léman (CdL) is a private, for-profit international school in Versoix, Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.	Collège du Léman	Switzerland
country	Three Anchor Bay is a suburb of Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Three Anchor Bay	South Africa
country	Övertorneå or Ylitornio is a locality and the seat of Övertorneå Municipality in Norrbotten County, Sweden with 1,917 inhabitants in 2010.	Övertorneå	Sweden
country	KaXu Solar One (KXSO) is a concentrated solar thermal plant, located in the Northern Cape Region of South Africa, located NE from the town of Pofadder, Khai Ma municipality.	KaXu Solar One	South Africa
country	Al-Uthmaniyah Madrasa (Arabic: المدرسة العثمانية‎) is a madrasah complex in Aleppo, Syria.	Al-Uthmaniyah Madrasa	Syria
country	Kloštar Podravski is a settlement and a municipality in the Koprivnica-Križevci County in Croatia.	Kloštar Podravski	Croatia
country	The Church of Santa María a Real do Sar (Galician: Igrexa de Santa María a Real do Sar) is a church located in Santiago de Compostela, Spain.	Church of Santa María a Real do Sar	Spain
country	Bruck an der Großglocknerstraße is a municipality in Zell am See District (Pinzgau), in the state of Salzburg in Austria.	Bruck an der Großglocknerstraße	Austria
country	Sievierodonetsk Power Station (also known as Sievierodonetsk TEC, Ukrainian: Сєвєродонецька ТЕЦ) is a thermal power station at Sievierodonetsk in Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine.	Sievierodonetsk Power Station	Ukraine
country	Saukin Wind (Arabic: سوکن ونڈ‎), also written Saukanwind, Saukinwind and Sokanwind, is medium sized town in Pasrur Tehsil, Sialkot District, Punjab, Pakistan located on road Pasrur - Qila Kalar Wala.	Saukin Wind	Pakistan
country	Nuyts Archipelago Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area located in the Nuyts Archipelago off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia within 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) to 75 kilometres (47 mi) south-west of Ceduna.	Nuyts Archipelago Wilderness Protection Area	Australia
country	Aralam Reserved Forest, also known as Aaralam Forest, is a protected area in the Western Ghats, northern Kerala, India.	Aralam Reserved Forest	India
country	The François Tomb is an important painted Etruscan tomb from the Ponte Rotto Necropolis in the Etruscan city of Vulci, in central Italy.	François Tomb	Italy
country	Dehloran County (Persian: شهرستان دهلران‎) is a county in Ilam Province in Iran.	Dehloran County	Iran
country	Dover Corporation Tramways was the operator of the second tramway system built in the United Kingdom.	Dover Corporation Tramways	United Kingdom
country	The Canadian Federation of Students (CFS) is the largest student organization in Canada.	Canadian Federation of Students	Canada
country	Betioky is a town in Atsimo-Andrefana Region, Madagascar and is crossed by the Route nationale 10.	Betioky	Madagascar
country	Springfields Fun Park is a small theme park in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Springfields Fun Park	United Kingdom
country	FK Renova (Macedonian: ФК Ренова) is a football club based in Džepčište, Republic of Macedonia playing in the Macedonian First League.	FK Renova	Macedonia
country	Falkenberg is a locality and the seat of Falkenberg Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 20,035 inhabitants in 2010 (out of a municipal total of 41,000).	Falkenberg	Sweden
country	Lubombo Conservancy comprises 5 reserves in Swaziland:	Lubombo Conservancy	Swaziland
country	Darżynko (darˈʐɨnkɔ) (German Neu Darsin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Darżynko	Poland
country	The Eden District Municipality is a district municipality located in the Western Cape Province of South Africa.	Eden District Municipality	South Africa
country	Lake Mai-Ndombe (French: Lac Mai-Ndombe) is a large freshwater lake in the Mai-Ndombe District of the Bandundu Province in western Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lake Mai-Ndombe	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Verkhnekolymsk (Russian: Верхнеколымск; Sakha: Үөһээ Халыма) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Verkhnekolymsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 5 kilometers (3.1 mi) from Zyryanka, the administrative center of the district.	Verkhnekolymsk	Russia
country	Carrigrohane (also Currikippane or Kilgrohanmore, meaning ``Marsh of the Little Sticks'') is a village and civil parish situated on the south bank of the River Lee to the west of the city of Cork in Ireland.	Carrigrohane	Ireland
country	The University of Life Sciences in Lublin (Polish: Uniwersytet Przyrodniczy w Lublinie) is an agricultural university in Poland.	University of Life Sciences in Lublin	Poland
country	The House of Norodom is the ruling royal house of Cambodia.	House of Norodom	Cambodia
country	Takht-e Soleyman District (Persian: بخش تخت سلیمان‎, meaning the ``Throne of Solomon'') is a district (bakhsh) in Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Soleyman District	Iran
country	Moskog is a small forested area in the municipality of Førde in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Moskog	Norway
country	Šēnheida Manor, also called Šengeida Manor, (German: Schönheyden) is a manor house in Šengeida (Šēnheida), Daugavpils municipality, Latvia, in the historical region of Selonia.	Šēnheida Manor	Latvia
country	Ion Creangă Pedagogical State University (Romanian: Universitatea Pedagogică de Stat ``I. Creangă'') is a higher educational institution in Chişinău, Moldova.	Ion Creangă Pedagogical State University	Moldova
country	Mu Ko Kam (Thai: หมู่เกาะกำ) is a group of Islands in Ranong Province, Thailand.	Mu Ko Kam	Thailand
country	Srbinovo (Macedonian: Србиново; Albanian: Sërmnovë) is a village in the Gostivar Municipality of Macedonia.	Srbinovo	Macedonia
country	Douglas Islet is a small island north of Shelburne Bay in far north Queensland, Australia about 130 km north of Cape Grenville, Cape York Peninsula in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland, Australia.	Douglas Islet	Australia
country	The Chaturdasha Temple is a Hindu temple (mandir) situated near Old Agartala, India, and features the Bengal dome patterned after the roofs of village huts in Bengal.	Chaturdasha Temple	India
country	Falelima is a village on the southwest corner of Savai'i island in Samoa.	Falelima	Samoa
country	Altai Nature Reserve (Russian: Алтайский заповедник, also called Altaisky) is a Russian 'zapovednik' (strict nature reserve) in the Altai Mountains of south Siberia, Russia.	Altai Nature Reserve	Russia
country	Hohe Straße is a shopping street in the old town of Cologne, Germany, and one of the city's both oldest and busiest streets.	Hohe Straße	Germany
country	Sumarreheide (Dutch: Suameerderheide) is a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Sumarreheide	Netherlands
country	Bundesstraße 244 (abbreviation: B 244) is a federal road in Germany that branches off the B 4 west of Dedelstorf towards the east and runs through Wittingen, Brome, Rühen, Velpke, Helmstedt, Schöningen, Dardesheim, Wernigerode to Elbingerode, where it ends at the B 27.	Bundesstraße 244	Germany
country	The Moskstraumen or Moskenstraumen is a system of tidal eddies and whirlpools, one of the strongest in the world, that forms at the Lofoten archipelago, Norway, in the Norwegian Sea.	Moskstraumen	Norway
country	Vigie is part of Castries, Saint Lucia.	Vigie	Saint Lucia
country	Radków-Kolonia (ˈratkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Radków-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Consumers' List (Italian: Lista Consumatori) is a political party in Italy.	Consumers' List	Italy
country	Dorrien Gardens (also known by its sponsored name, BGC Stadium) is an association football ground in West Perth, Western Australia.	Dorrien Gardens	Australia
country	Uriangato is one of 46 cities in Guanajuato, located in the borderline between the states of Guanajuato and Michoacán in the region West-Center of Mexico.	Uriangato	Mexico
country	Etxebarri, Doneztebeko Elizatea (Spanish: Etxebarri, Anteiglesia de San Esteban) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Basque Community, in the North of Spain.	Etxebarri	Spain
country	Angoche District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique.	Angoche District	Mozambique
country	Indus Age is a monthly print magazine that provides news, information and entertainment to Indians and South Asians living in Australia.	Indus Age	Australia
country	Alemaya (also transliterated Alem Maya; Oromo: Haramaya) is a town in east-central Ethiopia.	Alemaya	Ethiopia
country	The Linnaean Garden or Linnaeus' Garden (Swedish: Linnéträdgården) is the oldest of the botanical gardens belonging to Uppsala University in Sweden.	Linnaean Garden	Sweden
country	Mentone Girls' Grammar School is an independent, Anglican day school for girls, located in Mentone, a bayside suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Mentone Girls' Grammar School	Australia
country	Varzob is a settlement in Varzob district, Region of Republican Subordination, Tajikistan, in central Asia.	Varzob	Tajikistan
country	Tarnowskie Góry (tarˈnɔfskɨɛ ˈɡɔɔrˈi) (German: Tarnowitz, established in 1526) - is an old, picturesque town in Silesia (southern Poland), located in the Silesian Highlands near Katowice.	Tarnowskie Góry	Poland
country	Sunnyvale Park is a multi-use sports venue in Dunedin, New Zealand.	Sunnyvale Park	New Zealand
country	Dubovsko (Cyrillic: Дубовско) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dubovsko	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Shokri Kola (Persian: شكري كلا‎, also Romanized as Shokrī Kolā) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shokri Kola	Iran
country	The Congress of Zacatecas is the legislature of Zacatecas, a state of Mexico.	Congress of Zacatecas	Mexico
country	Upper Bicutan National High School, commonly abbreviated as U.B.N.H.S is a secondary high school institution located at General Santos Avenue, Barangay Upper Bicutan, Taguig City in the Philippines.	Upper Bicutan National High School	Philippines
country	Szotowo (ʂɔˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szotowo	Poland
country	The first Seventh-day Adventist Church in Italy was built in Montaldo Bormida in 1925.	Montaldo Bormida	Italy
country	Velká Deštná (German: Deschneyer Großkoppe) is the highest mountain of the Central Sudetes and the Orlické Mountains, Czech Republic with 1,115 m.	Velká Deštná	Czech Republic
country	Sirkazhi ((ˈsiːrkaːɻiː)) is a municipal town in Nagapattinam district in Tamil Nadu, India.	Sirkazhi	India
country	Cas Ariba is a village on the island of Aruba.	Cas Ariba	Aruba
country	Białoławka is a river of Poland with a length of about 2 kilometers.	Białoławka	Poland
country	Marthadu is a village in India (in Garladinne mandal, Anantapur District) located 21 kilometres from Anantapur town.	Marthadu	India
country	Kabulistan (Pashto/Persian: کابلستان‎‎) is a historical regional name referring to the territory that is centered on present-day Kabul Province of Afghanistan.	Kabulistan	Afghanistan
country	The Biu Emirate is a traditional state based in Biu in Borno State, Nigeria.	Biu Emirate	Nigeria
country	Villa Rivero Municipality or Muela Municipality is the second municipal section of the Punata Province in the Cochabamba Department in Bolivia.	Villa Rivero Municipality	Bolivia
country	Padua (/ˈpædju.ə/ or US /ˈpædʒu.ə/, Italian: Padova (ˈpaːdova)) is a city and comune in Veneto, northern Italy.	Padua	Italy
country	Geologically, the Baffin Mountains form the eastern edge of the Canadian Shield, which covers much of Canada's landscape.	Baffin Mountains	Canada
country	Veresvatnet or Veressjøen is a lake in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Veresvatnet	Norway
country	Gambat railway station (Urdu: گمبٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Gambat town, Khairpur District of Sindh province of the Pakistan.	Gambat railway station	Pakistan
country	Das Buddhistische Haus (engl.: the Berlin Buddhist Vihara, literally the Buddhist house) is a Theravada Buddhist temple complex (Vihara) in Frohnau, Berlin, Germany.	Das Buddhistische Haus	Germany
country	Rungata, or Rungataa, is a settlement on Nikunau Island in Kiribati.	Rungata	Kiribati
country	Chûn Castle is a large Iron Age hillfort (ringfort) near Penzance in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Chûn Castle	United Kingdom
country	Gaul (Latin: Gallia) was a region of Western Europe during the Iron Age that was inhabited by Celtic tribes, encompassing present day France, Luxembourg, Belgium, most of Switzerland, parts of Northern Italy, as well as the parts of the Netherlands and Germany on the west bank of the Rhine.	Gaul	France
country	As a result, tourist promotional material claims the Heidelsburg to be the ``oldest forestry office in Germany''.	Heidelsburg	Germany
country	Kosan Station (Chosŏn'gŭl: 고산역) is a railway station in Kosan-ŭp, Kosan county, Kangwŏn province, North Korea, on the Kangwŏn Line of the Korean State Railway.	Kosan Station	North Korea
country	Amojjar Pass is a canyon located in the region of Amojjar in the centre of Adrar, near Atar, Mauritania.	Amojjar Pass	Mauritania
country	The San Giacomo Pass (Italian: Passo San Giacomo) is an Alpine pass connecting Switzerland and Italy.	San Giacomo Pass	Switzerland
country	Bargteheide is a town in the district of Stormarn, Schleswig-Holstein state, Germany.	Bargteheide	Germany
country	Elite Residence is a supertall skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates in the Dubai Marina district, overlooking one of the manmade palm islands, Palm Jumeirah.	Elite Residence	United Arab Emirates
country	The Priory of Santa Maria del Vilar at Villelongue-dels-Monts in the department of the Pyrénées-Orientales, France, houses the Romanian Orthodox Monastery of the Dormition of the Mother of God.	Priory of Santa Maria del Vilar	France
country	Zgornja Ložnica (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja lɔˈʒniːtsa)) is a village in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Zgornja Ložnica	Slovenia
country	Lauterecken-Wolfstein is a Verbandsgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the district of Kusel, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Lauterecken-Wolfstein	Germany
country	The Boguchany Dam (Russian: Богучанская ГЭС) is a large hydroelectric dam on the Angara River in Kodinsk, Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Boguchany Dam	Russia
country	Sangat Island is a tiny island in the Philippines situated 2 km off the coast of Busuanga close to Barangay Bintuan, Coron in the northern part of the Calamian Islands in the province of Palawan, the Philippines Western-most islands.	Sangat Island	Philippines
country	The Regensburg Museum of Danube Shipping (Donau-Schiffahrts-Museum Regensburg) is a maritime museum of river shipping on the river Danube and other rivers, sited in the town of Regensburg in Germany.	Regensburg Museum of Danube Shipping	Germany
country	Sivananda Colony is a neighborhood and suburb in Coimbatore, India.	Sivananda Colony	India
country	Lubaantun (pronounced /lubaːnˈtun/; also Lubaantún in Spanish orthography) is a pre-Columbian ruined city of the Maya civilization in southern Belize, Central America.	Lubaantun	Belize
country	Andritsaina (Greek: Ανδρίτσαινα) is a town and a former municipality in Elis, West Greece, Greece.	Andritsaina	Greece
country	Jazne (pronounced (ˈjaːznɛ)) is a settlement in the hills above the Idrijca Valley in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Jazne	Slovenia
country	Legnica Airport in Poland serves the town of Legnica (106,000 inhabitants, 500,000 nearby Okręg Miedziowy/ Copper Basin conurbation of Legnica, Głogów, Lubin and Polkowice).	Legnica Airport	Poland
country	The Sibun River is a river in Belize which drains a large central portion of the country.	Sibun River	Belize
country	Usqullu Ananta (Quechua usqullu Andean mountain cat, also spelled Osjollo Anante) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru near a lake of the same name.	Usqullu Ananta	Peru
country	The Anillo Periférico (Spanish for peripheral ring) is the name given to the outer beltway of Mexico City.	Anillo Periférico	Mexico
country	The Oratorio della Nunziatella is a 15th-century Renaissance oratory in Foligno, Italy.	Oratorio della Nunziatella	Italy
country	Juan Griego is a city on the northern side of Isla Margarita, and is the most northern port in Venezuela.	Juan Griego	Venezuela
country	With the reform of the league system in 2012, which saw the Regionalliga West reduced to clubs from North Rhine-Westphalia only and the NRW-Liga below it disbanded, the Oberliga Westfalen was reintroduced again as the highest tier in the region and the fifth level overall in Germany.	Oberliga Westfalen	Germany
country	Sarchehan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سرچهان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sarchehan Rural District	Iran
country	Khaseh Sara (Persian: خاصه سرا‎, also Romanized as Khāşeh Sarā) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khaseh Sara	Iran
country	Nautøy or Nautøya is an unpopulated island in Stord municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Nautøy	Norway
country	Tamasio (Greek: Ταμάσιο) is a former municipality in the Karditsa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Tamasio	Greece
country	Transtrand is a locality situated in Malung-Sälen Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with 386 inhabitants in 2010.	Transtrand	Sweden
country	Champan (Persian: چمپان‎, also Romanized as Champān; also known as Cham Bān) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Champan	Iran
country	Kohneh Lu (Persian: كهنه لو‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Lū and Kohnehlū; also known as Chakhnali) is a village in Sina Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Lu	Iran
country	Valentovce is a small village and municipality in the Medzilaborce District in the Prešov Region of far north-eastern Slovakia.	Valentovce	Slovakia
country	Etihad Airways (Arabic شركة الاتحاد للطيران sharikat alittiḥād liṭṭayarān) is a flag carrier and the second-largest airline of the United Arab Emirates (after Emirates).	Etihad Airways	United Arab Emirates
country	Yampi Sound is a part of the Indian Ocean off the coast of northwestern Australia, located between King Sound and Collier Bay.	Yampi Sound	Australia
country	Chaghcharan Airport (IATA: CCN, ICAO: OACC) is an airport serving the city of Chaghcharan in Ghor Province, Afghanistan.	Chaghcharan Airport	Afghanistan
country	Changi Creek Reservoir is a small service reservoir located to the north of Singapore Changi Airport in Singapore.	Changi Creek Reservoir	Singapore
country	St. Moritz Olympic Ice Rink (German: Eisstadion Badrutts Park) is an outdoor stadium in St. Moritz, Switzerland.	St. Moritz Olympic Ice Rink	Switzerland
country	Grefsen Church is a long church (Norwegian: langkirke) located in Grefsen, a neighborhood of Oslo, Norway.	Grefsen Church	Norway
country	The 2012 KNSB Dutch Super Sprint Championships in speed skating were held at the Ireen Wüst baan ice stadium in Tilburg, Netherlands at 18 February 2012.	2012 KNSB Dutch Super Sprint Championships	Netherlands
country	Oberalberting (also known as Alberting) is a populated place in Upper Austria, Austria.	Oberalberting	Austria
country	Allmänna BB (Allmänna barnbördshuset, ``General maternity hospital'', literally The general childbirth house) was a maternity hospital in Stockholm, Sweden.	Allmänna BB	Sweden
country	Åvik is a small seaport village in the municipality of Lindesnes, Norway.	Åvik	Norway
country	The Mackenzie Institute for the Study of Terrorism, Revolution and Propaganda is a think tank in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Mackenzie Institute	Canada
country	The Shipper's House in Bremen, Germany is an internationally known building in the oldest district of the Free Hanseatic city of Bremen.	Shipper's House in Bremen	Germany
country	Sidi Bennour (Arabic: سيّدي بنور ) is a city in Sidi Bennour Province, Casablanca-Settat, Morocco.	Sidi Bennour	Morocco
country	Gardelegen Stadt was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``municipal federation'') in the Altmarkkreis Salzwedel (district), in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Gardelegen Stadt	Germany
country	Lasteika (Greek: Λαστέικα, also: Λασταίικα Lastaiika) is a village and a community in the municipality of Pyrgos, Elis, Greece.	Lasteika	Greece
country	Stockton-on-Tees has an oceanic climate typical for the United Kingdom.	Stockton-on-Tees	United Kingdom
country	Sibculo Abbey (Dutch: Klooster Sibculo), also called Groot Galilea (Galilea Major), was a Cistercian abbey founded in 1403 by followers of the Modern Devotion movement and dissolved in 1579 during the Protestant Reformation of the Netherlands.	Sibculo Abbey	Netherlands
country	Rugāji parish (Latvian: Rugāju pagasts; Latgalian: Ruguoju pogosts) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District, Latvia.	Rugāji parish	Latvia
country	Chalkmuli High School is a public educational institution based in Naogaon District, Bangladesh.	Chalkmuli High School	Bangladesh
country	Borzęcice (bɔʐɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Borzęcice	Poland
country	Murawskie-Czachy (muˈrafskʲɛ ˈt͡ʂaxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Murawskie-Czachy	Poland
country	Wagan City (Sindhi: وڳڻ شھر‎) is a beautiful city of Larkana District in Sindh and home town of Nadeem Imdad Ali Wagan renowned Civil Society Activist of Pakistan.	Wagan City	Pakistan
country	Atløy or Atløyna is an island in Askvoll Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Atløy	Norway
country	The Tal-Mintna Catacombs are a hypogea complex in Mqabba, Malta.	Tal-Mintna Catacombs	Malta
country	Oxud (also, Oxut and Okhut) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Oxud	Azerbaijan
country	Lauenau is a small town in Lower Saxony, Germany, with about 4,200 inhabitants.	Lauenau	Germany
country	Glåmos Church (Norwegian: Glåmos kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Glåmos Church	Norway
country	Camacuri is a village on the island of Aruba, located towards along the western coast of the island.	Camacuri	Aruba
country	The Tengawai River (more correctly Te Ngawai) flows through south Canterbury, in New Zealand's South Island.	Tengawai River	New Zealand
country	Sněžka or Śnieżka (in Czech and Polish, Schneekoppe in German) is a mountain on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland, the most prominent point of the Silesian Ridge in the Krkonoše mountains.	Sněžka	Czech Republic	Poland
country	Kepulauan Togean National Park is a largely marine national park, including the Togian Islands, near Sulawesi island of Indonesia.	Kepulauan Togean National Park	Indonesia
country	Canadian Unitarian Council (French: Conseil unitarian du Canada) (CUC) formed on May 14, 1961 to be the national organization for Canadians who belong to the Unitarian Universalist Association (UUA) (the UUA formed a day later, on May 15, 1961).	Canadian Unitarian Council	Canada
country	Jinnaychintha (hamlet of Thanedarpally) is a village in Gurrampode mandal in Nalgonda district, in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Jinnaychintha	India
country	General Inspector of the Armed Forces (Polish: Generalny Inspektor Sił Zbrojnych; GISZ) was an office created in Poland in 1926, after the May Coup.	General Inspector of the Armed Forces	Poland
country	The Sarazm Important Bird Area is a 43 km2 tract of land in south-western Sughd Province, in northwestern Tajikistan, not far from the border with Uzbekistan.	Sarazm Important Bird Area	Tajikistan
country	The Filefjell Kongevegen (English: The Kings Road) is the name of the old trail over Filefjell, the mountainous area between Lærdal/Borgund and Valdres in Norway.	Filefjell Kongevegen	Norway
country	Sujiatun District (simplified Chinese: 苏家屯区; traditional Chinese: 蘇家屯區; pinyin: Sūjiātún qū) is one of nine districts of Shenyang, the capital of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, and forms part of the southern suburbs.	Sujiatun District	People's Republic of China
country	The Institut de Recherche en Communications et Cybernétique de Nantes (IRCCyN, English : Research Institute in Communications and Cybernetic of Nantes) is a scientific institution linked to the CNRS in France.	Institut de Recherche en Communications et Cybernétique de Nantes	France
country	Panpoli is a village situated near Sengottai in Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Panpoli	India
country	Schloss Deutenhofen is a large house in Deutenhofen, a village in the municipality of Hebertshausen in Bavaria, Germany.	Schloss Deutenhofen	Germany
country	Wola Wodzyńska (ˈvɔla vɔˈd͡zɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Wodzyńska	Poland
country	Urvaste (Võro: Urvastõ) is a village in Urvaste Parish, Võru County, in southeastern Estonia.	Urvaste	Estonia
country	The 2011 Belgian Grand Prix, formally the 2011 Formula 1 Shell Belgian Grand Prix, was a Formula One motor race that was held on 28 August 2011, at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Spa, Belgium.	2011 Belgian Grand Prix	Belgium
country	Kumarimulla is a village close to Pugoda town western Sri Lanka.	Kumarimulla	Sri Lanka
country	Piéla is a town in the Piéla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso.	Piéla	Burkina Faso
country	Heglig or Panthou as it is known to the Dinka (also spelled Heglieg or Pandthou) is a small town at the border between the South Kordofan state of Sudan and the Unity State in South Sudan.	Heglig	Sudan
country	Chernokonevo (in Bulgarian ``Черноконево'') is a neighbourhood of Dimitrovgrad, Bulgaria.	Chernokonevo	Bulgaria
country	Romanzado is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Romanzado	Spain
country	Chrudim (Czech pronunciation: (ˈxruɟɪm)) is a city in eastern Bohemia, in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Chrudim	Czech Republic
country	Dobrzany (dɔˈbʐanɨ) (German: Jacobshagen; Kashubian: Jakùbòwò) is a town in Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Dobrzany	Poland
country	The Canadian Society of New York was founded in 1897 to foster a spirit of goodwill between Canada and the United States, and had over a century-long tradition in New York.	Canadian Society of New York	Canada
country	Laguna de Leche (Spanish for ``Milk Lagoon'', also called Laguna Grande de Morón) is the largest natural fresh water lake in Cuba.	Laguna de Leche	Cuba
country	Campolide was the site of a major battle on 5 September 1833, when the forces of Dom Miguel attacked those of Dom Pedro, as Pedro attempted to wrest back control of Portugal from his brother.	Campolide	Portugal
country	Moutier-Grandval Abbey was a Benedictine abbey near the villages of Moutier and Grandval in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Moutier-Grandval Abbey	Switzerland
country	Berufsoberschule is one of the hardest ways in whole Germany to get a permit to enter Fachhochschule or University	Berufsoberschule	Germany
country	Uíge (1955-75 Carmona) is a provincial capital city in northwestern Angola located in the province of the same name.	Uíge	Angola
country	Khvodrowgan (Persian: خودروگان‎, also Romanized as Khvodrowgān and Khowd Rowgān; also known as Khodrowgan and Khowd Row) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khvodrowgan	Iran
country	Drašča Vas (pronounced (ˈdɾaːʃtʃa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Drašča vas) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Drašča Vas	Slovenia
country	Siruseri is a south eastern suburb of Chennai, India in Kancheepuram district, Tamil Nadu, located around 25 km south of the city, along Old Mahabalipuram Road.	Siruseri	India
country	Ortnevik Church (Norwegian: Ortnevik kyrkje) is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Ortnevik Church	Norway
country	Valky (Ukrainian: Валки) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Valky	Ukraine
country	Payız (also, Paiz, Pais, and Payyz) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Payız	Azerbaijan
country	Pijava Gorica (pronounced (piˈjaːʋa ɡɔˈɾiːtsa); German: Piautzbüchel) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia.	Pijava Gorica	Slovenia
country	Apamea Myrlea (/ˌæpəˈmiːə mərˈliːə/; Ancient Greek: Απάμεια Μύρλεια) was an ancient city on the Sea of Marmara, in Bithynia, Anatolia; its ruins are a few kilometers south of Mudanya, Bursa Province in the Marmara Region of Turkey.	Apamea Myrlea	Turkey
country	Malo Crniće (Serbian Cyrillic: Мало Црниће) is a village and municipality located in the Braničevo District of Serbia.	Malo Crniće	Serbia
country	Vermilion Bay Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CKH6), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) northwest of Vermilion Bay, Ontario, Canada.	Vermilion Bay Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Ruská Voľa (Hungarian: Kisszabados; Ukrainian: Руська Воля, Rus’ka Volia) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Ruská Voľa	Slovakia
country	The Puna de Atacama or Atacama Plateau is an arid high plateau, in the Andes of northern Chile (15%) and Argentina (85%).	Puna de Atacama	Chile	Argentina
country	Dziadkowskie (d͡ʑatˈkɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dziadkowskie	Poland
country	The Taksim Military Barracks or Halil Pasha Artillery Barracks (Turkish: Taksim Kışlası or Halil Paşa Topçu Kışlası) were located at the site of the present-day Taksim Gezi Park next to Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey.	Taksim Military Barracks	Turkey
country	Masjid Al-Abrar (Malay for Al-Abrar Mosque; Chinese: 阿尔阿布拉回教堂) is one of the earliest mosques in Singapore, and is located along Telok Ayer Street in the Chinatown district within the Central Area, Singapore's central business district.	Masjid Al-Abrar	Singapore
country	Varvarin (Serbian Cyrillic: Варварин, pronounced (ʋarʋǎriːn)) is a small town and municipality in the Šumadija region of central Serbia.	Varvarin	Serbia
country	Graves de Vayres is an Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC) for red and white wines in the Bordeaux wine region of France.	Graves de Vayres	France
country	Salem Khan is a village located in the Chhachh Valley, Pakistan, close to the Indus river.	Salem Khan	Pakistan
country	Temotuloto is an islet of Nukufetau, Tuvalu to the east of Fale islet.	Temotuloto	Tuvalu
country	Valchi Dol (Bulgarian: Вълчи дол (ˈvəltʃi ˈdɔl); also transliterated Vǎlči Dol) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Varna Province.	Valchi Dol	Bulgaria
country	Holmenkollen National Arena (Norwegian: Holmenkollen nasjonalanlegg) is a Nordic skiing and biathlon venue located at Holmenkollen in Oslo, Norway.	Holmenkollen National Arena	Norway
country	Saudehornet is a mountain that is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of the village of Ørsta in the municipality of Ørsta in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Saudehornet	Norway
country	The Lichi Formation (Chinese: 利吉層; pinyin: Lìjí Céng) is a palaeontological formation located in Taiwan.	Lichi Formation	Taiwan
country	Keelavalavu (also known as Kilavalavu and Kizhavalavu) is a village in Madurai district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Keelavalavu	India
country	Farfahan (Persian: فرفهان‎‎, also Romanized as Farfahān) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Farfahan	Iran
country	Oskarshamn Airport (Swedish: Oskarshamns flygplats) was an airport in Oskarshamn, Sweden (IATA: OSK, ICAO: ESMO).	Oskarshamn Airport	Sweden
country	The Funtenseetauern is a 2,579 m high border peak between Germany and Austria on the northern edge of the Steinernes Meer, one of the nine massifs of the Berchtesgaden Alps.	Funtenseetauern	Germany
country	Ovidio Lagos Avenue (in Spanish, Avenida Ovidio Lagos) is a street in Rosario, Santa Fe Province, Argentina.	Ovidio Lagos Avenue	Argentina
country	Pessinus (Greek: Πεσσινούς or Πισσινούς) was a city in Asia Minor, a geographical area corresponding today to modern Turkey on the upper course of the river Sangarios (Sakarya River), from which the mythological King Midas (738-696 BC?) is said to have ruled a greater Phrygian realm.	Pessinus	Turkey
country	Berekum is a town and is the capital of Berekum Municipal in the Brong Ahafo Region of South Ghana.	Berekum	Ghana
country	Greek National Road 74 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 74, abbreviated as EO74) is a single carriageway road in southern Greece.	Greek National Road 74	Greece
country	Torpaqkörpü (also, Torpaq körpü, Toprakh-Kerpi, Torpakerki, Torpakerpi, and Torpakhkërpyu) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Torpaqkörpü	Azerbaijan
country	The Höch Gumme (2,205 m) is a mountain of the Emmental Alps in Switzerland.	Höch Gumme	Switzerland
country	The Danish Police Museum is dedicated to the history of law enforcement in Denmark.	Danish Police Museum	Denmark
country	Jannusan (Arabic: جنوسان) is a village in Bahrain, near Sar.	Jannusan	Bahrain
country	The Opéra de Dijon is an opera company and arts organization in Dijon, France.	Opéra de Dijon	France
country	The Port du Louvre is a walkway running along the River Seine (on the ``right bank'') immediately to the south of the Louvre in Paris, France.	Port du Louvre	France
country	Heritage King, formerly the King Local Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee, is a conservation committee in King Township, Ontario, Canada.	Heritage King	Canada
country	The York Catholic District School Board (YCDSB, known as English-language Separate District School Board No. 42 prior to 1999) is the English-language public-separate school district authority for the Regional Municipality of York in Ontario, Canada.	York Catholic District School Board	Canada
country	Golur-e Bala (Persian: گلوربالا‎, also Romanized as Golūr-e Bālā; also known as Golūr) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Golur-e Bala	Iran
country	Convento de la Magdalena was a convent, now a hotel, situated to the southwest of the town of Antequera, Province of Málaga, Spain.	Convento de la Magdalena	Spain
country	Chatswood Public School is a primary and public school that was founded in 1883, located in the suburb of Chatswood in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Chatswood Public School	Australia
country	The Holmby Runestone, listed as DR 328 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone with an image of a ship that is located in Holmby, which is about 2 kilometers southeast of Flyinge, Scania, Sweden.	Holmby Runestone	Sweden
country	Caliraya Dam is an embankment dam located in the town of Lumban province of Laguna, in the Sierra Madre Mountain Range of the Philippines.	Caliraya Dam	Philippines
country	Hadsund Huse (English Hadsund Houses) an neighborhood of Hadsund, Denmark.	Hadsund Huse	Denmark
country	Bani Salimi is a tribal area in Ras al-Khaimah, which is one of the Persian Gulf Arab sheikhdoms forming the United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Bani Salimi	United Arab Emirates
country	Ublik (ˈublik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ublik	Poland
country	The Alaksen National Wildlife Area is located on Westham Island in the Corporation of Delta, in the province of British Columbia, Canada.	Alaksen National Wildlife Area	Canada
country	Hafnarfjordur Free Church (Icelandic: Fríkirkjan í Hafnarfirði) is a church in the Free Lutheran congregation of Iceland, located in Hafnarfjordur.	Hafnarfjordur Free Church	Iceland
country	Preljubje (Macedonian: Прељубје) is a village northeast of Lake Prespa in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia.	Preljubje	Macedonia
country	Qeshlaq-e Azat (Persian: قشلاق عزت‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e ʿAzat) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Azat	Iran
country	Sithobela is a town in southern central Swaziland about 160 kilometres directly south of the capital Mbabane.	Sithobela	Swaziland
country	Grinshill is a small village, and civil parish in Shropshire, England, United Kingdom.	Grinshill	United Kingdom
country	The Red Seal Interprovincial Standards Program, also known as Red Seal or simply IP, is a set of trade qualifications in Canada, jointly administered by the Federal, Provincial and Territorial governments.	Interprovincial Standards	Canada
country	Vejlby is a north-eastern neighbourhood of Aarhus in Denmark.	Vejlby	Denmark
country	Bankawan Island (Pulau Bankawan) is an island located on Kudat district in Sabah, Malaysia.	Bankawan Island	Malaysia
country	Publishing and Broadcasting Limited (PBL) was one of Australia's largest companies, with interests primarily in media and gaming.	Publishing and Broadcasting Limited	Australia
country	Ermionida (Greek: Ερμιονίδα) is a municipality in the Argolis regional unit, Peloponnese, Greece.	Ermionida	Greece
country	Kibiro is a small fishing village in Uganda that lies on the south-eastern shore of Lake Albert.	Kibiro	Uganda
country	Myślachowice (mɨɕlaxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia, within Chrzanów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Myślachowice	Poland
country	Gurvan-e Bozorg (Persian: گوروان بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Gūrvān-e Bozorg; also known as Gūzvān-e Bozorg) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gurvan-e Bozorg	Iran
country	Melli is one of the few towns in India that lies in two different states.	Melli	India
country	The Serres Ecclesiastical Museum occupies the second floor of the Diocesan Headquarters in the town of Serres in northern Greece.	Serres Ecclesiastical Museum	Greece
country	Pieńki-Strzyże (ˈpjɛɲki ˈstʂɨʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pieńki-Strzyże	Poland
country	Conspiracy against rights is a federal offense in the United States of America under 18 U.S.C. § 241:	Conspiracy against rights	United States of America
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Delaware is one of 108 dioceses making up the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	Episcopal Diocese of Delaware	United States of America
country	Daffodil International University (Bengali: ড্যাফোডিল আন্তর্জাতিক বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়)) (DIU), is a co-educational private university located in Dhanmondi, Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Daffodil International University	Bangladesh
country	Hoghilag (German: Halvelagen; Hungarian: Holdvilág) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania.	Hoghilag	Romania
country	Mamiña is a small village located 130 kilometres (81 mi) east from Iquique at 2800 metres (9.340 ft.) above sea level in the foothills of Los Andes Mountain range in northern Chile.	Mamiña	Chile
country	The Beinan River (Chinese: 卑南溪; pinyin: Bēinán Xī; Wade--Giles: Pei1-nan2 Hsi1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Pi-lâm-khe) is a river in Taiwan.	Beinan River	Taiwan
country	Sakule (Serbian Cyrillic: Сакуле) is a village in Serbia.	Sakule	Serbia
country	St Keyne (Cornish: Sen Keyn) is a civil parish and village in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Keyne	United Kingdom
country	Carlow Vocational School is a second-level educational establishment in Carlow, Ireland.	Carlow Vocational School	Ireland
country	Fordo or Fordow (Persian: فردو‎‎, Persian pronunciation: (foɾˈdoʊ), (foɾˈdo)) is a village in Fordo Rural District, Kahak District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Fordo	Iran
country	Tavros (Greek: Ταύρος, which means ``bull''), is a suburb in the southwestern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Tavros	Greece
country	Vigie Beach is located 2 km north of Castries, Saint Lucia, running parallel and immediately adjacent to the George F. L. Charles Airport.	Vigie Beach	Saint Lucia
country	Al-Jirwah is a village in west-central Yemen.	Al-Jirwah	Yemen
country	Aqcheh Gonbad (Persian: اقچه گنبد‎, also Romanized as Āqcheh Gonbad; also known as Āghcheh Gonbad, Aghcheh Gonbad, Āqcheh Kand, Āqjakūmbez, Āq Jāqumbez, and Āqjeh Gonbad) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Aqcheh Gonbad	Iran
country	Tougué is a town located in central Guinea.	Tougué	Guinea
country	Gargalianoi (Greek: Γαργαλιάνοι) is a town and a former municipality in Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Gargalianoi	Greece
country	Kallady Bridge (Tamil: கல்லடிப் பாலம்; also known as the Lady Manning Bridge) is a road bridge in eastern Sri Lanka.	Kallady Bridge	Sri Lanka
country	Cerro Marahuaca, also spelled Marahuaka, is a tepui in Amazonas state, Venezuela.	Cerro Marahuaca	Venezuela
country	Tel Aviv Pride (Hebrew: גאווה תל אביבית) is an annual, week-long series of events in Tel Aviv that celebrate Israel's LGBT community life, scheduled during the second week of June, as part of the international observance of Gay Pride Month.	Tel Aviv Pride	Israel
country	Teenuse (German: Stenhusen) is a village in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia.	Teenuse	Estonia
country	Skeikampen is a mountain that is located in central southern Norway in Gausdal.	Skeikampen	Norway
country	J. N. Petit Technical High School is one of the oldest schools in Pune, Maharashtra, India.	J. N. Petit Technical High School	India
country	Dawson Creek is a city in northeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Dawson Creek	Canada
country	Aarhus C is a postal district in the city of Aarhus, Denmark, consisting of Midtbyen, Vesterbro, University of Aarhus, Frederiksbjerg and the Docklands, with postal code 8000.	Aarhus C	Denmark
country	Dellen is a lake system in the province of Hälsingland, Sweden.	Dellen	Sweden
country	The Kut Barrage is a barrage on the Tigris river, located in the modern town of Kut in Wasit Governorate, Iraq.	Kut Barrage	Iraq
country	Prešna Loka (pronounced (ˈpɾeːʃna ˈloːka)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Sevnica in the historical region of Styria in east-central Slovenia.	Prešna Loka	Slovenia
country	Les Tourailles is a commune in the Orne département and the region of Basse-Normandie in north-western France.	Les Tourailles	France
country	Moon Ska World, formerly known as Moon Ska Europe, is a ska record label based in the United Kingdom.	Moon Ska World	United Kingdom
country	Argentina Park (Slovene: Argentinski park) is the name of a park in the center of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Argentina Park	Slovenia
country	Zborowo (zbɔˈrɔvɔ) (German: Weidengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zborowo	Poland
country	Šentvid pri Zavodnju (pronounced (sɛnˈtʋiːt pɾi ˈzaːʋɔdnju) or (sənˈtʋiːt pɾi ˈzaːʋɔdnju)) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šoštanj in northern Slovenia.	Šentvid pri Zavodnju	Slovenia
country	A General National Vocational Qualifications, or GNVQ, was a certificate of vocational education in the United Kingdom.	General National Vocational Qualification	United Kingdom
country	The Estadio Luis Franzini (or Luis Franzini Stadium) is an outdoor football stadium located in Montevideo, Uruguay.	Estadio Luis Franzini	Uruguay
country	Klistervatnet (Russian: Клистерватн) is a lake that lies on the border between Norway and Russia.	Klistervatnet	Norway	Russia
country	Ménaka Airport (ICAO: GAMK) is an airport serving Ménaka, a town and commune in the Ménaka Cercle in the Gao Region of Mali.	Ménaka Airport	Mali
country	Taheriyeh (Persian: طاهريه‎, also Romanized as Tāherīyeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taheriyeh	Iran
country	Kani Ganji (Persian: كاني گنجي‎, also Romanized as Kānī Ganjī; also known as Ganjī, Kān Ganjī, and Kānī Ganjeh) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Ganji	Iran
country	The Skopje Fortress (Macedonian: Скопско Кале, transliterated Skopsko Kale), commonly referred to as Kale Fortress, or simply Kale (from kale, the Turkish word for 'fortress'), is a historic fortress located in the old town of Skopje, the capital of the Republic of Macedonia.	Skopje Fortress	Macedonia
country	Weyher in der Pfalz is a municipality in Südliche Weinstraße district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany with a stable population of around 500, populated for over 1200 years, in the foothills of a chestnut tree forest, overlooking the Rhine valley.	Weyher in der Pfalz	Germany
country	Wat Doi Mae Pang (Thai: วัดดอยแม่ปั๋ง) is a Buddhist temple in Phrao district, Chiang Mai Province, northern Thailand.	Wat Doi Mae Pang	Thailand
country	Äcem Mosque (Tatar Cyrillic and Latin respectively: Әҗем мәчете or Äcem mäçete, pronounced (æˈʑem)); (Russian: Ази́мовская мече́ть, Azimovskaya mechet) is a prominent cathedral mosque in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia.	Äcem Mosque	Russia
country	The Dr. B. R. Ambedkar National Institute of Technology Jalandhar, popularly known as NIT Jalandhar (NITJ), is a public engineering institute located in Jalandhar, Punjab, India.	Dr. B. R. Ambedkar National Institute of Technology Jalandhar	India
country	As of 2011 Karwei has 128 stores, all of which are located in the Netherlands.	Karwei	Netherlands
country	Szlak Batorego (Trail of Báthory) is a manmade waterway in Poland first developed during the reign of Stephen Báthory in the 1600s.	Szlak Batorego	Poland
country	Shumehri (Persian: شومهري‎, also Romanized as Shūmehrī; also known as Shūmedrī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shumehri	Iran
country	The Wanjia Reeducation Through Labor Camp is a re-education through labor camp in the People's Republic of China in Heilongjiang province, Daoli District, Harbin City.	Wanjia Reeducation Through Labor Camp	People's Republic of China
country	Juodupė (literally: black river) is a small town in Rokiškis district municipality, Lithuania.	Juodupė	Lithuania
country	Malyn (Ukrainian: Малин, Malyn) (sometimes spelled Malin) is a city in Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of Ukraine located about 65 miles (100 km) northwest of Kiev.	Malyn	Ukraine
country	Quern (Danish: Kværn) is a former municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Quern	Germany
country	Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in the central part of Costa Rica, near the Arenal Volcano and covering the Cordillera de Tilarán.	Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area	Costa Rica
country	Mount Giona (Greek: Γκιώνα, also transliterated as Gkiona, pronounced (ˈɟona)) is a mountain in Phocis, Central Greece.	Mount Giona	Greece
country	Malangali, Mufindi is an administrative ward in the Mufindi District of the Iringa Region of Tanzania, East Africa.	Malangali, Mufindi	Tanzania
country	Son Beel (Shon Bill) is one of the largest lakes in southern Assam in India.	Son Beel	India
country	The Soni Falls is a waterfall in the Usambara Mountains of northeastern Tanzania, near the village of Soni, to the northeast of Kitunda.	Soni Falls	Tanzania
country	In June 2013, Castle Mill was one of six buildings nominated for the 2013 Carbuncle Cup, an annual award by Building Design for ``the ugliest building in the United Kingdom completed in the last 12 months.	Castle Mill	United Kingdom
country	Zaki Alamdari (Persian: ذكي علمداري‎, also Romanized as Ẕaḵī ʿAlmdārī) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Zaki Alamdari	Iran
country	Markapukyu (Quechua marka village / storey, pukyu spring of water, hispanicized spelling Marcapuquio) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Markapukyu	Peru
country	Mowtowr-e Dad Mohammad Rahbar (Persian: موتوردادمحمدرهبر‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Dād Moḩammad Rahbar) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Dad Mohammad Rahbar	Iran
country	Bastak (Persian: بستک‎‎; also known as Bustak) is a city in and the capital of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bastak	Iran
country	Niederwallmenach is a village in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.	Niederwallmenach	Germany
country	Hohentwiel is an extinct volcano in the Hegau region of Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany The mountain lies to the west of the city of Singen and 20 miles (30 km) from Lake Constance.	Hohentwiel	Germany
country	Monkey Bay or Lusumbwe is a town in Mangochi which is in the Mangochi District in the Southern Region of Malawi.	Monkey Bay	Malawi
country	Locquénolé (Breton: Lokenole) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Locquénolé	France
country	La Campa sits in a deep river valley near Montaña Celaque (aka Cerro Las Minas), the tallest mountain in Honduras.	La Campa	Honduras
country	Ślądkowice (ɕlɔntkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ślądkowice	Poland
country	Goose Village (French: ``Village-aux-Oies'') was a neighbourhood in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Goose Village	Canada
country	Creighton Mine is an underground nickel mine, owned and operated by Vale (formerly known as INCO) in the city of Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.	Creighton Mine	Canada
country	Shahu-ye Garatin (Persian: شهوگرتين‎, also Romanized as Shāhū-ye Garatīn) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahu-ye Garatin	Iran
country	Lorugumu is an African settlement in Kenya's Rift Valley Province.	Lorugumu	Kenya
country	Biesówko (bjɛˈsufkɔ) (German: Klein Bössau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biesówko	Poland
country	Menabe is a region in western Madagascar, with its capital at Morondava.	Menabe	Madagascar
country	Espoonlahti (Finnish) or Esboviken (Swedish) (literally The Bay of Espoo or Espoo Bay) is one of the five major urban areas of Espoo, a city in Finland.	Espoonlahti	Finland
country	Nadik (Persian: نديك‎, also Romanized as Nadīk; also known as Nadbak) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nadik	Iran
country	The Siilinjärvi mine is a large open-pit mine located in the Eastern Finland Province.	Siilinjärvi mine	Finland
country	XEGNK-AM (branded as Radio Mexicana) is a Mexican Regional Music format AM radio station that serves the Laredo, Texas, USA and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico border area.	XEGNK-AM	Mexico
country	The Little Llangothlin Nature Reserve is a protected wetland nature reserve that is located on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Little Llangothlin Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Tal Alwad (also Tel al-Ward and Girdi Gulan) is a town in Iraq southwest of Kirkuk in Iraqi Kurdistan.	Tal Alwad	Iraq
country	Phuntshothang Gewog (Dzongkha: ཕུན་ཚོགས་ཐང་) is a gewog (village block) of Samdrup Jongkhar District, Bhutan.	Phuntshothang Gewog	Bhutan
country	The National Oceanography Centre (NOC) is a marine science research and technology institution based on two sites in Southampton and Liverpool, United Kingdom.	National Oceanography Centre	United Kingdom
country	Solnice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈsolɲɪtsɛ); German: Solnitz) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Solnice	Czech Republic
country	The Borborema Plateau (Portuguese Planalto da Borborema, also known as the Serra da Borborema) is a plateau in northeastern Brazil which extends across the states of Pernambuco, Paraíba, and Rio Grande do Norte.	Borborema Plateau	Brazil
country	Misa Urqu (Quechua misa table, urqu mountain, literally ``table mountain'', hispanicized spelling Mesaorjo) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,400 m (14,436 ft) high.	Misa Urqu	Peru
country	McWhirters is a shopping centre and apartment building in Fortitude Valley an inner city suburb of Brisbane, Australia.	McWhirters	Australia
country	Pialeia (Greek: Πιαλεία) is a village and a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Pialeia	Greece
country	Bougouni Airport (ICAO: GABG ) is an airstrip serving Bougouni in Mali.	Bougouni Airport	Mali
country	Elisenberg Station (Norwegian: Elisenberg stasjon) is an unfinished railway station within the Oslo Tunnel on the Drammen Line in Oslo, Norway.	Elisenberg Station	Norway
country	Sighișoara (Romanian pronunciation: (siɡiˈʃo̯ara); German: Schäßburg, pronounced (ˈʃɛsbʊɐ̯k); Hungarian: Segesvár, pronounced (ˈʃɛɡɛʃvaːr); Latin: Castrum Sex) is a city on the Târnava Mare River in Mureș County, Romania.	Sighișoara	Romania
country	Saraakallio rock paintings (Finnish: Saraakallion kalliomaalaukset) are situated in Central Finland.	Saraakallio rock paintings	Finland
country	Ballyragget (Irish: Béal Átha Ragad meaning Mouth of Ragget's Ford) is a small town in County Kilkenny in Ireland.	Ballyragget	Ireland
country	Züm (pronounced Zoom, IPA: /zuːm/) is a bus rapid transit system for the suburban city of Brampton, Ontario, Canada, northwest of Toronto owned and operated by Brampton Transit.	Züm	Canada
country	Valle Maggia (Maggia Valley) is an alpine valley of the Maggia River in Ticino, the Italian canton of Switzerland.	Valle Maggia	Switzerland
country	Bagyrtugay (also, Bagir-Tugay) is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bagyrtugay	Azerbaijan
country	The Wilhelm-Ernst-Gymnasium is a secondary school on Herderplatz 14 in Weimar, Germany.	Wilhelm-Ernst-Gymnasium	Germany
country	Debre Abbay is a monastery of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church located at the edge of the canyon of the Tekezé River in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Debre Abbay	Ethiopia
country	Yar Mohammad Bazar (Persian: يارمحمدبازار‎, also Romanized as Yār Moḩammad Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Yar Mohammad Bazar	Iran
country	Salzburg Hauptbahnhof (German for Salzburg main station; abbreviated Salzburg Hbf and occasionally translated as Central Station) is the main railway station in Salzburg, capital of the federal state of Salzburg in Austria.	Salzburg Hauptbahnhof	Austria
country	Taskesken (Таскескен, تاسكەسكەن) is a small town located in south-east Kazakhstan in Almaty Region.	Taskesken	Kazakhstan
country	The Huichon University of Telecommunications is located in Huichon, Chagang, North Korea, founded on September 1, 1959.	Huichon University of Telecommunications	North Korea
country	The Nizhnekamsk Hydroelectric Station (Russian: Нижнекамская ГЭС), also known as Lower Kama, is a dam and hydroelectric power station on the lower Kama River near Naberezhnye Chelny in Tatarstan, Russia.	Nizhnekamsk Hydroelectric Station	Russia
country	Sungai Pakning is the central city of Bukit Batu, Bengkalis, Indonesia.	Sungai Pakning	Indonesia
country	Lyudao Airport (Chinese: 綠島機場; pinyin: Lǜdǎo Jīchǎng) (IATA: GNI, ICAO: RCGI) is an airport serving Lyudao (Green Island), in Taitung County, Taiwan, Republic of China.	Lyudao Airport	Taiwan
country	The National Transitional Council of Libya (Arabic: المجلس الوطني الإنتقالي‎ al-majlis al-waṭanī al-intiqālī ), sometimes known as the Transitional National Council, was the de facto government of Libya for a period during and after the Libyan Civil War, in which rebel forces overthrew the regime of Muammar Gaddafi.	National Transitional Council	Libya
country	Gaz-e Kheng (Persian: گزخنگ‎, also Romanized as Gaz-e Khong; also known as Bīd-e Sūkhteh) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gaz-e Kheng	Iran
country	Velanai Island(Tamil: வேலணை), also known as Leiden in Dutch, is a small island off the coast of Jaffna Peninsula in the North of Sri Lanka.	Velanai Island	Sri Lanka
country	Barnoldswick is one of the longest place names in the United Kingdom without repeating any letters.	Barnoldswick	United Kingdom
country	Copenhagen Central Station (Danish: Københavns Hovedbanegård, abbreviated København H) is the main railway station in Copenhagen, Denmark and the largest railway station in Denmark, although Nørreport Station has a larger passenger throughput if urban S-train and Metro services are included.	Copenhagen Central Station	Denmark
country	Kunsthalle Helsinki (Finnish: Helsingin Taidehalli, Swedish: Helsingfors Konsthall) is an art exhibition venue in the Etu-Töölö district of Helsinki, Finland.	Kunsthalle Helsinki	Finland
country	Agia Triada Monastery or the Monastery of Agia Triada Tsangarolon is a Greek Orthodox monastery in the Akrotiri peninsula in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Agia Triada Monastery	Greece
country	Bonga is a town and separate woreda in south-western Ethiopia.	Bonga	Ethiopia
country	Gan International Airport (IATA: GAN, ICAO: VRMG) is located on the island of Gan in Addu Atoll (previously known as Seenu Atoll) in the Maldives.	Gan International Airport	Maldives
country	Kowalewek (kɔvaˈlɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kowalewek	Poland
country	Augustówek (auɡusˈtuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Augustówek	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Gowdi (Persian: مزرعه گودي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Gowdī) is a village in Jabal Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Gowdi	Iran
country	The Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft (SWEG), in English language Southwest German Transport Company, from its former name, Südwestdeutsche Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft (SEG), is a transport company in southwest Germany that operates railway lines and bus services.	Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft	Germany
country	Emory Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the west side of the Fraser River just south of the town of Yale.	Emory Creek Provincial Park	Canada
country	Orbe District was a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Orbe District	Switzerland
country	Darenan (Persian: دارنان‎, also Romanized as Dārenān; also known as Dārenā) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Darenan	Iran
country	Trois-Rivières Airport (IATA: YRQ, ICAO: CYRQ) is located near the city of Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada.	Trois-Rivières Airport	Canada
country	Pas Bijar Gafsheh (Persian: پس بيجارگفشه‎, also Romanized as Pas Bījār Gafsheh) is a village in Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pas Bijar Gafsheh	Iran
country	Dosrius is a municipality in the comarca of Maresme in Catalonia, Spain, located in the interior of the comarca on the border with the Eastern Valleys, and is at the head of the Argentona Riera.	Dosrius	Spain
country	Robina Stadium hosted 2 matches in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, which was held in Australia.	Robina Stadium	Australia
country	Podstrana (Italian: Postrana) is a municipality and settlement in Croatia in the Split-Dalmatia County.	Podstrana	Croatia
country	Dhivër (Δίβρη) (in Albanian, in Greek: Δίβρη - Divri) is a Greek village and a former municipality in the Vlorë County, southern Albania.	Dhivër	Albania
country	The West Vancouver Police Department (WVPD) is the municipal police force for the district of West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	West Vancouver Police Department	Canada
country	The Technical University of Applied Sciences Wildau (Technische Hochschule Wildau - TH Wildau) is one of five universities of applied sciences in the federal state of Brandenburg, Germany.	Technical University of Applied Sciences Wildau	Germany
country	Balidat Ameur (Arabic: ﺑﻠﻴﺪة ﻋﺎﻣﺮ‎) (sometimes written Blidet Amor) is a town and commune in Ouargla Province, Algeria, located near the provincial capital of Ouargla.	Balidat Ameur	Algeria
country	Międzylesie (mʲɛnd͡zɨˈlɛɕɛ) (German: Mittelwalde) is a town in Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Międzylesie	Poland
country	Tarbiat Modares University (دانشگاه تربیت مدرس, lit. ``Professor Training University'') is an exclusively graduate university with its main campus in Tehran, Iran.	Tarbiat Modares University	Iran
country	GWN7 is an Australian television network owned by the Prime Media Group serving all of Western Australia outside of metropolitan Perth.	GWN7	Australia
country	Dhirapatana is a small village in the state of Orissa on the east coast of India.	Dhirapatana	India
country	Acharistsqali (Georgian: აჭარისწყალი - literal meaning: Adjara's water) is a river of southwestern Georgia.	Acharistsqali	Georgia
country	Faerie Glen Nature Reserve is situated at the western limit of the Bronberg in the east of Pretoria, South Africa.	Faerie Glen Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	The Giardino Botanico di Collepardo, also known as the Giardino Botanico ``Flora Ernica'', is a nature preserve and botanical garden located in Collepardo, Province of Frosinone, Lazio, Italy.	Giardino Botanico di Collepardo	Italy
country	Vipolže (pronounced (ˈʋiːpɔu̯ʒɛ)) is a scattered village in the lower Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy.	Vipolže	Slovenia
country	Horahora Power Station was an early hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River in New Zealand.	Horahora Power Station	New Zealand
country	Kourounios (Greek: Κουρουνιός) is a mountain village in the municipal unit Gortyna, southwestern Arcadia, Greece.	Kourounios	Greece
country	Haveli Sujan Singh is a haveli located in the congested market of Bhabra Bazar Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan.	Haveli Sujan Singh	Pakistan
country	Belgian National Day (Dutch: Nationale feestdag van België; French: Fête nationale belge; German: Belgischer Nationalfeiertag) is the National Day of Belgium celebrated on 21 July each year.	Belgian National Day	Belgium
country	Torosgyugh (Armenian: Թորոսգյուղ, also Romanized as T’orosgyugh and Torosgyukh) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Torosgyugh	Armenia
country	Angourie Point is a surf break in the small township of Yamba on the north coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Angourie Point	Australia
country	Delta Lloyd Group is a Dutch insurer with operations in the Netherlands, Belgium and Germany.	Delta Lloyd Group	Netherlands
country	Jefman Airport (IATA: SOQ, ICAO: WASS) was an airport in front of Sorong, West Papua, Indonesia.	Jefman Airport	Indonesia
country	The Château de Saint-Ferriol (or Château Saint-Ferriol) is a late medieval - early Renaissance castle, in the village and commune of Saint-Ferriol, in the Aude département in southern France.	Château de Saint-Ferriol	France
country	Dolenje Dole (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈdoːlɛ); German: Unterdule) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenje Dole	Slovenia
country	Wefensleben is a village and a municipality in the Börde district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Wefensleben	Germany
country	Dantu Railway Station, formerly known as Sanshan West Railway Station is a railway station of Shanghai-Nanjing Intercity Railway located in Jiangsu, People's Republic of China.	Dantu Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Daranagar is a town in Kaushambi, a district in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Daranagar	India
country	Kosmolów (kɔsˈmɔluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kosmolów	Poland
country	Jerusalem Binyanei HaUma Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת בנייני האומה‎, Tahanat HaRakevet Binyenei HaUma) is a future railway station on the future high-speed railway to Jerusalem near Binyanei HaUma in Jerusalem, Israel.	Jerusalem Binyanei HaUma Railway Station	Israel
country	The Pârâul Snopului is a headwater of the Sărișorul Mic River in Romania.	Pârâul Snopului	Romania
country	Chepzi is located in Ladakh, state of Jammu & Kashmir, India .	Chepzi	India
country	Nash Mill was a paper mill in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom.	Nash Mill	United Kingdom
country	Badu Station (Chinese: 八堵車站; pinyin: Bādǔ Chēzhàn) (formerly transliterated as Patu Station until 2003) is a railway station at the junction of the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line and the Yilan Line.	Badu Station	Taiwan
country	Hensbarrow Beacon is a hill in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Hensbarrow Beacon	United Kingdom
country	Munkeliv Abbey was a Benedictine abbey located at Nordnes in Bergen, Norway.	Munkeliv Abbey	Norway
country	Mierzęcice (mʲɛʐɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Mierzęcice	Poland
country	Vyborg Library (Finnish: Viipurin kirjasto) is a library in Vyborg, Russia, built during the time of Finnish sovereignty (1918 to 1940-44), before the Finnish city of Viipuri was annexed by the former USSR and its Finnish name was changed to Vyborg by the USSR authorities.	Vyborg Library	Russia
country	As per Census India 2011, Tikri Kalan Census Town has population of 16,313 of which 9,247 are males while 7,066 are females.	Tikri Kalan	India
country	Kolonaki (Greek: Κολωνάκι, pronounced (koloˈnaci)), literally ``Little Column'' is a neighborhood in central Athens, Greece.	Kolonaki	Greece
country	Kaņieris Lake or Lake Kaņieris is a lake in Latvia located in the Ķemeri National Park west of the city of Jūrmala.	Lake Kaņieris	Latvia
country	Lake Davos (German: Davosersee) is a small natural lake at Davos, Switzerland.	Lake Davos	Switzerland
country	The Aguacapa River (Spanish pronunciation: (aɣwaˈkapa)) is a river in Guatemala.	Aguacapa River	Guatemala
country	Nettlebed Cave is a limestone cave located in the Mount Arthur region of the northwest South Island of New Zealand.	Nettlebed Cave	New Zealand
country	Dąbrowa Górnicza (dɔmˈbrɔva ɡurˈɲit͡ʂa) is a city in Zagłębie Dąbrowskie, southern Poland, near Katowice and Sosnowiec.	Dąbrowa Górnicza	Poland
country	Radomia (raˈdɔmja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Radomia	Poland
country	Yodok concentration camp (also romanized Yodŏk, Yodeok, or Yoduk) is a political prison camp in North Korea.	Yodok concentration camp	North Korea
country	Drašiči (pronounced (ˈdɾaːʃitʃi); German: Draschitz) is a village in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia.	Drašiči	Slovenia
country	Kulab-e Fartaq (Persian: كولاب فارتق‎, also Romanized as Kūlab-e Fārtaq; also known as Fartagh, Fārtaq, Fārteq, and Kūlab) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kulab-e Fartaq	Iran
country	The Ramena River is a river of northwestern Madagascar in the region of Diana.	Ramena River	Madagascar
country	Pol-e Band (Persian: پل بند‎, also Romanized as Pol Band; also known as Pūlband) is a village in Dasht-e Taybad Rural District, Miyan Velayat District, Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pol-e Band	Iran
country	Mariano del Friuli (Friulian: Marian) is a town and comune in the province of Gorizia, part of Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of north-eastern Italy.	Mariano del Friuli	Italy
country	Divisional Model College commonly known as DMC is a prestigious, semi-private and independent selective school based in Faisalabad, Pakistan.	Divisional Model College	Pakistan
country	Canihuel (Breton: Kanuhel) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Canihuel	France
country	Rubrouck (Dutch: Rubroek, once Ruysbroeck) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Rubrouck	France
country	Garmejan (Persian: گرمجان‎, also Romanized as Garmejān) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Garmejan	Iran
country	The Ratchford Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains of the Columbia Mountains, located east of the Seymour River in British Columbia, Canada.	Ratchford Range	Canada
country	Vajreshwari also known as Vajrabai is a village situated near the Tansa River in the in Bhiwandi taluk of Thane district, Maharashtra, India.	Vajreshwari	India
country	Babina Stena is a peak found in Kosovo .	Babina Stena	Kosovo
country	Dol pri Hrastniku (pronounced (ˈdoːu̯ pɾi ˈxɾaːstniku)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Hrastnik in central Slovenia.	Dol pri Hrastniku	Slovenia
country	Antisana Ecological Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Ecológica Antisana) is a protected area in Ecuador situated in the Napo Province, Quijos Canton and Archidona Canton.	Antisana Ecological Reserve	Ecuador
country	McNeilly Falls is a 12 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found in Vinemount Conservation Area in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	McNeilly Falls	Canada
country	Surduc (Hungarian: Szurduk) is a commune located in Sălaj County, Romania.	Surduc	Romania
country	The White Mulde (German: Weiße Mulde) is the right headstream of the Zwickau Mulde in the Vogtland region of Saxony, Germany.	White Mulde	Germany
country	Marhouma is a village in the commune of Tamtert, in El Ouata District, Béchar Province, Algeria.	Marhouma	Algeria
country	Churchill Community College was rated ``one of the best in country'', with only 11% of secondary schools in the United Kingdom to achieve this status.	Churchill Community College	United Kingdom
country	The Big Trout is a 10-metre-high fibreglass model in Adaminaby, New South Wales, Australia, a popular fishing spot for trout.	Big Trout	Australia
country	Khao Sod has seen substantial success over recent years, with circulation of 300,0000 copies; it is currently the third-bestselling newspaper in Thailand.	Khao Sod	Thailand
country	Zgornja Pohanca (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈpoːxantsa)) is a settlement in the hills north of Brežice in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Zgornja Pohanca	Slovenia
country	Stavešinski Vrh (pronounced (ˈstaːʋɛʃinski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement north of Stavešinci in the Municipality of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.	Stavešinski Vrh	Slovenia
country	The Vosges (French pronunciation: ​(voːʒ)) (German: Vogesen (voˈɡeːzn̩)), also called the Vosges Mountains, are a range of low mountains in eastern France, near its border with Germany.	Vosges	France
country	Socond (Hungarian: Nagyszokond, Hungarian pronunciation: (nɒɟsokond)) is a commune of 2,630 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Socond	Romania
country	Chrysochou (Greek: Χρυσοχού, Turkish: Hirsofu) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km south of Polis Chrysochous.	Chrysochou	Cyprus
country	Tuamasaga is a district of Samoa, with a population (2001 Census) of 83,191.	Tuamasaga	Samoa
country	Laval Centre (French: Laval-Centre; formerly known as Laval-des-Rapides) was a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1979 to 2004.	Laval Centre	Canada
country	The Palace of the Dukes of Braganza (Portuguese: Paço dos Duques de Bragança), is a medieval estate and former residence of the first Dukes of Braganza, located in the historical centre of Guimarães (Oliveira do Castelo), in the north-western part of Portugal.	Palace of the Dukes of Braganza	Portugal
country	The Civil Servants' Confederation (Greek: Ανώτατη Διοίκηση Ενώσεων Δημοσίων Υπαλλήλων) mostly known by its acronym ADEDY (Α.Δ.Ε.Δ.Υ) is a trade union centre in Greece.	Civil Servants' Confederation	Greece
country	Cerro Petaca is a large forested ridge in Amazonas state, Venezuela.	Cerro Petaca	Venezuela
country	Zhupanovsky (Russian: Жупановский) is a volcanic massif located in the southeastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Zhupanovsky	Russia
country	Moneensauran (from Irish: Moinín Samhradhain, meaning ``Sauran's little bog'') is a townland in the civil parish of Templeport, County Cavan, Ireland.	Moneensauran	Ireland
country	An Emas bond or sukuk (Islamic bond) is a non-Ringgit denominated bond or sukuk issued out of Malaysia.	Emas bond	Malaysia
country	The Volnaya River (Russian: Во́льная) is a river in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Volnaya River	Russia
country	The Grande Course de Haies d'Auteuil, sometimes referred to as the French Champion Hurdle, is a Group 1 hurdle race in France which is open to horses aged five years or older.	Grande Course de Haies d'Auteuil	France
country	The Buldușor River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River (Crișul Repede) in Romania	Buldușor River	Romania
country	The Tuntsayoki (Russian: Тунтсайоки, Finnish: Tuntsajoki) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Tuntsayoki	Russia
country	Kelbata is a Maronite and Sunni Muslim village in Koura District of Lebanon.	Kelbata	Lebanon
country	Onehunga High School is a state co-educational secondary school in the Auckland suburb of Onehunga, New Zealand.	Onehunga High School	New Zealand
country	Kozarzew (kɔˈzaʐɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kozarzew	Poland
country	Finnsæter Chapel (Norwegian: Finnsæter kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Berg in Troms county, Norway.	Finnsæter Chapel	Norway
country	Mozirje (German: Prassberg) is a small town and municipality on the Savinja River in northern Slovenia.	Mozirje	Slovenia
country	Hutt International Boys' School (usually known by its acronym, HIBS) is a state integrated boys' secondary school in Upper Hutt, Wellington, New Zealand.	Hutt International Boys' School	New Zealand
country	The Tabernas Desert (Spanish: Desierto de Tabernas) is one of Spain's semi-deserts, located within Spain's southeastern province of Almería.	Tabernas Desert	Spain
country	The Canton of Saint-Nom-la-Bretèche is a French former canton, located in the arrondissement of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, in the Yvelines département (Île-de-France région).	Canton of Saint-Nom-la-Bretèche	France
country	Alchalu (Persian: الچالو‎, also Romanized as Ālchālū) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alchalu	Iran
country	Yuxarı Ağcakənd (also, Verinsen, Verishen, and Yukhary-Agdzhakend) is a town in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Ağcakənd	Azerbaijan
country	Korup National Park is in the Southwest Province of Cameroon and extends over 1,260 km2 of mostly undisturbed primary forest.	Korup National Park	Cameroon
country	Yaynu (hispanicized spellings Yaino, Yayno) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Yaynu	Peru
country	Señoráns is a village in the province of A Coruña, Galicia, Spain.	Señoráns	Spain
country	Góraj (ˈɡurai̯) (German: Neu Bergen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Góraj	Poland
country	Colonia Valdense is a small city located in southwestern Uruguay, within the Colonia Department.	Colonia Valdense	Uruguay
country	Prison Six (Hebrew: כלא שש‎ Kele Shesh), officially Confinement Base 396 (Hebrew: בסיס כליאה 396‎ Bsis Kli'a 396) is an Israeli military prison located near Atlit, Israel, on Oren Junction.	Prison Six	Israel
country	Iğdır (Turkish (ˈɯːβdɯɾ); Armenian: Իգդիր Igdir, also Ցոլակերտ, Tsolakert, after the ancient site nearby) is the capital of Iğdır Province in the Eastern Anatolia Region of Turkey.	Iğdır	Turkey
country	Hackham railway station was a railway station on the Willunga railway line, Australia.	Hackham railway station	Australia
country	Madang Airport (IATA: MAG, ICAO: AYMD), is an airport located in Madang, Papua New Guinea.	Madang Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	The Stołowe Mountains National Park (Polish: Park Narodowy Gór Stołowych) is a National Park in Poland.	Stołowe Mountains National Park	Poland
country	Police nad Metují (information in Czech language) (German: Politz an der Mettau) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Police nad Metují	Czech Republic
country	Ryerson University Entrepreneurship Program is the largest undergraduate entrepreneurship program in Canada with both major and minor degree programs available.	Ryerson University Entrepreneurship Program	Canada
country	The Botanischer Garten Erlangen (2 hectares), also known as the Botanischer Garten der Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg, is a botanical garden maintained by the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and located on the north side of the castle garden in the city center at Loschgestraße 3, Erlangen, Franconia, Germany.	Botanischer Garten Erlangen	Germany
country	Llawa P'ukru (Quechua llawa broken glass with sharp edges, p'ukru hole, pit, gap in a surface, hispanicized spelling Llaguapucro) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 m (17,060 ft) high.	Llawa P'ukru	Peru
country	The Njurunda Church (Swedish: Njurunda kyrka) is a church building in Njurundabommen, Sweden.	Njurunda Church	Sweden
country	Bo Airport (IATA: KBS, ICAO: GFBO) is a regional airport located in Bo, the second largest city of Sierra Leone.	Bo Airport	Sierra Leone
country	XEWF-AM is a radio station located in Tlalmanalco in the State of Mexico.	XEWF-AM	Mexico
country	Veliki Ban (pronounced (ˈʋeːliki ˈbaːn)) is a settlement in the Žumberak/Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Veliki Ban	Slovenia
country	Kabalega Hydroelectric Power Station, also known as Kabalega Power Station is a 9 MW (12,000 hp) mini hydroelectric power project located across River Wambabya, in Buseruka Sub County, Hoima District, in Western Uganda.	Kabalega Hydroelectric Power Station	Uganda
country	PAF Base Peshawar is an airbase of the Pakistan Air Force located in Peshawar, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	PAF Base Peshawar	Pakistan
country	Tor Zawar is a fissure vent volcano in central Pakistan and the only recent volcano in Pakistan and South Asia.	Tor Zawar	Pakistan
country	Sušice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈsuʃɪtsɛ); German: Schüttenhofen) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic.	Sušice	Czech Republic
country	FK Horizont Turnovo (Macedonian: ФК Хоризонт Турново) is a football club based in the village Turnovo near Strumica, Republic of Macedonia.	FK Horizont Turnovo	Macedonia
country	Uzunboyad (also, Uzunboyat) is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Uzunboyad	Azerbaijan
country	Smines Bridge (Norwegian: Sminesbrua) is a cantilever bridge in the southern part of the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Smines Bridge	Norway
country	The Aguapey River (Spanish Río Aguapey) is a river of Argentina.	Aguapey River	Argentina
country	Plouvara (Breton: Plouvara) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor departmentof Brittany in northwestern France.	Plouvara	France
country	Rosalnice (pronounced (ɾɔˈsaːlnitsɛ) or (ɾɔˈsaːu̯nitsɛ); German: Rosalnitz) is a village on the left bank of the Kolpa River, east of the town of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia.	Rosalnice	Slovenia
country	The Château de Rochetaillée is a ruined feudal castle in the city of Saint-Étienne in the Loire département of France.	Château de Rochetaillée	France
country	In a story published in late February 2012 by Forbes magazine, about the ascent of electronic music in Brazil, Balneário Camboriú was presented as ``the capital of e-music'' in the country.	Balneário Camboriú	Brazil
country	Blagaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Благаја) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Požega.	Blagaja	Serbia
country	The Tintinara Tennis Club was established in 1919 in Tintinara, South Australia by Mr. Edward B. Northcott and Mrs Fanny and Tilly Williams.	Tintinara Tennis Club	Australia
country	Gradišče pri Ormožu (pronounced (ɡraˈdiːʃtʃɛ pri ˈoːrmɔʒu)) is a small settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) northwest of Ormož in northeastern Slovenia.	Gradišče pri Ormožu	Slovenia
country	Jardines del Pedregal (English: Rocky Gardens) or simply El Pedregal is an upscale residential colonia (neighborhood) in southern Mexico City.	Jardines del Pedregal	Mexico
country	Hatun Qinamari (Quechua hatun big (jatun in Bolivia), Aymara or Quechua qinamari (a possible spelling), hispanicized Jatun Quenamari) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Hatun Qinamari	Peru
country	Lattarico (Greek: Lattarioi) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Lattarico	Italy
country	Cardejón is a town in the province of Soria, judicial district of Soria, Castile and León, Spain .	Cardejón	Spain
country	Ubon Ratchathani University (UBU) (Thai, มหาวิทยาลัยอุบลราชธานี) was established as a campus of Khon Kaen University, Thailand, in 1987.	Ubon Ratchathani University	Thailand
country	Hoogkarspel (West Frisian: Hougkarspel) (population estimate: 7380) is a village in the municipality Drechterland, located in the north west of the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland and the region of West-Frisia.	Hoogkarspel	Netherlands
country	Bhira Kheri is a small town located in the Lakhimpur Kheri district of Lucknow division, in the Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Bhira Kheri	India
country	Blekinge archipelago is an archipelago in the Baltic Sea, located in Blekinge in the south of Sweden.	Blekinge archipelago	Sweden
country	As per the latest India census, Kadampanad has a population of 26839 with 12769 males and 14070 females.	Kadampanad	India
country	Stereo nightclub is an afterhours club in Montreal, Canada which primarily features house music and techno.	Stereo nightclub	Canada
country	Godičevo (pronounced (ɡɔˈdiːtʃɛʋɔ)) is small settlement northeast of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Godičevo	Slovenia
country	Mowtowr-e Mohammad Hasan Naruyi (Persian: موتور محمدحسن ناروئي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Moḩammad Ḩasan Nārūyī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Mohammad Hasan Naruyi	Iran
country	Susuman Airport (ICAO: UHMH) is a minor airport built 2 km south of Susuman in Magadan Oblast, Russia during World War II for the Alaska-Siberian (ALSIB) air route used to ferry American Lend-Lease aircraft to the Eastern Front.	Susuman Airport	Russia
country	Sakaraha is a town and municipality in Atsimo-Andrefana Region, south-western Madagascar.	Sakaraha	Madagascar
country	Qurtlu Qeshlaq (Persian: قورتلوقشلاق‎, also Romanized as Qūrtlū Qeshlāq) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qurtlu Qeshlaq	Iran
country	Ano Kalamas (Greek: Άνω Καλαμάς) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Ano Kalamas	Greece
country	Umiujaq (Inuktitut: ᐅᒥᐅᔭᖅ) is a northern village (Inuit community) near the eastern shore of Hudson Bay in Nunavik in northern Quebec, Canada.	Umiujaq	Canada
country	Three Rivers and St. Maurice (also known as Three Rivers--St. Maurice) was a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1892 to 1935.	Three Rivers and St. Maurice	Canada
country	Novoselec is a village in central Croatia located southeast of Križ.	Novoselec	Croatia
country	Chrzelice ((xʂɛˈlʲit͡sɛ); in German Schelitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chrzelice	Poland
country	Ipsos MORI is the second largest market research organisation in the United Kingdom, formed by a merger of Ipsos UK and MORI, two of Britain's leading survey companies, in October 2005.	Ipsos MORI	United Kingdom
country	Mount Kain is a mountain located in the Fraser River Valley of Mount Robson Provincial Park, Canada.	Mount Kain	Canada
country	The British School at Athens (BSA) (Greek: Βρετανική Σχολή Αθηνών) is one of the 17 Foreign Archaeological Institutes in Athens, Greece.	British School at Athens	Greece
country	Orsk (Russian: Орск) is the second largest city in Orenburg Oblast, Russia, located on the steppe about 100 kilometers (62 mi) southeast of the southern tip of the Ural Mountains.	Orsk	Russia
country	The Forest of Éperlecques (French: Forêt d'Éperlecques) is a large forest covering some 850 hectares in the commune of Éperlecques in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Forest of Éperlecques	France
country	Baxt (Baht) is a town in Sirdaryo District of Sirdaryo Region in Uzbekistan.	Baxt	Uzbekistan
country	The University of Western Ontario (UWO), branded as Western University, is a public research university located in London, Ontario, Canada.	University of Western Ontario	Canada
country	The Roman Theatre of Florence was a Roman theatre dated to the 1st century in Florence, Italy.	Roman Theatre of Florence	Italy
country	Karantando is a small village located about 15 miles of Kouroussa in northeastern Guinea.	Karantando	Guinea
country	The Cathedral of Santa María de Vitoria (Basque: Santa Maria katedrala, Spanish: Catedral de Santa María de Vitoria) is a Gothic-style, Roman Catholic cathedral located in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque country, Spain.	Cathedral of Santa María de Vitoria	Spain
country	Kotlenik (Serbian Cyrillic: Котленик) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Kraljevo.	Kotlenik	Serbia
country	Mokrzeszów (mɔˈkʂɛʂuf) (German: Kunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mokrzeszów	Poland
country	Phumdis are a series of floating islands, exclusive to the Loktak Lake in Manipur state, in northeastern India.	Phumdi	India
country	The Port of Tobruk (Arabic: ميناء طبرق‎) is a port located at Tobruk, Libya.	Port of Tobruk	Libya
country	The University of Kisangani (UNIKIS) is located in the city of Kisangani in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	University of Kisangani	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	St. Mark's Church, Versailles, or St. Mark's, Versailles, is an Anglican church dedicated to Saint Mark in Versailles, France.	St. Mark's Church, Versailles	France
country	Alvir (Persian: الوير‎‎, also Romanized as Alvīr; also known as Avīr) is a village in Alvir Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Alvir	Iran
country	Windhoek Central Business District (short: Windhoek Central) is the inner city area of Windhoek, capital of Namibia.	Windhoek Central Business District	Namibia
country	Spodnja Ročica (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja ɾɔˈtʃiːtsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Benedikt in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnja Ročica	Slovenia
country	Boukhelifa is a town and commune in the Béjaïa in northern Algeria.	Boukhelifa	Algeria
country	Lake Dem is a small lake in northern Burkina Faso, located to the north of Kaya, south of the Sahel Reserve and south-east of Lake Bam.	Lake Dem	Burkina Faso
country	The Christian Unity Party (Norwegian: Kristent Samlingsparti, KSP) is a conservative Christian and fundamentalist political party in Norway without parliamentary representation.	Christian Unity Party	Norway
country	Qusha Qeshlaq-e Khasai (Persian: قوشاقشلاق خاصاي‎, also Romanized as Qūshā Qeshlāq-e Khāṣāī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qusha Qeshlaq-e Khasai	Iran
country	The French nation, the Kingdom of Bavaria and the Federal Republic of Germany tried repeatedly, but in vain, to secure ownership of the Stumpfwald.	Stumpfwald	Germany
country	San Isidro de Lules, or, Lules, as the town is colloquially known, is a settlement in Tucumán Province in northern Argentina, and the seat of the department (county) of the same name.	Lules	Argentina
country	There are more than 230 Harvey Norman stores in Australia, New Zealand, Slovenia, Ireland, Northern Ireland, Malaysia, Croatia and Singapore altogether.	Harvey Norman	Australia
country	Alonei Yitzhak (Hebrew: אַלּוֹנֵי יִצְחָק, lit. Yitzhak Oaks) is a youth village in northern Israel.	Alonei Yitzhak	Israel
country	Beit Shemesh Railway Station is an Israel Railways station in Beit Shemesh, Israel on the Tel Aviv --	Beit Shemesh Railway Station	Israel
country	French for the Future (French: Le français pour l'avenir) is a Canadian non-profit organisation that aims to promote bilingualism and French-language education in Canada.	French for the Future	Canada
country	Dlouhoňovice is village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Dlouhoňovice	Czech Republic
country	Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji Airport (IATA: NDC, ICAO: VAND) is a public airport located in Nanded, in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji Airport	India
country	Stickens is a townland in the Roman Catholic parish of Caragh in Co. Kildare, Ireland.	Stickens	Ireland
country	Grand Jamia Mosque, Karachi also known as Bahria Town Jamia Masjid Complex is a mosque under construction in Bahria Town, Karachi, Pakistan.	Grand Jamia Mosque, Karachi	Pakistan
country	The New Orthodox Synagogue, Košice (Slovak: Nová ortodoxná synagóga v Košiciach) was built in the years 1926--1927 at Puškinova Street near the historic centre of Košice, Slovakia.	New Orthodox Synagogue, Košice	Slovakia
country	Jhungara is a small village near Bakhshali in Pakistan.	Jhungara	Pakistan
country	Bolstadøyri Station (Norwegian: Bolstadøyri stasjon) is located on Bergensbanen railway line located in the village of Bolstadøyri in the municipality of Voss, in Hordaland county, Norway.	Bolstadøyri Station	Norway
country	Banqiao Station (Chinese: 板橋車站; pinyin: Bǎnqiáo Chēzhàn) is a railway station located in Banqiao District, New Taipei, Taiwan.	Banqiao Station	Taiwan
country	Nacula is a hilly and volcanic island of the Yasawa Group in Fiji's Ba Province.	Nacula	Fiji
country	Calvairate (Calvairaa in Lombard) is a district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy.	Calvairate	Italy
country	Bounty Bay is an embayment of the Pacific Ocean into Pitcairn Island.	Bounty Bay	Pitcairn
country	Taghaza (also Teghaza) is an abandoned salt-mining centre located in a salt pan in the desert region of northern Mali.	Taghaza	Mali
country	Lake Atanasovsko or Lake Atanasovo (Bulgarian: Атанасовско езеро, Atanasovsko ezero) is a salt coastal lake north of Burgas, Bulgaria, located in direct proximity of the Black Sea.	Lake Atanasovsko	Bulgaria
country	Bad Rotenfels is a district in the city of Gaggenau, district of Rastatt, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Bad Rotenfels	Germany
country	Novi Kozjak (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови Козјак) is a village in northern Serbia.	Novi Kozjak	Serbia
country	Valby station is a railway station in the Valby district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Valby station	Denmark
country	Tarquinia Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in the Lazio region of central Italy, about 6 km South-Southwest of Tarquinia.	Tarquinia Airfield	Italy
country	The Kremasta Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Achelous River in Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece.	Kremasta Dam	Greece
country	Col de la Vanoise is a mountain pass of Savoie, France.	Col de la Vanoise	France
country	Huites Dam, officially known as Luis Donaldo Colosio Dam, is located on the Rio Fuerte in northwestern Sinaloa, Mexico 130 kilometres (81 mi) northeast of Los Mochis.	Huites Dam	Mexico
country	Bir Ghbalou is a commune of Bouïra Province, Algeria.	Bir Ghbalou	Algeria
country	The Place Kléber is the central square of Strasbourg, France.	Place Kléber	France
country	Kolomna (Russian: Колóмна; IPA: (kɐˈlomnə)) is an ancient city of Moscow Oblast, Russia, situated at the confluence of the Moskva and Oka Rivers, 114 kilometers (71 mi) (by rail) southeast of Moscow.	Kolomna	Russia
country	Quintela (Portuguese pronunciation: (kĩˈtɛɫɐ)) is a civil parish in the municipality of Sernancelhe, Portugal.	Quintela	Portugal
country	Sulichay (Persian: سولي چاي‎, also Romanized as Sūlīchāy) is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sulichay	Iran
country	George Town Airport (ICAO: MYEG) is an airport located near George Town on the island of Great Exuma in The Bahamas.	George Town Airport	The Bahamas
country	Sztabin (ˈʂtabin) (Lithuanian: Štabinas, Stabinis) - is a village in Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sztabin	Poland
country	Suakoko District (commonly spelled Suacoco in English speaking countries) is one of eight districts located in Bong County, Liberia.	Suakoko District	Liberia
country	Saeedabad Taluka (Urdu: سعيد آباد ‎) is an administrative subdivision, (taluka), of Matiari District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Saeedabad Taluka	Pakistan
country	The Royal Armouries is the United Kingdom's National Museum of Arms and Armour.	Royal Armouries	United Kingdom
country	Hüttensteinach is a former town in Thuringia, Germany.	Hüttensteinach	Germany
country	Torfinnstindene is a mountain with three summits in Norway, the highest at 2120 m above sea level.	Torfinnstindene	Norway
country	Vasile Alecsandri National Theatre (Romanian: Teatrul Național Vasile Alecsandri din Bălți) in Bălți, is one of the national theatres of Moldova.	Vasile Alecsandri National Theatre	Moldova
country	Topiło (tɔˈpiwɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Topiło	Poland
country	Khakashan (Persian: خاكشان‎, also Romanized as Khākashān) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District, Basharyat District, Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Khakashan	Iran
country	Dongyang University is a private university located in Yeongju, South Korea.	Dongyang University	South Korea
country	Elefant Traks is a record label based in Sydney, Australia, that predominantly releases Australian hip hop music.	Elefant Traks	Australia
country	Mahenge is a limestone plateau area in the Ulanga District, Morogoro Region, Tanzania, Africa.	Mahenge	Tanzania
country	The Tzeachten First Nation is a band government of the Sto:lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region near Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	Tzeachten First Nation	Canada
country	Uzunköprü (in English long bridge) is a town in Edirne Province in Turkey.	Uzunköprü	Turkey
country	Peddemul or Peddamal or Peddimul is a mandal in Rangareddi district of Telangana, India.	Peddemul	India
country	Tutuki Splash is a water ride, opened in 1995 at PortAventura in Salou, Spain.	Tutuki Splash	Spain
country	The 2010 HP Open (also known as the 2010 HP Japan Women's Open Tennis) was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2010 HP Open	Japan
country	The Temple Entry Proclamation issued by Maharaja Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma in 1936 abolished the ban on the so-called 'low-caste people' or avarnas from entering Hindu temples in the Princely State of Travancore (now part of Kerala, India).	Temple Entry Proclamation	India
country	Qinngorput is a district of Nuuk, the capital of Greenland.	Qinngorput	Greenland
country	Wólka Ponikiewska (ˈvulka pɔniˈkʲɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Ponikiewska	Poland
country	Ilga Manor (Latvian: Ilgas muiža) is a manor in the historical region of Selonia, in Latvia.	Ilga Manor	Latvia
country	Acquasparta is a town and comune in the province of Terni (Umbria, central Italy).	Acquasparta	Italy
country	Sabiha Gökçen International Airport (IATA: SAW, ICAO: LTFJ) is one of the two international airports serving İstanbul, Turkey.	Sabiha Gökçen International Airport	Turkey
country	Ribaue is a town in northern Mozambique in the Ribáuè District.	Ribaue	Mozambique
country	Virac Airport (Tagalog: Paliparan ng Virac, Bikol: Palayogan nin Virac) (IATA: VRC, ICAO: RPUV) is the only airport serving the island province of Catanduanes in the Philippines.	Virac Airport	Philippines
country	Mian Mahalleh-ye Pap Kiadeh (Persian: ميان محله پاپكياده‎, also Romanized as Mīān Maḩalleh-ye Pāp Kīādeh; also known as Mīyānmaḩalleh-ye Pāpīyādeh) is a village in Chaf Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mian Mahalleh-ye Pap Kiadeh	Iran
country	Apiñaqucha (Quechua apiña, maswa a flowering, partly eatable plant, qucha lake, ``maswa lake'', hispanicized spelling Apiñaccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region, Lucanas Province, in the districts of Chipao and Puquio.	Apiñaqucha	Peru
country	Marsvinsholm Castle (Swedish: Marsvinsholms slott) is situated in Ystad Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden, 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from Ystad.	Marsvinsholm Castle	Sweden
country	Garwolin (ɡarˈvɔlʲin) is a town on the Wilga river in eastern Poland, capital of Garwolin County, situated in the southeast part of the Garwolin plateau in Masovian Voivodeship (since 1999, before: Siedlce Voivodeship), 62 km southeast of Warsaw, 100 km northwest of Lublin.	Garwolin	Poland
country	The Trier Imperial Baths (German: Kaiserthermen) are a large Roman bath complex in Trier, Germany.	Trier Imperial Baths	Germany
country	The Phillip Ice Skating Centre (also known as Phillip Swimming & Ice Skating Centre and the Brave Cave) is an ice sports and public skate centre, open in 1980 and located at the Phillip precinct of Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia.	Phillip Ice Skating Centre	Australia
country	The Capanda Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Kwanza River in Malanje Province, Angola.	Capanda Dam	Angola
country	Plaza Brasil (Brasil Square) is located in Barrio Brasil, a neighborhood of Santiago, Chile known for its strong artistic and cultural scene.	Plaza Brasil	Chile
country	Threatened ecological community is a term used in Australia for ecosystems that are in danger of being lost due to some threatening process.	Threatened ecological community	Australia
country	Sankt Gangloff or St. Gangloff is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.	Sankt Gangloff	Germany
country	Kharabeh-ye Kohal (Persian: خرابه كهل‎, also Romanized as Kharābeh-ye Kohal; also known as ``Alīābād) is a village in Balghelu Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 21 families.	Kharabeh-ye Kohal	Iran
country	Ladheke is a village situated in the outskirts of Lahore near Raiwind, in Punjab, Pakistan, near the eastern border with India.	Ladheke	Pakistan
country	Small Star Cinema is a mid-1970s series of live-action/animated shorts made by Canada's Nelvana Limited, and broadcast on the CBC.	Small Star Cinema	Canada
country	Gizałki (ɡiˈzau̯ki) is a village in Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gizałki	Poland
country	San Mateo Mexicaltzingo is a town and the seat of the municipality of Mexicaltzingo located in the State of Mexico, in Mexico.	San Mateo Mexicaltzingo	Mexico
country	Le Calandre is a restaurant in Padua Italy.	Le Calandre	Italy
country	Bad Dürrenberg is a spa town in the Saalekreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Bad Dürrenberg	Germany
country	Jönköping International Business School (JIBS) is a business school located in Jönköping in south central Sweden.	Jönköping International Business School	Sweden
country	The Câlnic Citadel (Romanian: Cetatea Câlnic; German: Burg Kelling) is a citadel located in Câlnic, Alba County, in the Transylvania region of Romania.	Câlnic Citadel	Romania
country	Błażek (ˈbwaʐɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Błażek	Poland
country	Sallaumines is a commune of northern France.	Sallaumines	France
country	San Vito Chietino is a town and comune in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	San Vito Chietino	Italy
country	Huerta del Prado is a northern neighborhood of Marbella, Spain.	Huerta del Prado	Spain
country	Nabyszyce (nabɨˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Holzhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odolanów, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nabyszyce	Poland
country	Kosis is a settlement in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia, situated approximately 120 km west of Keetmanshoop, not far from Bethanie.	Kosis	Namibia
country	St. François Atoll is one of two atolls of the Alphonse Group of islands in the Seychelles that are part of the Outer Islands.	St. François Atoll	Seychelles
country	Epping Boys High School is a government high school located at Marsfield, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Epping Boys High School	Australia
country	Killman Zoo is located approximately 4 kilometres or 2.5 miles north of Caledonia in Haldimand County, Ontario, Canada.	Killman Zoo	Canada
country	Dichin (Bulgarian: Дичин) is a village in central northern Bulgaria, located about 25 kilometres north of the old university town of Veliko Tarnovo, just north of the Rosica River, in the southern little hill part.	Dichin	Bulgaria
country	Jangemireh (Persian: جنگ ميره‎, also Romanized as Jangemīreh) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jangemireh	Iran
country	Ar Ramtha, also known as Al-Ramtha (Arabic: الرمثا‎) is a city situated in the far northwest of Jordan.	Ar Ramtha	Jordan
country	Thoondu is a white sandy beach on the north of Fuvahmulah, Maldives.	Thoondu	Maldives
country	Tangos United Methodist Church was the first Methodist Church established by Juan and Pedro Pascual in 1900, at Navotas, the Philippines.	Tangos United Methodist Church	Philippines
country	Arusha is a city in northern Tanzania and the capital of the Arusha Region, with a population of 416,442 plus 323,198 in the surrounding Arusha District (2012 census).	Arusha	Tanzania
country	Aprompronou (also known as Apprompron) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast.	Aprompronou	Ivory Coast
country	Eisstadion Liebenau is an indoor sporting arena located in Graz, Austria.	Eisstadion Liebenau	Austria
country	Pey Rud (Persian: پيرود‎, also Romanized as Pey Rūd, Pai-Rūd, Pa yi Rūd, and Pay-ye Rūd; also known as Zenūr) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pey Rud	Iran
country	Shumsk (Ukrainian: Шумськ, Polish: Szumsk) is a city in Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine.	Shumsk	Ukraine
country	The Lauteraarhorn is a peak (4,042 m) of the Aarmassif in the Bernese Alps in Switzerland.	Lauteraarhorn	Switzerland
country	The Dorfbahn Serfaus is an unusual underground air cushion funicular transit system in the Tyrolian village of Serfaus in Austria.	Dorfbahn Serfaus	Austria
country	Studenca (pronounced (stu'dɛːntsa); in older sources also Studenec, German: Studenz) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Studenca	Slovenia
country	Silvi is an Italian comune in the province of Teramo, about 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Pescara, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Silvi	Italy
country	Nir Etzion (Hebrew: נִיר עֶצִיוֹן, lit. Etzion Meadow) is a religious moshav shitufi in northern Israel.	Nir Etzion	Israel
country	Bekkelaget is an area in the borough Nordstrand in Oslo, Norway.	Bekkelaget	Norway
country	Rud Avar (Persian: روداور‎, also Romanized as Rūd Āvar; also known as Rood Av) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Rud Avar	Iran
country	Negoiu Peak (Romanian: Vârful Negoiu pronounced (neˈɡoju)) is a mountain peak in the Făgăraş Mountains of the Southern Carpathians, being located in Argeş County, Romania, with an elevation of 2,535 metres (8,317 ft).	Negoiu Peak	Romania
country	MBK Center, also known as Mahboonkrong (Thai: มาบุญครอง), is a large shopping mall in Bangkok, Thailand.	MBK Center	Thailand
country	Zangi Kuh (Persian: زنگي كوه‎, also Romanized as Zangī Kūh; also known as Dāgh Zangī and Dag-Zangi) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zangi Kuh	Iran
country	In 1982 opened St Fergus Gas Plant, which receives and processes around 15% of the United Kingdom gas demand from some 20 fields, is owned and operated by Total.	St Fergus	United Kingdom
country	Darszyce (darˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Buchwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Darszyce	Poland
country	The Broad Left was a political faction within the National Union of Students of the United Kingdom (NUS) during the 1970s.	Broad Left	United Kingdom
country	Longing for Dawn is a funeral doom metal band based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada signed to Grau Records.	Longing for Dawn	Canada
country	Grigoriopol (Romanian pronunciation: (ɡriɡoriˈopol), Moldovan Cyrillic: Григориопол, Polish: Grigoriopol, Russian: Григорио́поль, Grigoriopolʹ, Ukrainian: Григоріо́поль, Hryhoriopolʹ) is a town in Transnistria, Moldova.	Grigoriopol	Transnistria
country	Killofin (Irish: Cill Lua Finn) is a civil parish in County Clare in Ireland.	Killofin	Ireland
country	King William's Town is a town in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa along the banks of the Buffalo River.	King William's Town	South Africa
country	Leeson Street (Irish: Sráid Líosain) is a thoroughfare near central Dublin, Ireland.	Leeson Street	Ireland
country	Ayn Issa (Arabic: ناحية عين عيسى‎, Kurdish: Bozanê‎) is a town and nahiyah within the Tell Abyad District of ar-Raqqah Governorate in Syria.	Ayn Issa	Syria
country	Yaoundé (US /ˌjɑːʊnˈdeɪ/, UK /jɑːˈʊndeɪ, -ˈuːn-/; French pronunciation: ​(ja.unde); German: Jaunde) is the capital of Cameroon and, with a population of approximately 2.5 million, the second largest city in the country after the port city Douala.	Yaoundé	Cameroon
country	San Francisco del Norte (Spanish pronunciation: (sam fɾanˈsisko ðel ˈnorte)) is a municipality in the Chinandega department of Nicaragua.	San Francisco del Norte	Nicaragua
country	Situated in the former district of Lisbon, Torres Vedras is a strong agricultural region linked with its vineyards and intense commercial and industrial life, resulting in a dynamic pole in the western subregion of Portugal.	Torres Vedras	Portugal
country	Santa Cecilia in Trastevere is a 5th-century church in Rome, Italy, in the Trastevere rione, devoted to the Roman martyr Saint Cecilia.	Santa Cecilia in Trastevere	Italy
country	Shaykh Issa (Arabic: الشيخ عيسى‎, also spelled Sheikh 'Isa) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located north of Aleppo.	Shaykh Issa	Syria
country	The Edip Buran Arena (Turkish: Edip Buran Spor Salonu), formerly Yenişehir Belediyesi Sports Hall (Turkish: Yenişehir Belidyesi Spor Salonu), is a multi-sport indoor arena at Yenişehir district of Mersin, Turkey.	Edip Buran Arena	Turkey
country	Gurab Zarmikh Rural District (Persian: دهستان گوراب زرميخ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mirza Kuchek Janghli District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gurab Zarmikh Rural District	Iran
country	Valu-mart (styled as valu-mart) is a chain of supermarkets based in Ontario, Canada.	Valu-mart	Canada
country	La Pocatière is a town in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region of Quebec, Canada.	La Pocatière	Canada
country	Dëshmorët e Kombit Boulevard (English: Martyrs of the Nation Boulevard) is a major boulevard of Tirana, Albania, built by Italian architects.	Dëshmorët e Kombit Boulevard	Albania
country	Leidschendam is a town and former municipality in the province of South Holland of the Netherlands.	Leidschendam	Netherlands
country	Gmina Boleszkowice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, on the German border.	Gmina Boleszkowice	Poland
country	The Polar Line (Norwegian: Polarbanen, German: Polarbahn) is an incomplete and abandoned railway line which had run northwards from Fauske, Norway, to Narvik and, if finished, ultimately would have run 1,215 kilometers (755 mi) to Kirkenes.	Polar Line	Norway
country	Aranui High School is a large secondary school for Years 9-13, in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Aranui High School	New Zealand
country	The Schwedenturm (``Sweden Tower'') in East Germany is a 35 m high rock formation made of sandstone in the hills of Saxon Switzerland near the spa town of Rathen and the famous Bastei rocks.	Schwedenturm	Germany
country	Ghela'elo Subregion (Ghelalo Subregion) is a subregion in the Northern Red Sea region (Zoba Semienawi Keyih Bahri) of Eritrea.	Ghela'elo Subregion	Eritrea
country	Panamalai (Tamil: பனமலை) lies 23 kilometers from Gingee, Vilupuram in Tamil Nadu, India.	Panamalai	India
country	Lough Mask (Irish: Loch Measca) is a limestone lough (lake) of 20,500 acres (83 km²) in County Mayo, Ireland, north of Lough Corrib.	Lough Mask	Ireland
country	Lujiang County (simplified Chinese: 庐江县; traditional Chinese: 廬江縣; pinyin: Lújiāng Xiàn) is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, under the jurisdiction of Hefei City.	Lujiang County	People's Republic of China
country	Vujčići (Serbian: Вујчићи) is a village in the municipality of Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vujčići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The United National Party, often abbreviated as UNP (Sinhalese: එක්සත් ජාතික පක්ෂය, pronounced Eksath Jathika Pakshaya, Tamil: ஐக்கிய தேசியக் கட்சி), is a political party in Sri Lanka.	United National Party	Sri Lanka
country	The 1990 UCI Road World Championships took place in Utsunomiya, Japan, from August 31 to September 2, 1990.	1990 UCI Road World Championships	Japan
country	Minahasa Regency is a regency in North Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Minahasa Regency	Indonesia
country	Potok pri Komendi (pronounced (ˈpɔːtɔk pɾi kɔˈmɛːndi)) is a small settlement next to Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Potok pri Komendi	Slovenia
country	Chamtu Kesh (Persian: چمتوكش‎, also Romanized as Chamtū Kesh) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chamtu Kesh	Iran
country	Kavari (Persian: كاواري‎, also Romanized as Kāvārī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kavari	Iran
country	The Pitticow River is a river in the north of the Unorganized Part of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Pitticow River	Canada
country	Kalegauk Island is an island in Ye Township, Mon State, Burma (Myanmar).	Kalegauk Island	Myanmar
country	Kaarmise is a village in Lääne-Saare Parish, Saare County in western part of Estonia.	Kaarmise	Estonia
country	Shahdad District (Persian: بخش شهداد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shahdad District	Iran
country	Espoo railway station (Finnish: Espoon rautatieasema, Swedish: Esbo järnvägstation) is a railway station located in the district of Espoon keskus in the city of Espoo, Finland.	Espoo railway station	Finland
country	The Vàm Cỏ River (sông Vàm Cỏ) is a river in Vietnam, south of Ho Chi Minh City.	Vàm Cỏ	Vietnam
country	Mawlamyine District (Burmese: မော်လမြိုင်ခရိုင်) is a district of the Mon State in Myanmar.	Mawlamyine District	Myanmar
country	The Dos Porcos River (Bahia) is in the Bahia state of eastern Brazil.	Dos Porcos River (Bahia)	Brazil
country	Chizarira National Park lies in Northern Zimbabwe.	Chizarira National Park	Zimbabwe
country	Lasta (Ge'ez: ላስታ lāstā) is a historic district in north-central Ethiopia.	Lasta	Ethiopia
country	The German Agricultural Society (Deutsche Landwirtschafts-Gesellschaft), commonly known as DLG, is an international non-profit organisation for agricultural industry in Germany.	German Agricultural Society	Germany
country	Sungai Karas is a small Chinese New Village 华人新村 in Segamat District, Johor, Malaysia, 3 km south of Labis.	Sungai Karas	Malaysia
country	Mahya Dağı (Bulgarian: Махиада, Mahiada) (1031 m) is a mountain peak in Turkey.	Mahya Dağı	Turkey
country	Gisundet is a strait in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms, Norway.	Gisundet	Norway
country	Sunshine Girl refers to pinup girls featured in most of the daily newspapers of the Sun chain in Canada.	Sunshine Girl	Canada
country	Giles Conservation Park is a protected area located approximately 10 km (6.2 mi) east of the Adelaide city centre in South Australia.	Giles Conservation Park	Australia
country	The Philippine Overseas Employment Administration (POEA) is an agency of the Government of the Philippines responsible for opening the benefits of the overseas employment program of the Philippines.	Philippine Overseas Employment Administration	Philippines
country	Gander Academy is an elementary school in Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Gander Academy	Canada
country	Malasa is a village in, Kanpur Dehat district, Uttar Pradesh India.	Malasa	India
country	Rangitoto College is a state coeducational secondary school, located on the North Shore of Auckland, New Zealand.	Rangitoto College	New Zealand
country	Ust-Pakhachi Airport (ICAO: UHPA) is an airport in Koryak Okrug, Russia located 2kmW of Ust-Pakhachi.	Ust-Pakhachi Airport	Russia
country	Titson or Budd's Titson is a hamlet in the parish of Marhamchurch, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Titson	United Kingdom
country	Mikun (Russian: Ми́кунь; Komi: Микунь) is a town in Ust-Vymsky District of the Komi Republic, Russia, located 96 kilometers (60 mi) north of Syktyvkar.	Mikun	Russia
country	Karnal ( pronunciation or the Rice Bowl of India); is a city located in the NCR (National Capital Region) and the headquarters of Karnal District in the Indian state of Haryana.	Karnal	India
country	Rajakilpakkam is a suburban area of Chennai to the south of the city, near East Tambaram in Tamil Nadu, India.	Rajakilpakkam	India
country	The O'a Caldera, also known as Shala, is a volcanic caldera in Ethiopia.	O'a Caldera	Ethiopia
country	Morne Diablotin National Park is a national park in the northern mountain ranges of Dominica, an island nation in the Caribbean.	Morne Diablotin National Park	Dominica
country	Operating principle Kaukametsä Civic Centre is part of the educational division of the town of Kajaani in Finland.	Kaukametsä Civic Centre	Finland
country	Argha is a Market Center in Sandhikharka Municipality of Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Argha	Nepal
country	The Battle of Taegu was an engagement between UN and North Korean forces early in the Korean War, with fighting continuing from August 5--20, 1950 around the city of Taegu, South Korea.	Battle of Taegu	South Korea
country	Kamieńc (ˈkamjɛɲt͡s) (German: Kamenz Mühle) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kamieńc	Poland
country	Bauska District (Latvian: Bauskas rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Semigallia region, in the country's centre.	Bauska District	Latvia
country	Santa Mustiola is a village (curazia) in the middle of San Marino.	Santa Mustiola	San Marino
country	Davudak (Persian: داودك‎, also Romanized as Dāvūdak; also known as Dābdak, Dābedak, and Dāndak) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Davudak	Iran
country	Hobol (Croatian: Obolj, Obol, Oboj, Vobol) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Hobol	Hungary
country	McKay v R, (1965) S.C.R. 798 is an early election law decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on the constitutionality of laws that limited the erection of election signs.	McKay v R	Canada
country	Monte Plata is a municipality (municipio) and the capital of the Monte Plata province in the Dominican Republic.	Monte Plata	Dominican Republic
country	Semiluki (Russian: Семилуки) is a town and the administrative center of Semiluksky District in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located on the Don River.	Semiluki	Russia
country	Jolarpettai is a municipality town in Vellore district, Tamil Nadu, India upgraded to IInd grade municipality from October 2010.	Jolarpettai	India
country	Andollu is a town in Vitoria-Gasteiz, located in the province of Álava, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Andollu	Spain
country	Mutriku (Spanish: Motrico) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country in northern Spain.	Mutriku	Spain
country	Dowleh Danlu (Persian: دوله دانلو‎, also Romanized as Dowleh Dānlū, Dowladānlū, Dowladānlu, and Dūledānlū; also known as Dowlū) is a village in Jirestan Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dowleh Danlu	Iran
country	Wallace Barracks is a former German and U.S. Army installation in the Bad Cannstatt district of Stuttgart, Germany.	Wallace Barracks	Germany
country	Lipniaki (lipˈɲaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąkolewnica Wschodnia, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lipniaki	Poland
country	The Bacchiglione (Latin: Medoacus Minor, ``Little Medoacus'') is a river that flows through northern Italy.	Bacchiglione	Italy
country	Bida Setar (Persian: بيداستر‎, also Romanized as Bīdā Setar; also known as Bīd Setar) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bida Setar	Iran
country	The Westside Shopping and Leisure Centre, on the outskirts of Bern, Switzerland, is a multi-use facility with shops, restaurants, a swimming pool, conference spaces, residences, a hotel, fitness centres, and a cinema.	Westside Shopping and Leisure Centre	Switzerland
country	Gudenå or Gudenåen (pronounced (ˈɡuˀðn̩ˌɔːˀn̩)), is Denmark's longest river and runs through the central parts of the Jutlandic peninsula.	Gudenå	Denmark
country	Horsh Ehden is a Nature Reserve located in North Lebanon, it contains a particularly diverse and beautiful remnant forest of the cedar of Lebanon, making the reserve a very important part of the country's cultural and natural heritage.	Horsh Ehden	Lebanon
country	The Petén Basin is a geographical subregion of Mesoamerica, primarily located in the northern Guatemala within the Department of El Petén, and into Campeche state in southeastern Mexico.	Petén Basin	Guatemala
country	The Castle of Pombal (Portuguese: Castelo de Pombal), is a medieval castle in the civil parish of Pombal, municipality of the same name in the district of Leiria in the Centre region of Portugal.	Castle of Pombal	Portugal
country	The Vilayets (Turkish pronunciation: (vilaːˈjet)) of the Ottoman Empire were the first-order administrative division, or provinces, of the later empire, introduced with the promulgation of the Vilayet Law (Turkish: Teşkil-i Vilayet Nizamnamesi) of 21 January 1867.	Vilayet	Ottoman Empire
country	Blæsedalen (Greenlandic: Itinneq Kangilleq) is a large glacial valley on Disko Island, Western Greenland.	Blæsedalen	Greenland
country	Beit Jann (Arabic: بيت جن‎; Hebrew: בֵּיתּ גַ'ן) is a Druze village on Mount Meron in northern Israel.	Beit Jann	Israel
country	Oborniki (ɔbɔrˈɲikʲi) (German: Obornik) is a town in Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, about 30 km north of Poznań.	Oborniki	Poland
country	The Shing Mun Tunnels are a system of tunnels and viaducts in the New Territories, Hong Kong connecting the new towns of Tsuen Wan to the west and Sha Tin to the east.	Shing Mun Tunnels	Hong Kong
country	Sásd (Croatian: Šaš) is a town in Baranya county, Hungary.	Sásd	Hungary
country	The Crimean Federal District (Russian: Кры́мский федера́льный о́круг) is one of the nine federal districts of Russia.	Crimean Federal District	Russia
country	Río Sereno, also known as Sereno, is a town and corregimiento in Renacimiento District, Chiriquí Province, Panama, close to the Costa Rica border.	Río Sereno	Panama
country	The Zazzau, also known as the Zaria Emirate is a traditional state with headquarters in the city of Zaria, Kaduna State, Nigeria.	Zazzau	Nigeria
country	The Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of the city centre of Puerto Princesa, Palawan.	Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park	Philippines	Palawan
country	Spodnji Gaj pri Pragerskem (pronounced (ˈspoːdnji ˈɡaːi̯ pɾi ˈpɾaːɡɛɾskɛm)) is a small settlement just east of Pragersko in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnji Gaj pri Pragerskem	Slovenia
country	San José de Ocoa is the capital of San José de Ocoa province in the Dominican Republic.	San José de Ocoa	Dominican Republic
country	Blyvooruitzicht (Dutch pronunciation: (bleifʊər œyt zəxt)) is a gold-mining village in Gauteng, South Africa.	Blyvooruitzicht	South Africa
country	Gadom (ˈɡadɔm) (German: Wildenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gadom	Poland
country	Stolper See is a lake in Kreis Plön, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Stolper See	Germany
country	Sadhora (Ukrainian: Садгора; Polish: Sadagóra; Romanian: Sadagura; Yiddish: סאדיגורא Sadigora‎, also Sadagura and Sadiger) is a settlement in Ukraine, now a microraion of Chernivtsi city, which is located 6 km from the city center.	Sadhora	Ukraine
country	The Ruahine Range is the largest of several mountain ranges in the North Island of New Zealand that form a ridge running parallel with the east coast of the island between East Cape and Wellington.	Ruahine Range	New Zealand
country	Les Vans (in Occitan Los Vans) commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône-Alpes region of southern France.	Les Vans	France
country	German submarine U-517 was a Type IXC U-boat of the Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft in Hamburg as yard number 313 on 24 September 1940, launched on 30 December 1941 and commissioned on 21 March 1942 with Kapitänleutnant Paul Hartwig in command.	German submarine U-517	Germany
country	University of Benghazi (Arabic: جامعة بنغازي‎), formerly known as the Garyounis University, is a public university in Benghazi, Libya and it's one of the most important institutes of higher education in Libya.	University of Benghazi	Libya
country	Virovsko (Bulgarian: Вировско) is a village in Vratsa Municipality, Vratsa Province, Bulgaria.	Virovsko	Bulgaria
country	Izagre (Spanish pronunciation: (iˈθaɰɾe)) is a village and municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Izagre	Spain
country	Balabac Island is the southern-most island of the Palawan province in the Philippines, only about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north from Sabah, Malaysia, across the Balabac Strait.	Balabac Island	Philippines
country	Qaret Zumaq is a small town in western Egypt.	Qaret Zumaq	Egypt
country	Genterovci (Hungarian: Göntérháza) is a settlement north of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Genterovci	Slovenia
country	Santiago Yaitepec is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico, two kilometers southeast of Santa Catarina Juquila.	Santiago Yaitepec	Mexico
country	For two hundred years Carton House estate was the finest example in Ireland of a Georgian-created parkland landscape.	Carton House	Ireland
country	Serra das Traíras is a mountain range in southern Tocantins, Brazil.	Serra das Traíras	Brazil
country	Mértola (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈmɛɾtulɐ)) is a town and a municipality in southeastern Portugal next to the Spanish border.	Mértola	Portugal
country	The Windsor City Hall is currently home to the Windsor City Council and office of the mayor in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Windsor City Hall	Canada
country	Wyki (ˈvɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozdrażew, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wyki	Poland
country	Khani Abbas (Persian: خاني عباس‎, also Romanized as Khānī ʿAbbās) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khani Abbas	Iran
country	Gras is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.	Gras	France
country	Kokan Cooperative Housing Society is one of the neighborhoods of Gulshan Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Kokan Cooperative Housing Society	Pakistan
country	Antalya Centennial Archery Field (Turkish: Antalya 100. Yıl Okçuluk Sahası) is an archery field located in Antalya, Turkey.	Antalya Centennial Archery Field	Turkey
country	The Sicán National Museum is a museum in Ferreñafe, Peru, which opened in 2004.	Sicán National Museum	Peru
country	Orto-Nakhara (Russian: Орто-Нахара) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Orto-Nakharinsky Rural Okrug of Lensky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 67 kilometers (42 mi) from Lensk, the administrative center of the district.	Orto-Nakhara	Russia
country	Marsa Matruh International Airport, former Mersa Matruh Airport (Arabic: مطار مرسى مطروح الدولي‎) (IATA: MUH, ICAO: HEMM), is an international airport in Mersa Matruh, Egypt.	Marsa Matruh International Airport	Egypt
country	Drzonów ((ˈdʐɔnuf), German: Schlesisch Drehnow, Sorbian: Drjenow) is a village in western Poland, in the administrative district of Świdnica, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship.	Drzonów	Poland
country	Stockholm Olympic Stadium (Swedish: Stockholms Olympiastadion), most often called Stockholms stadion or just Stadion, is a stadium in Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm Olympic Stadium	Sweden
country	Bøler is a south-eastern suburb of Oslo, Norway.	Bøler	Norway
country	It is also likely that the Tolve area was abandoned after Hannibal's arrival in southern Italy, as the first following traces of human presence date to the 1st century BC. Tolve is mentioned for the first time in the Lombard Edictum Rothari.	Tolve	Italy
country	Stewart Crossing is a settlement in Yukon, Canada located on the Stewart River.	Stewart Crossing	Canada
country	Monte Cornizzolo (Insubric Curnisciöö) is a mountain situated in the province of Lecco, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Cornizzolo	Italy
country	Nütschau Priory (in German Kloster Nütschau or Priorat Sankt Ansgar) is a house of the Benedictine Order located at Travenbrück near Bad Oldesloe, Stormarn, Schleswig-Holstein in Germany.	Nütschau Priory	Germany
country	Betla National Park is a national park located in the Chota Nagpur Plateau of the Latehar district of the Indian state of Jharkhand, in India.	Betla National Park	India
country	Ready Records was a small but influential independent record label based out of Toronto, Canada that signed a number of new wave and indie rock bands from the early to mid-1980s.	Ready Records	Canada
country	Veniše (pronounced (ʋɛˈniːʃɛ)) is a settlement southwest of Leskovec in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Veniše	Slovenia
country	Jarosławsko (jarɔˈswafskɔ) (formerly German Gerzlow Nm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Jarosławsko	Poland
country	Great War Island (Serbian: Велико ратно острво, Veliko ratno ostrvo) is a river island in Belgrade, capital of Serbia.	Great War Island	Serbia
country	Eberts Villaby (literally ``Ebert's Villa Town'') is an enclave of late 19th-century detached houses situated just off Amagerbrogade in the otherwise more dense Sundby district on Amager in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Eberts Villaby	Denmark
country	The Strait of Messina Bridge is a long-planned suspension bridge across the Strait of Messina, a narrow section of water between the eastern tip of Sicily and the southern tip of mainland Italy.	Strait of Messina Bridge	Italy
country	Foligno Cathedral (Italian: Basilica Cattedrale di San Feliciano; Duomo di Foligno) is a Roman Catholic cathedral situated on the Piazza della Repubblica in the center of Foligno, Italy.	Foligno Cathedral	Italy
country	Khoun Kong Leng Lake, also Kong Leng Lake, is a lake of Khammouane Province, Laos, located roughly 30 miles north of Thakhek in the Phu Hin Pun foothills.	Khoun Kong Leng Lake	Laos
country	Xirosterni (Greek: Ξηροστέρνι) is a village and a community located in the Apokoronas region close to the northwest coast of the island of Crete, Greece, in Chania regional unit.	Xirosterni	Greece
country	Shehyni (Ukrainian: Шегині, Polish: Szechynie) is a village of Mostyska Raion in Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine.	Shehyni	Ukraine
country	2001 India census, Kanakpur-Kansad had a population of 23567.	Kanakpur-Kansad	India
country	Kantanos-Selino (Greek: Κάντανος-Σέλινο) is a municipality in Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Kantanos-Selino	Greece
country	Haupiri is a locality in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Haupiri	New Zealand
country	The Karlsruhe Pyramid is a pyramid made of red sandstone, located in the centre of the market square of Karlsruhe, Germany.	Karlsruhe Pyramid	Germany
country	Omuthiya Gwiipundi (short: Omuthiya) is the capital of Oshikoto Region in northern Namibia, situated approximately 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from Etosha National Park.	Omuthiya	Namibia
country	The A65 autoroute is a motorway in south west France.	A65 autoroute	France
country	Križišče (pronounced (kɾiˈʒiːʃtʃɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Sevnica in southeastern Slovenia.	Križišče	Slovenia
country	Lapoutroie (German: Schnierlach; Welche: Lè Peutraille) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Lapoutroie	France
country	Parks Victoria is a government agency of the state of Victoria, Australia.	Parks Victoria	Australia
country	Cheshmeh Deraz (Persian: چشمه دراز‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Derāz and Chashmeh Derāz; also known as Kāni Darāz and Kānī Derāz) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Deraz	Iran
country	The Metropolitan Cathedral, Iași (Romanian: Catedrala Mitropolitană din Iaşi), located at 16 Ștefan cel Mare și Sfânt Boulevard, Iaşi, Romania, is the seat of the Romanian Orthodox Archbishop of Iaşi and Metropolitan of Moldavia and Bukovina, and the largest Orthodox church in Romania.	Metropolitan Cathedral, Iași	Romania
country	Vanua Levu (pronounced (βaˈnua ˈleβu)), formerly known as Sandalwood Island, is the second largest island of Fiji.	Vanua Levu	Fiji
country	Stockholm Roller Derby (STRD) is a roller derby league based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm Roller Derby	Sweden
country	The Subansiri Lower Dam, officially named Subansiri Lower Hydroelectric Project (SLHEP), is an under construction gravity dam on the Subansiri River in NorthEastern India.	Subansiri Lower Dam	India
country	Excavations have identified Pereyaslavets with the village of Nufăru, Romania (known as Prislav until 1968), on the Sfântu Gheorghe branch of the Danube, just 11 km east of Tulcea.	Pereyaslavets	Romania
country	Iesi Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in central Italy, which was located near Jesi, in the province of Ancona in Marche.	Iesi Airfield	Italy
country	The Hôtel d'Esmivy de Moissac (a.k.a. Hôtel de Villars) is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône, France.	Hôtel d'Esmivy de Moissac	France
country	Casa Felipó is a historical building in Andorra la Vella, Andorra.	Casa Felipó	Andorra
country	St. Nicholas Church, Demre is an ancient Byzantine Church located in modern-day town of Demre Antalya Province, (Southwest Turkey).	St. Nicholas Church, Demre	Turkey
country	The Afghan Air Force (AAF; Pashto: دافغانستان هوائی ځواک ; Dari: قوای هوائی افغانستان), formerly the Afghan National Air Force, is a branch of the military of Afghanistan that is responsible for air defense and air warfare.	Afghan Air Force	Afghanistan
country	Berasb (Persian: براسب‎, also Romanized as Berāsb) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Berasb	Iran
country	The Bay of Bangkok (Thai: อ่าวกรุงเทพ, rtgs: Ao Krung Thep, Thai pronunciation: (ʔàːw kruŋ tʰêːp)), also known as the Bight of Bangkok, is the northernmost part of the Gulf of Thailand, roughly extending from Hua Hin to the west and Sattahip to the east.	Bay of Bangkok	Thailand
country	Dasht-e Sefa (Persian: دشت صفا‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Şefā) is a village in Berentin Rural District, Bikah District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Sefa	Iran
country	Załuski-Lipniewo (zaˈwuski lipˈɲevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Załuski-Lipniewo	Poland
country	Karuji (Persian: كروجي‎, also Romanized as Karūjī) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Karuji	Iran
country	Kampung Pangaleh is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Kampung Pangaleh	Malaysia
country	Los Mártires (Spanish: The Martyrs) is the 14th locality of Bogotá, capital of Colombia.	Los Mártires	Colombia
country	Maszewo (maˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Massow) is a town in Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,062 inhabitants (2004).	Maszewo	Poland
country	Silampari Airport (IATA: LLG, ICAO: WIPB) is an airport located in Lubuk Linggau, Musi Rawas Regency, South Sumatra, Indonesia.	Silampari Airport	Indonesia
country	Tombelaine is a small tidal island off the coast of Normandy in France.	Tombelaine	France
country	Las Victorias National Park is located in Alta Verapaz, Guatemala, on the north-western outskirts of the city of Cobán (15.477182°N 90.381775°W).	Las Victorias	Guatemala
country	Gorenje Jesenice (German: Oberjessenitz) is a village in the Municipality of Šentrupert in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Jesenice	Slovenia
country	Tiyani is a village situated on the banks of the Middle Letaba Dam in the Hlanganani District of the former Gazankulu homeland and currently form part of the Vhembe District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Tiyani	South Africa
country	Hoseynabad-e Rowshanabad (Persian: حسين اباد روشن اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Rowshanābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Rowshanabad	Iran
country	Modjadjiskloof, also known by its pre-2004 name Duiwelskloof (Afrikaans for Devil's Gorge) is a small town situated at the foot of the escarpment in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Modjadjiskloof	South Africa
country	The Athens Stock Exchange or ASE or ATHEX (Greek: Χρηματιστήριο Αθηνών or ΧΑΑ) is a stock exchange located in Athens, Greece.	Athens Stock Exchange	Greece
country	Belinea monitors were market leader in Germany.	Belinea	Germany
country	Steinbach am Attersee is a municipality of the Vöcklabruck district in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Steinbach am Attersee	Austria
country	Emerald Hill Cricket Ground (also known as the Melbourne Cricket Club Ground and South Yarra Ground) was a cricket ground in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Emerald Hill Cricket Ground	Australia
country	Laguna Celeste is a lake of Bolivia in the Sur Lípez Province, Potosí Department.	Laguna Celeste	Bolivia
country	Mount Tabor (Hebrew: הַר תָּבוֹר, Modern Har Tavor, Tiberian Har Tāḇôr, Arabic: جبل الطور, Jabal aṭ-Ṭūr) is located in Lower Galilee, Israel, at the eastern end of the Jezreel Valley, 11 miles (18 km) west of the Sea of Galilee.	Mount Tabor	Israel
country	Bovino Cathedral (Italian: Concattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Bovino, region of Apulia, Italy.	Bovino Cathedral	Italy
country	The Harz Narrow Gauge Railways (German: Harzer Schmalspurbahnen) or HSB is a network of 1,000 mm (3 ft 3 3⁄8 in) metre gauge railways in the Harz mountains, in central Germany (formerly East Germany).	Harz Narrow Gauge Railways	Germany
country	The Olkaria III Geothermal Power Station, also known as the Olkaria III Geothermal Power Plant is the largest geothermal power plant in Kenya, having an installed electric capacity of 110 MW.	Olkaria III Geothermal Power Station	Kenya
country	Ostereidet Church (Norwegian: Ostereidet kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Ostereidet Church	Norway
country	The Seletar Expressway (Abbreviation: SLE) is a highway in Singapore that traverses the northern end of the island and joins the Central Expressway (CTE) and Tampines Expressway (TPE) in Seletar to the Bukit Timah Expressway (BKE) in Kranji.	Seletar Expressway	Singapore
country	Marassana is a village which given accommodation to the King Sri Wickrama Rajasinghe who ran away secretly due to enemies attack in ((Sri Lanka) formerly known as Ceylon).	Marassana	Sri Lanka
country	The Chasseral is the fourth most topographically isolated mountain of Switzerland, although it is the first when considering only easily accessible summits.	Chasseral	Switzerland
country	Zbure (pronounced (ˈzbuːɾɛ); German: Swur) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Zbure	Slovenia
country	Stora Hammar Old Church (Swedish: Stora Hammars gamla kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in south-western Scania, Sweden.	Stora Hammar Old Church	Sweden
country	The Minaret of Jam is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in western Afghanistan.	Minaret of Jam	Afghanistan
country	K. International School Tokyo (KIST, Kインターナショナルスクール東京 K Intānashonaru Sukūru Tōkyō) is a K-12 secular international school in Tokyo, Japan, founded in 1997.	K. International School Tokyo	Japan
country	Collegium Civitas is a university located in Warsaw, the capital of Poland.	Collegium Civitas	Poland
country	Empordà (Catalan pronunciation: (əmpurˈða)) is a natural and historical region of Catalonia, Spain, divided since 1936 into two comarques, Alt Empordà and Baix Empordà.	Empordà	Spain
country	Paspébiac is a city on Baie des Chaleurs in the Gaspésie region of eastern Quebec, Canada.	Paspébiac	Canada
country	Maria Alm am Steinernen Meer is a municipality in the district of Zell am See, in the state of Salzburg in Austria.	Maria Alm	Austria
country	The Goiana River is a river in Pernambuco state of northeastern Brazil.	Goiana River	Brazil
country	Zuxul (also, Tsukhul'' and Zukhul) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zuxul	Azerbaijan
country	The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world, consisting of the Kantō region of Japan, including the Tokyo Metropolis, as well as the prefecture of Yamanashi.	Greater Tokyo Area	Japan
country	St. Emmeram's Abbey (Kloster Sankt Emmeram or Reichsabtei Sankt Emmeram), now known as Schloss Thurn und Taxis, Schloss St. Emmeram, and St. Emmeram's Basilica, was a Benedictine monastery founded in about 739 in Regensburg in Bavaria (modern southern Germany) at the grave of the itinerant Frankish bishop Saint Emmeram.	St. Emmeram's Abbey	Germany
country	Corazón de Jesús Airport (IATA: CZJ ) is an airport serving Corazón de Jesús, in Panama.	Corazón de Jesús Airport	Panama
country	Villa Flora is an electoral parish (parroquia electorale urban) or district of Quito, Ecuador.	Villa Flora	Ecuador
country	Vicenza Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Santa Maria Annunziata, Duomo di Vicenza) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Vicenza, Veneto, northern Italy.	Vicenza Cathedral	Italy
country	Rurrenabaque is a small town in the North of Bolivia on the Beni River.	Rurrenabaque	Bolivia
country	Khorgam District (Persian: بخش خورگام‎‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khorgam District	Iran
country	Centennial College of Applied Arts and Technology is a diploma and degree granting college located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Centennial College	Canada
country	The Chester Beatty Library was established in Dublin, Ireland in 1950, to house the collections of mining magnate, Sir Alfred Chester Beatty.	Chester Beatty Library	Ireland
country	Navdi (Persian: نوده ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Navdi	Tajikistan
country	Oued Melliz is a town and commune in the Jendouba Governorate in Tunisia.	Oued Melliz	Tunisia
country	The People's Liberation Army took control of Luzhou on December 6, 1949 from the Kuomintang government, two months after the founding of the People's Republic of China.	Luzhou	People's Republic of China
country	Lalibela is a town in northern Ethiopia famous for monolithic rock-cut churches.	Lalibela	Ethiopia
country	Leucate is on the Mediterranean coast of France.	Leucate	France
country	Đurđevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђурђево) is a village located in the Žabalj municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Đurđevo	Serbia
country	The Kapudan Pasha (Ottoman Turkish: قپودان پاشا‎, modern: Kaptan Paşa), was the commander-in-chief of the navy of the Ottoman Empire.	Kapudan Pasha	Ottoman Empire
country	Ho Tung Gardens, also known by its Cantonese name 'Hiu Kok Yuen', was a villa on the Peak, Hong Kong, China.	Ho Tung Gardens	Hong Kong
country	The Vonda Rink is a designated municipal historic property in Vonda, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Vonda Rink	Canada
country	Afidnes (Greek: Αφίδνες, Ancient Greek: Ἄφιδνα or Ἀφίδναι, from the Middle Ages until 1919: Κιούρκα - Kiourka) is a small town in East Attica, Greece.	Afidnes	Greece
country	The Parti Bersatu Sabah (PBS, or United Sabah Party) is a political party in Sabah, Malaysia.	Parti Bersatu Sabah	Malaysia
country	Qahrabad-e Olya (Persian: قهرآباد علیا‎‎, also Romanized as Qahrābād-e Olyā; also known as Qahrābād) is a village in Torjan Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qahrabad-e Olya	Iran
country	Rabwah (Urdu, Punjabi: ربوہ), official name Chenab Nagar (Urdu: چناب نگر‎), is a city in District Chiniot in the province of Punjab, Pakistan.	Rabwah	Pakistan
country	Gyemyeongsan is a mountain located in Chungju, North Chungcheong Province, South Korea.	Gyemyeongsan	South Korea
country	She'eb is a town in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea.	She'eb	Eritrea
country	Yugo-Zapad Municipal Okrug (Russian: муниципа́льный о́круг Ю́го-За́пад) or South-West Municipal Okrug, formerly called Municipal Okrug #37 (муниципа́льный о́круг № 37), is a municipal okrug of Krasnoselsky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia.	Yugo-Zapad Municipal Okrug	Russia
country	Az Zulfi (also Zulfi, Zulfy City or Al Zulfi or Az Zilfi) is a city in Riyadh Province in central Saudi Arabia, about 260 kilometres northwest of Riyadh.	Al Zulfi	Saudi Arabia
country	Andalgalá is a city in the west-center of the province of Catamarca, Argentina, located in a valley near the Sierra de Aconquija, 260 km from the provincial capital San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca.	Andalgalá	Argentina
country	The Rocky Mountains Park Act was enacted on June 23, 1887, by the Parliament of Canada, establishing Banff National Park which was then known as ``Rocky Mountains Park''.	Rocky Mountains Park Act	Canada
country	Koraro is a village in north Ethiopia's Tigray Region, located in the Hawzen woreda, near Hawzen, in a cluster of 11 villages with a total of 55,000 residents.	Koraro	Ethiopia
country	San Antonio de las Vueltas, also known as Vueltas, is a village and consejo popular (``people's council'', i.e. hamlet) in central northern Cuba, belonging to the municipality of Camajuaní, Villa Clara Province.	San Antonio de las Vueltas	Cuba
country	Belemedik is small village in Adana Province, Turkey.	Belemedik	Turkey
country	Risan (pronounced (rîsan), Serbian Cyrillic: Рисан, Albanian: Rizoni, Italian: Risano) is a town in the Bay of Kotor, Montenegro.	Risan	Montenegro
country	Hamish Hay Bridge (also known as Victoria Street Bridge; previously Victoria Bridge and initially variably Papanui Bridge and Market Place Bridge) is located in Victoria Square, Christchurch, New Zealand.	Hamish Hay Bridge	New Zealand
country	Gorbah Dan (Persian: گربه دان‎, also Romanized as Gorbah Dān, Gorbahedān, and Gorbehdān) is a village in Ramkan Rural District, in the Central District of Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gorbah Dan	Iran
country	Mojaver (Persian: مجاور‎, also Romanized as Mojāver; also known as Mījāver) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Mojaver	Iran
country	Deer Park Junior and Senior Public School is a school located in the neighbourhood of Deer Park in Toronto, Canada.	Deer Park Junior and Senior Public School	Canada
country	Many leading banks are located in Gozaria eg. State Bank of India at Main bazar Bank of Baroda at Tower umia mata temple Gozaria Nagrik Sahkari Bank at Main bazar Bank of India at highway ( Dena Bank ) At Gozaria to Gandhinagar Highway There are some atm available	Gozaria	India
country	Slavkov u Brna (Czech pronunciation: (ˈslafkof ˈu br̩na), i.e. Slavkov by Brno; historically known as Austerlitz) is a country town east of Brno in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Slavkov u Brna	Czech Republic
country	Kohila (formerly also Kapa-Kohila, German: Koil, Kappakoil) is a borough (Estonian: alev) in Rapla County, northern Estonia.	Kohila	Estonia
country	Nowe Sadłowo (ˈnɔvɛ sadˈwɔvɔ) (German: Neusedlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nowe Sadłowo	Poland
country	The New Luika Gold Mine is an active mine in the Lupa Gold Field, an area of about 2,600 square kilometres (1,000 sq mi) in south west Tanzania, north of Mbeya, that is known for its gold deposits.	New Luika Gold Mine	Tanzania
country	Bilakhiya Stadium or G. M. Bilakhia Cricket stadium is a cricket ground in Vapi, India.	Bilakhiya Stadium	India
country	Kani Danial (Persian: كاني دانيال‎, also Romanized as Kānī Dānīāl; also known as Kānī Dānīār) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kani Danial	Iran
country	Vujan (Serbian Cyrillic: Вујан) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Gornji Milanovac.	Vujan	Serbia
country	Reddiyur is a village in the Yelagiri Hills near Jolarpet, India.	Reddiyur	India
country	Far Eastern University (FEU) (PSE: FEU) in the University Belt area, West Sampaloc, City of Manila, is a nonsectarian, private university in the Philippines.	Far Eastern University	Philippines
country	Lawngtlai is the district headquarters of Lawngtlai district in the state of Mizoram in India.	Lawngtlai	India
country	Four Mile Bay is a bay on Trout Lake in the city of North Bay, Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Four Mile Bay	Canada
country	Galgisan is a mountain located in Yangpyeong County, Gyeonggi Province, and Hongcheon County, Gangwon Province, South Korea.	Galgisan	South Korea
country	Chhalesar is a village in the block and nagar panchayat of Jawan Sikandarpur, Aligarh district in Northern India.	Chhalesar	India
country	Pian Rural District (Persian: دهستان پيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pian Rural District	Iran
country	North Hsinchu Station (Chinese: 北新竹車站; pinyin: Běi Xīnzhú Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line of Northern Section and Neiwan Line located in East District, Hsinchu City, Taiwan.	North Hsinchu Station	Taiwan
country	Emuruangogolak is an active shield volcano straddling the Gregory Rift in Kenya, in Eastern Africa.	Emuruangogolak	Kenya
country	Christmas Island Airport (IATA: XCH, ICAO: YPXM) is an airport located on Christmas Island, a territory of Australia in the Indian Ocean.	Christmas Island Airport	Australia
country	Lotto 6/49 is one of two national lottery games in Canada.	Lotto 6/49	Canada
country	Zolochiv Castle was a residence of the Sobieski noble family on a hill at the confluence of two small rivers in the south-eastern part of Zolochiv, Galicia (now part of Ukraine's Lviv Oblast).	Zolochiv Castle	Ukraine
country	Tikveš (Macedonian: Тиквеш) is a plain situated in central Republic of Macedonia which is known for an artificial lake.	Tikveš	Macedonia
country	Moradabad Nurali (Persian: مرادآباد نورعلي‎, also Romanized as Morādābād Nūrʿalī; also known as Morādābād) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Moradabad Nurali	Iran
country	Graiseljići (Serbian Cyrillic: Граисељићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Graiseljići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Kopothakho River (Sanskrit), or Kobodak (Bengali: কপোতাক্ষ নদী), Kabadak, or Kapotaksma, is a river of Bangladesh.	Kopothakho River	Bangladesh
country	The Taipa River is a river of the northern Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Taipa River	New Zealand
country	Magwi or Magwe is a town in South Sudan	Magwi	South Sudan
country	Dečno Selo (pronounced (ˈdeːtʃnɔ ˈsɛːlɔ); Slovene: Dečno selo, in older sources also Dečna Sela, German: Detschnasela) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Dečno Selo	Slovenia
country	Dedza is the main township of Dedza District in the Central Region of Malawi.	Dedza	Malawi
country	Hoseynabad-e Ghinab (Persian: حسين ابادغيناب‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Ghīnāb; also known as Ḩasanābād, Ḩoseynābād, Ḩoseynābād-e Ghīāb, and Husainābād) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Ghinab	Iran
country	TransAdelaide was a publicly owned corporation which provided suburban train and tram services in Adelaide, South Australia, under contract to the Government of South Australia.	TransAdelaide	Australia
country	Restronguet Creek is a tidal ria in south Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Restronguet Creek	United Kingdom
country	Darivar (Persian: دريوار‎, also Romanized as Darīvār) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Darivar	Iran
country	The parish of Port of Menteith, area 7226 hectares, had a resident population of 768 in the United Kingdom Census 2001, down from 884 in 1991.	Port of Menteith	United Kingdom
country	Jambyl Region (Kazakh: Жамбыл облысы, Jambıl oblısı) is a region of Kazakhstan.	Jambyl Region	Kazakhstan
country	The Lula oil field (formerly Tupi oil field) is a large oil field located in the Santos Basin, 250 kilometres (160 mi) off the coast of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Lula oil field	Brazil
country	Gampaha District (Sinhalese: ගම්පහ දිස්ත්‍රික්කය gampaha distrikkaya, Tamil: கம்பகா மாவட்டம் Kampakā Māvaṭṭam) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka, the second level administrative division of the country.	Gampaha District	Sri Lanka
country	Diourbel (Serer: Jurbel, Wolof: Njaaréem) is a town in Senegal lying east of Thiès.	Diourbel	Senegal
country	Shiravand Naveh (Persian: شيراوند ناوه‎‎, also Romanized as Shīrāvand Nāveh; also known as Shīrāvand and Nāveh Shīrāvand) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shiravand Naveh	Iran
country	Pirahni (Persian: پيره ني‎, also Romanized as Pīrahnī; also known as Pareh Ney) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pirahni	Iran
country	Górki Średnie (ˈɡurki ˈɕrɛdɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Górki Średnie	Poland
country	Beylikdüzü is a district in the European suburbs of Istanbul, Turkey, located north of the Sea of Marmara, south of Esenyurt, east of Büyükçekmece, and west of Avcılar.	Beylikdüzü	Turkey
country	Mexican Sign Language (``lengua de señas mexicana'' or LSM, also known by several other names), is the language of the Deaf community in the urban regions of Mexico.	Mexican Sign Language	Mexico
country	Azay-le-Rideau (pronounced: (azɛ lə ʁido)) is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.	Azay-le-Rideau	France
country	Kraśniczyn (kraɕˈnit͡ʂɨn) is a village in Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kraśniczyn	Poland
country	Lyakhsh (Persian: لَخش ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Lyakhsh	Tajikistan
country	Quintin Castle is a castle situated in County Down, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom, about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Portaferry.	Quintin Castle	United Kingdom
country	The municipality of Foča-Ustikolina is one of three municipalities forming the Bosnian Podrinje Canton in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Foča-Ustikolina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Haltiala (Finnish), Tomtbacka (Swedish) is a northwestern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Haltiala	Finland
country	Mahmeleh Rural District (Persian: دهستان محمله‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mahmeleh District, Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mahmeleh Rural District	Iran
country	Netiv HaLamed-Heh (Hebrew: נְתִיב הַל``ה, lit. Path of the 35) is a kibbutz in central Israel.	Netiv HaLamed-Heh	Israel
country	Bagh-e Shur (Persian: باغ شور‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Shūr) is a village in Kaki Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Shur	Iran
country	Tritaki (Greek: Τριτάκη) is a neighbourhood in the city of Patras, Achaea, Greece.	Tritaki	Greece
country	Velykyi Kuchuriv (Ukrainian: Великий Кучурів; Romanian: Cuciurul Mare) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Velykyi Kuchuriv	Ukraine
country	Haraze often known as Am Harazé or Haraze Mangueigne is a town and capital of the Haraze Mangueigne Department in the Salamat Region of eastern Chad.	Am Harazé	Chad
country	Jigme Singye Wangchuck National Park (formerly Black Mountains National Park) covers an area of 1,730 square kilometres (670 sq mi) in central Bhutan.	Jigme Singye Wangchuck National Park	Bhutan
country	The University of Montpellier (French: Université de Montpellier) is a French public research university in Montpellier in south-east of France.	University of Montpellier	France
country	Anglo Urdu Boys' High School, Pune, India, is one of the oldest Urdu- and English-language schools in the city.	Anglo Urdu Boys' High School	India
country	The Peerage of England comprises all peerages created in the Kingdom of England before the Act of Union in 1707.	Peerage of England	Kingdom of England
country	Drmanovina (Serbian Cyrillic: Дрмановина) is a mountain in western Serbia, near the town of Kosjerić.	Drmanovina	Serbia
country	Sagban (Persian: سگبان ‎, also Romanized as Sagbān; also known as Seyvan and Sīvān) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sagban	Iran
country	The Elvian School was an independent school in Reading, Berkshire, United Kingdom run by the Licensed Trade Charity as a co-educational, non-denominational Christian school.	Elvian School	United Kingdom
country	The Toga Dam is a gravity dam on the Togagawa River (a tributary of the Shō River) near Omaki village about 11 km (6.8 mi) southeast of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.	Toga Dam	Japan
country	The Humshaugh camp saw 30 invested Boy Scouts from around the United Kingdom who were members of recognised Scout Troops who followed the Scout Method and Scout Law as developed by Baden-Powell and published in his Scouting for Boys.	Humshaugh	United Kingdom
country	Dečkovo Naselje (Slovene: Dečkovo naselje) is a district (mestna četrt) and a neighborhood of the city of Celje in Slovenia.	Dečkovo Naselje	Slovenia
country	Ručetna Vas (pronounced (ˈɾuːtʃɛtna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Ručetna vas, German: Rutschetendorf) is a settlement north of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Ručetna Vas	Slovenia
country	Avdat (Hebrew: עבדת‎, from Arabic: عبدة‎, Abdah), also known as Abdah and Ovdat and Obodat, is a site of a ruined Nabataean city in the Negev desert in southern Israel.	Avdat	Israel
country	The Riverland Biosphere Reserve, formerly the Bookmark Biosphere Reserve, is a 9,000 square kilometres (3,500 sq mi) area of land in eastern South Australia, adjoining the states of New South Wales and Victoria.	Riverland Biosphere Reserve	Australia
country	Les Tours Lépine (also known as The Lépine Towers or Le 1200 Ouest de Maisonneuve) are twin skyscrapers located at 1200 de Maisonneuve Boulevard in the Golden Square Mile neighbourhood of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Lépine Towers	Canada
country	Ons' Lieve Heer op Solder (English: Our Lord in the Attic) is a 17th-century canal house, house church, and museum in the city center of Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	Ons' Lieve Heer op Solder	Netherlands
country	Tranan (English: The Crane) is a steel suspended roller coaster at the Skara Sommarland amusement park in Sweden.	Tranan	Sweden
country	Nameh Shir Rural District (Persian: دهستان نمه شير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Nameh Shir Rural District	Iran
country	Grisuela del Páramo is a village belonging to the Bustillo del Páramo municipality, province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Grisuela del Páramo	Spain
country	Nooriabad is an industrial town in Jamshoro District of Sindh, Pakistan.	Nooriabad	Pakistan
country	Lac d'Arvouin is a lake south of Cornettes de Bise in the Haute-Savoie region of France.	Lac d'Arvouin	France
country	Khartoum International Airport (IATA: KRT, ICAO: HSSS) is an airport in Khartoum, the capital of Sudan.	Khartoum International Airport	Sudan
country	Jois (Hungarian: Nyulas) is a small town in the district of Neusiedl am See in Burgenland in Eastern Austria.	Jois	Austria
country	Szczecin (/ˈʃtʃɛtʃɪn/; Polish pronunciation: (ˈʂt͡ʂɛt͡ɕin); German: Stettin, Swedish: Stettin known also by other alternative names) is the capital city of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland.	Szczecin	Poland
country	Orzysz (ˈɔʐɨʂ) (German: Arys, Lithuanian: Arys) is a town in Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 7,512 inhabitants (2007).	Orzysz	Poland
country	Amden is a municipality in the Wahlkreis (constituency) of See-Gaster, in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	Amden	Switzerland
country	The Municipality of Cerkvenjak (pronounced (tsɛɾkʋɛˈnjaːk); Slovene: Občina Cerkvenjak) is a municipality in northeastern Slovenia.	Municipality of Cerkvenjak	Slovenia
country	Warming Land is a peninsula in northern Greenland, bounded by St George Fjord and Sherard Osborn Fjord.	Warming Land	Greenland
country	Ahvenisto Race Circuit (Finnish: Ahveniston moottorirata) is a motorsport race track located in Hämeenlinna, Finland.	Ahvenisto Race Circuit	Finland
country	Skeleton Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CPQ7), is located 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) west northwest of Skeleton Lake, Ontario, Canada.	Skeleton Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Giriloyo is a locality and graveyard in the Wukirsari valley north east of Imogiri, in southern Central Java or the Yogyakarta region, Indonesia.	Giriloyo	Indonesia
country	Marecka Kolej Dojazdowa (English: Marki Commuter Railway) was a narrow gauge railway in Poland connecting Warsaw with Marki and Radzymin active from 1896 to 1974.	Marecka Kolej Dojazdowa	Poland
country	Babczyzna (bapˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Babczyzna	Poland
country	The County of Merivale is a county located on the southern boundary of the state of Queensland, Australia.	County of Merivale	Australia
country	Kharkov Governorate (Ха́рьковская губе́рния) was a governorate of the Russian Empire originally founded in 1835.	Kharkov Governorate	Russian Empire
country	Narayanpur district (Hindi: नारायणपुर जिला) is one of the 27 districts of Chhattisgarh State in Central India.	Narayanpur district	India
country	Turua is a small village community located on the banks of the Waihou River in the Hauraki Plains, southeast of Auckland in the North Island of New Zealand.	Turua	New Zealand
country	The Padang Besar railway station has Malaysia's only integrated customs, immigration and quarantine facility for Malaysia and Thailand and rail passengers are processed for exiting Malaysia and entering Thailand (or vice versa if traveling the other direction) in the station.	Padang Besar railway station	Malaysia
country	Sela Church (Norwegian: Sela fjellkirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Sela Church	Norway
country	Chom Chaeng (Thai: จอมเเจ้ง) is a village 18 kilometers east of the provincial capital Nong Khai in Nong Khai Province, Thailand.	Chom Chaeng	Thailand
country	Raków Częstochowa is a Polish football club based in Częstochowa, in southern Poland.	Raków Częstochowa	Poland
country	Yekhelqan (Persian: يخلقان‎, also Romanized as Yekhelqān) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yekhelqan	Iran
country	Westfield Parramatta is a shopping centre in Parramatta, a city suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Westfield Parramatta	Australia
country	Mousouroi (Greek: Μουσούροι) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Mousouroi	Greece
country	The Chase Aircraft Company, founded in 1943, was an aircraft manufacturer of the United States of America, primarily constructing gliders and military transport aircraft.	Chase Aircraft	United States of America
country	The Angel Glacier flows down the north face of Mount Edith Cavell in Jasper National Park, Canada.	Angel Glacier	Canada
country	Mbarara University School of Medicine (MUSM), also known as Mbarara University Medical School (MUMS) is the school of medicine of Mbarara University of Science and Technology, one of Uganda's public universities.	Mbarara University School of Medicine	Uganda
country	Pla de Mallorca is a comarca (county) in the middle of the Majorca island, Balearic Islands, Spain.	Pla de Mallorca	Spain
country	Geronthres (Greek: Γερόνθρες, ancient Geronthrae) is a former municipality in Laconia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Geronthres	Greece
country	The 2012 Úrvalsdeild (also known as the ``Pepsi-deild'' for sponsorship reasons) is the 101st season of top-tier football in Iceland.	2012 Úrvalsdeild	Iceland
country	The Middelplaats mine is a mine located in the west of South Africa in Northern Cape.	Middelplaats mine	South Africa
country	Rechnitz (Croatian: Rohunac, Hungarian: Rohonc, Rohoncz, Prekmurian: Rohunc, Romani: Rochonca) is a municipality in Burgenland in the Oberwart district in Austria.	Rechnitz	Austria
country	Armenio (Greek: Αρμένιο) is a village, a former municipality and an ancient city in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Armenio	Greece
country	Hraunhafnartangi is the northernmost point of mainland Iceland.	Hraunhafnartangi	Iceland
country	Medical Intelligence is a Canadian TV show hosted by Terri Michael (currently replacing longtime host Jacqueline Hennessy, who is on maternity leave) that has aired on G4techTV Canada, Rogers TV, and MSNBC since March 2003.	Medical Intelligence	Canada
country	Pump Station 3 Airport is a small airport in the oil complex of Pump Station 3 in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	Pump Station 3 Airport	Saudi Arabia
country	Talas Airport (Kyrgyz: Талас аэропорту, Russian: Таласский аэропорт) (IATA: none (ТЛС), ICAO: UAFT) is an airport serving Talas, a town in Talas Province (oblast) of Kyrgyzstan.	Talas Airport	Kyrgyzstan
country	According to the 2011 census of India, the area administered by the Uthiramerur town panchayat has a population of 25,194, including 12,569 males and 12,625 females.	Uthiramerur	India
country	Middlebury to Her Soldiers is a public artwork by American artists Marshall Jones and Seward Jones, located on the triangle between Merchant's Row and South Pleasant Street in Middlebury, VT, United States of America.	Middlebury to Her Soldiers	United States of America
country	Y Gaer (Latin: Cicucium) is a Roman fort situated near modern-day Brecon in Mid Wales, United Kingdom.	Y Gaer	United Kingdom
country	Limini is a small village in northwestern Greece.	Limini	Greece
country	Debercsény is a village and municipality in the comitat of Nógrád, Hungary.	Debercsény	Hungary
country	The Ward Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Whanganui, New Zealand.	Ward Observatory	New Zealand
country	Chogha Bonut (Persian Choghā bonut) is an archaeological site in south-western Iran, located in the Khuzistan Province (Susiana Plain).	Chogha Bonut	Iran
country	Greek National Road 6 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 6, abbreviated as EO6) is a national road in north-central Greece.	Greek National Road 6	Greece
country	Shangrilá is a coastal resort or residential neighbourhood of the Ciudad de la Costa in the Canelones of Uruguay.	Shangrilá	Uruguay
country	Vikramkhol also spelled Bikramkhol is a prehistoric archaeological site located near Jharsuguda, Odisha state, India and lies in Reserved Forest of Belpahar range, at a distance of 12 k.m.	Vikramkhol	India
country	Shatin Tsung Tsin Secondary School (Chinese: 沙田崇真中學) is a grammar school in Tai Wai, Sha Tin District, Hong Kong.	Shatin Tsung Tsin Secondary School	Hong Kong
country	Fort Ruychaver, also Fort Ruijghaver, was a Dutch trading post in the hinterland of the Gold Coast, in contemporary Ghana.	Fort Ruychaver	Ghana
country	Kleinsee Airport or Kleinzee Airport (IATA: KLZ, ICAO: FAKZ) is an airport serving Kleinzee (also spelled Kleinsee), a town in the Northern Cape province in South Africa.	Kleinzee Airport	South Africa
country	Mirgor became SEVEL's supplier of auto air conditioners, beginning with the Peugeot 504 manufactured in Argentina at the time.	Mirgor	Argentina
country	Céüse (French: Montagne de Céüse) is a mountain in the Hautes-Alpes département of France, elevation 2016 m. It is situated in the territories of the communes of Manteyer, Pelleautier and Châteauneuf-d'Oze.	Céüse	France
country	The Skovshoved Petrol Station (Danish: Skovshoved Tankstation) is a historic, still-operating filling station in Skovshoved at the northern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Skovshoved Petrol Station	Denmark
country	The Military Demarcation Line (MDL), sometimes referred to as the Armistice Line, is the land border or demarcation line between North Korea and South Korea.	Military Demarcation Line	North Korea	South Korea
country	Ķoņi parish (Latvian: Ķoņu pagasts) is an administrative unit of Naukšēni Municipality, Latvia.	Ķoņi parish	Latvia
country	Black Forest Airport (IATA: LHA, ICAO: EDTL) is a privately owned and operated commercial airport located in Lahr, Germany, which itself is located in the eponymous Black Forest.	Black Forest Airport	Germany
country	Inayat Qilla (Inayat Killi) is the second largest trading town in Bajaur Agency, of Pakistan.	Inayat Qilla	Pakistan
country	Niambit (Persian: نيام بيت‎, also Romanized as Nīāmbīt; also known as Nāmbīt) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Niambit	Iran
country	Bonaero Park is a southeastern suburb of Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni, in Gauteng province, South Africa.	Bonaero Park	South Africa
country	Mehan Garden is an open space in Manila, Philippines.	Mehan Garden	Philippines
country	The Arena das Dunas (``Dunes Arena'') is a football stadium in Natal, Brazil.	Arena das Dunas	Brazil
country	Arkadak (Russian: Аркада́к) is a town and the administrative center of Arkadaksky District in Saratov Oblast, Russia, located on the Bolshoy Arkadak River near its confluence with the Khopyor, 248 kilometers (154 mi) west of Saratov, the administrative center of the oblast.	Arkadak	Russia
country	According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, Fishguard had 3,193 inhabitants and 1,465 households.	Fishguard	United Kingdom
country	Osmond Memorial Church, previously it was known as Wesleyan Methodist Church is a Church located at 56, S. N. Banerjee Road, Taltola, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Osmond Memorial Church	India
country	Long Anap is a longhouse and settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Anap	Malaysia
country	Mont-Tremblant/Lac Ouimet Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CST9), was located on Lac Ouimet near Mont-Tremblant, Quebec, Canada.	Mont-Tremblant/Lac Ouimet Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Members of the Calvi di Bergolo line include General Giorgio Carlo Calvi di Bèrgolo (1887--1977), consort of Princess Yolanda of Savoy, sister of Umberto II, the last king of Italy;	Bergolo	Italy
country	The German Swiss International School (GSIS) is an international school in Hong Kong established in 1969 by German and Swiss families looking for a bilingual German-English education in an international setting.	German Swiss International School	Hong Kong
country	The South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Secretariat is a complex located in Kathmandu, the state capital of Nepal.	South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Secretariat	Nepal
country	The Journal Pioneer is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Journal Pioneer	Canada
country	Elderslie Station, also known as Elderslie, is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep and cattle station in Queensland, Australia.	Elderslie Station	Australia
country	Poi-dong is a former neighbourhood, dong of Gangnam-gu in Seoul, South Korea until December 31, 2007.	Poi-dong	South Korea
country	Kilnasoolagh (Irish: Cill Átha na Súileach) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland, and a townland within that parish.	Kilnasoolagh	Ireland
country	Alénya (Catalan: Alenyà) is a commun in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Alénya	France
country	The Reform Party of Ontario (RPO) (PRO; French: Parti Réformiste de l'Ontario) is a deregistered political party in Ontario, Canada.	Reform Party of Ontario	Canada
country	Al-Assad Military Academy (Arabic: أكاديمية الأسد للهندسة العسكرية‎), also known as the Academy of Military Engineering is a military educational and tranining institution in Aleppo, Syria.	Al-Assad Military Academy	Syria
country	Harøy Church (Norwegian: Harøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Harøy Church	Norway
country	Thermopylae (/θərˈmɒpɨliː/; Ancient and Katharevousa Greek: Θερμοπύλαι (tʰermopýlai), Demotic: Θερμοπύλες (θermoˈpiles): ``hot gates'') is a place in Greece where a narrow coastal passage existed in antiquity.	Thermopylae	Greece
country	Mazraeh-ye Asgariyeh (Persian: مزرعه عسگريه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye ʿAsgarīyeh) is a village in Emamzadeh Aqaali Abbas Rural District, Emamzadeh District, Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Asgariyeh	Iran
country	Kossowa (kɔsˈsɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kossowa	Poland
country	Jøssund Church (Norwegian: Jøssund kirke) is a church in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Jøssund Church	Norway
country	Arena Lublin is a football stadium located in Lublin, Poland.	Arena Lublin	Poland
country	Natashquan (Lac de l'Avion) Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSY8), is a private airport located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) southeast of Natashquan, Quebec, Canada.	Natashquan (Lac de l'Avion) Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Lega Nord Trieste (English: Northern League Trieste) was a regionalist political party in Italy.	Lega Nord Trieste	Italy
country	Tornagaleones River (Spanish: Río Tornagaleones) is a river and eastuarine channel in Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Tornagaleones River	Chile
country	Baghdada (Urdu: بغدادہ‎)(Pashto:بغدادہ) is a town of Mardan District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Baghdada	Pakistan
country	Ganja International Airport (Azerbaijani: Gəncə Beynəlxalq Hava Limanı) (IATA: KVD, ICAO: UBBG) is an airport serving Ganja (also known as Gyandzha), the second-largest city in Azerbaijan.	Ganja International Airport	Azerbaijan
country	Cheduba Island (Burmese: မာန်အောင်ကျွန်း; also known as Manaung Island) is an island in the Bay of Bengal close to Ramree Island and belongs to Myanmar, formerly Burma.	Cheduba Island	Myanmar
country	Khani Beyk (Persian: خاني بيك‎, also Romanized as Khānī Beyḵ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Khani Beyk	Iran
country	Barðsneshorn is the extreme end of Barðsnes in the east of Iceland.	Barðsneshorn	Iceland
country	Bayil (Azerbaijani: Bayıl; also known as Bailovo) is a settlement in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Bayil	Azerbaijan
country	Ścinawa Nyska (ɕt͡ɕiˈnava ˈnɨska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ścinawa Nyska	Poland
country	Dahaneh Morghak (Persian: دهنه مرغك‎; also known as Dahaneh and Dahneh) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dahaneh Morghak	Iran
country	Debre Berhan or Birhan, formerly spelled Debra-Berhan or Bernam, is a city and woreda in central Ethiopia.	Debre Berhan	Ethiopia
country	The Coastal cliffs between Porto Mosquito and Baia do Inferno Important Bird Area lies on the island of Santiago in the Cape Verde archipelago off the coast of north-west Africa in the Atlantic Ocean.	Coastal cliffs between Porto Mosquito and Baia do Inferno Important Bird Area	Cape Verde
country	Chemnitz Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in Chemnitz in Germany.	Chemnitz Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Kulionys is a village in Lithuania (Molėtai district municipality), near Molėtai, mostly famous for its Molėtai Astronomical Observatory and Lithuanian Museum of Ethnocosmology.	Kulionys	Lithuania
country	Marratxí is a municipality in the Raiguer region of Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands of Spain.	Marratxí	Spain
country	Zagozd (ˈzaɡɔst) (German: Neu Schönwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Zagozd	Poland
country	Mian Banda ( Syed Abad ) is a village and small town of Tehsil Timergara, Lower Dir District in Pakistan.	Mian Banda	Pakistan
country	Also kodumudi is an tourism spot holly kaveri river and Magudeswarar temple in Kodumudi attracts thousands of pilgrims daily across South India.	Kodumudi	India
country	Krušni Vrh (pronounced (ˈkɾuːʃni ˈʋəɾx)) is a small settlement in the hills west of Trebnje in the Lower Carniola region of Slovenia.	Krušni Vrh	Slovenia
country	Alang became the centre of an international controversy when the Supreme Court of India temporarily prohibited the French aircraft carrier Clemenceau from entering the port in January 2006.	Alang	India
country	Siatista (Greek: Σιάτιστα) is a town and a former municipality in Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Siatista	Greece
country	Tsavo East National Park is one of the oldest and largest parks in Kenya at 13,747 square kilometres.	Tsavo East National Park	Kenya
country	Western Channel Pile Light, also known as the West Wedding Cake due to its shape, is an active pile lighthouse located at the Sydney Harbour, New South Wales, Australia, off Georges Head at Mosman.	Western Channel Pile Light	Australia
country	The Mont Pèlerin TV Tower is a transmission tower situated on Mont Pèlerin in the area of Chardonne, north of Vevey and is the only TV tower of Switzerland equipped with an observation deck, which is accessible by an elevator.	Mont Pèlerin TV Tower	Switzerland
country	Achilles '29 is a football club from Groesbeek in the Netherlands.	Achilles '29	Netherlands
country	Chavakachcheri railway station is a railway station in the town of Chavakachcheri in northern Sri Lanka.	Chavakachcheri railway station	Sri Lanka
country	Michael Jordan's Restaurant was a multi-level restaurant and sports bar located at 500 N. LaSalle Street in Chicago, Illinois, United States of America.	Michael Jordan's Restaurant	United States of America
country	Humaitá is a town and distrito on the Paraguay River in southern Paraguay.	Humaitá	Paraguay
country	Berat County (Albanian: Qarku i Beratit) is one of the 12 counties of Albania.	Berat County	Albania
country	Mosiny (mɔˈɕinɨ) (Kashubian: Mòsënë; German Mossin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mosiny	Poland
country	Ross River Airport (IATA: XRR, ICAO: CYDM) is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) south of Ross River, Yukon, Canada.	Ross River Airport	Canada
country	Also in 1942, in the New York-based magazine Modern Mexico the first advertisement for a Puerto Vallarta vacation appeared, sponsored by the Air Transport Company of Jalisco.	Puerto Vallarta	Mexico
country	The Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (English: Central Bank of the Philippines; commonly abbreviated as BSP in both Filipino and English) is the central bank of the Philippines.	Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas	Philippines
country	The New Patriotic Party (NPP) is a liberal democratic and liberal conservative party, and one of the two dominant parties in Ghana politics.	New Patriotic Party	Ghana
country	Millesgården is an art museum and sculpture garden, located on the island of Lidingö in Stockholm, Sweden.	Millesgården	Sweden
country	Podgorje pri Pišecah (pronounced (pɔdˈɡoːɾjɛ pɾi piˈʃeːtsax)) is a settlement in the hills west of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Podgorje pri Pišecah	Slovenia
country	IFK Kungälv is a sports club in Kungälv in Sweden, founded in 1940, and mostly concentrated on the sport of bandy.	IFK Kungälv	Sweden
country	The PRITV is a High-rise building in Szczecin, Poland, which belongs to Telewizja Polska.	PRITV	Poland
country	Real Carenero is an old shipyard located in Puerto Real in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Real Carenero	Spain
country	Kovachitsa (Bulgarian: Ковачица) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria.	Kovachitsa	Bulgaria
country	Pamanbar (Persian: پامنبر‎, also Romanized as Pāmanbar) is a village in Karian Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pamanbar	Iran
country	Udine Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Udine, Cattedrale di Santa Maria Maggiore) is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Udine, north-eastern Italy.	Udine Cathedral	Italy
country	The Heaphy Track is a popular tramping track in the north west of the South Island of New Zealand.	Heaphy Track	New Zealand
country	Khirbet Ghazi (Arabic: خربة غازي‎) is a village in western Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, southwest of Homs.	Khirbet Ghazi	Syria
country	After a three-month transition of container operations from Abu Dhabi's Zayed Port, Abu Dhabi Ports' Khalifa Port was officially inaugurated by the President of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan on 12 December 2012.	Khalifa Port	United Arab Emirates
country	Wola Duża-Kolonia (ˈvɔla ˈduʐa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Duża-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Modane Underground Laboratory (LSM) (French: Laboratoire Souterrain de Modane; also known as the Fréjus Underground Laboratory) is a subterranean particle physics laboratory located within the Fréjus Road Tunnel near Modane, France.	Modane Underground Laboratory	France
country	Lechouri (Greek: Λεχούρι) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece.	Lechouri	Greece
country	Heurne is a neighbourhood in the municipality of Aalten, near Aalten (Achterhoek region) in the eastern Netherlands with a population of around 500 inhabitants.	Heurne	Netherlands
country	The Wilkin River is a river in the Makarora region of New Zealand, flowing into Lake Wanaka.	Wilkin River	New Zealand
country	Olavinlinna (Swedish: Olofsborg; literally St. Olaf's Castle, see Olaf II of Norway) is a 15th-century three-tower castle located in Savonlinna, Finland.	Olavinlinna	Finland
country	The Ariëns Kappers Medal is a scientific honor named after the Dutch neurologist Cornelius Ubbo Ariëns Kappers, the first director of the Netherlands Central Institute for Brain Research (Nederlands Instituut voor Hersenonderzoek), now the Netherlands Institute for Neuroscience, from 1909-1946.	Ariëns Kappers Medal	Netherlands
country	St. Crispin's reef is an elongate outer-shelf coral reef in the Great barrier reef, Australia.	St. Crispin's reef	Australia
country	Sanginabad (Persian: سنگين آباد‎, also Romanized as Sangīnābād) is a village in Badr Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sanginabad	Iran
country	Jagodina (Serbian Cyrillic: Јагодина (jâɡodina)) is a city located in Serbia, 136 kilometres (85 miles) south of Belgrade, on the banks of Belica River.	Jagodina	Serbia
country	Business School Lausanne (BSL) is a private business school located in Lausanne, Switzerland, and is part of the Lemania Group of Swiss Private Schools.	Business School Lausanne	Switzerland
country	The Sol Plaatje Museum and Library is in Kimberley, Northern Cape, South Africa, in a house where Solomon T. Plaatje lived during his last years at 32 Angel Street, Malay Camp.	Sol Plaatje Museum	South Africa
country	Bogurzyn (bɔˈɡuʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bogurzyn	Poland
country	Jelovci (Pale) (Serbian: Јеловци) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Jelovci (Pale)	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bocot Island (variously Bocot Islet) is a small island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Bocot Island	Philippines
country	The Batu Tiga Komuter station is a KTM Komuter train station located in Batu Tiga, Selangor, Malaysia and served by the Sentul-Port Klang Route.	Batu Tiga Komuter station	Malaysia
country	Zanjan University of Medical Sciences is public medical sciences university located in Zanjan, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zanjan University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	The National Centre for Public Administration and Local Government (Greek: Εθνικό Κέντρο Δημόσιας Διοίκησης και Αυτοδιοίκησης, ΕΚΔΔΑ) is the strategic agency of Greece for the training and education of public servants and Local Government employees.	National Centre for Public Administration and Local Government	Greece
country	Praça dos Três Poderes (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpɾasɐ dus ˈtɾes poˈdeɾis), Three Powers Plaza) is a plaza in Brasília, the capital of Brazil.	Praça dos Três Poderes	Brazil
country	Allahpur (Hindi:अल्लाहपुर) is a locality/township of Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Allahpur	India
country	Wasgamuwa National Park is a natural park in Sri Lanka situated in the Matale and Polonnaruwa Districts .	Wasgamuwa National Park	Sri Lanka
country	Cambridge Elementary School, located in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada, is an elementary school and is a member of the local School District 36 Surrey.	Cambridge Elementary School	Canada
country	Kashtag-e Dastgerd (Persian: كاشتاگ دستگرد‎, also Romanized as Kāshtāg-e Dastgerd) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kashtag-e Dastgerd	Iran
country	Jurong Island Highway (Chinese: 裕廊岛大道; Malay: Lebuhraya Pulau Jurong; Tamil: ஜூரோங் தீவு விரைவுச்சாலை) is a major highway in Singapore which links Jurong Pier Road in Jurong Port of the main island to Jurong Island.	Jurong Island Highway	Singapore
country	Kerapa is an Iban longhouse in Betong, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Kerapa	Malaysia
country	The South Euboean Gulf (Greek: Νότιος Ευβοϊκός Κόλπος, Notios Evvoïkos Kolpos) is a gulf in Central Greece, between the island of Euboea and the Greek mainland.	South Euboean Gulf	Greece
country	Preserje pri Radomljah (pronounced (preˈsɛːrjɛ pri ˈraːdɔmljax)) is a suburbanized settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Preserje pri Radomljah	Slovenia
country	Kariba Airport (IATA: KAB, ICAO: FVKB) is an international airport serving Kariba, Mashonaland West Province, Zimbabwe.	Kariba Airport	Zimbabwe
country	Middle East College (MEC) is a higher education institution in the Sultanate of Oman with over 5500 students.	Middle East College	Oman
country	Ambohitompoina is a town and commune in Madagascar.	Ambohitompoina	Madagascar
country	Hegyeshalom (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈhɛɟɛʃ.hɒlom)) is a village of approximately 3600 inhabitants in the Győr-Moson-Sopron county of Hungary, on the border with Austria and less than 15 km from the border with Slovakia.	Hegyeshalom	Hungary
country	Pissouri is a village located in Limassol's district, Cyprus (thirty kilometres westwards of Limassol's centre), between Limassol and Paphos.	Pissouri	Cyprus
country	Weapons of Honour (French: Armes d'honneur) are ceremonial weapons awarded for service or assistance to France.	Weapons of Honour	France
country	The Electric Railways Museum of Piraeus (Greek: Μουσείο Ηλεκτρικών Σιδηροδρόμων or Μουσείο ΗΣΑΠ) is a railway museum in Piraeus, Greece.	Electric Railways Museum of Piraeus	Greece
country	Novokubansk (Russian: Новокуба́нск) is a town and the administrative center of Novokubansky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Kuban River.	Novokubansk	Russia
country	Lujhu District (Chinese: 路竹區; Hanyu Pinyin: Lùzhú Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Lùjhú Cyu; Wade--Giles: Lu4-chu2 Ch'ü1) is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Lujhu District	Taiwan
country	Kemi railway station (in Finnish: Kemin rautatieasema) is located in the town of Kemi in the Lapland Province of Finland.	Kemi railway station	Finland
country	Zarjabad (Persian: زرج اباد‎, also Romanized as Zarjābād and Zarajābād; also known as Zaianjua, Zarandzhua, and Zeyānjūyeh) is a village in Zarjabad Rural District, Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Zarjabad	Iran
country	Osinovetsky Light (Russian: Осиновецкий маяк) is an active lighthouse in Lake Ladoga, in Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Osinovetsky Light	Russia
country	Turukhansk Airport (IATA: THX, ICAO: UOTT) is an airport in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia located 2 km west of Turukhansk.	Turukhansk Airport	Russia
country	Spitzen Gebel (literally: ``pointed gable'') is a historic building in the centre of Bremen, Germany, located at No. 1, Hinter dem Schütting.	Spitzen Gebel	Germany
country	Staroguby (starɔˈɡubɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Staroguby	Poland
country	Zelfana (Arabic: زلفانة‎) is a town and commune, coextensive with Zelfana District, in Ghardaïa Province, Algeria.	Zelfana	Algeria
country	Norg is a small, very old village in the northeastern Netherlands.	Norg	Netherlands
country	Carleton Village is a neighbourhood in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Carleton Village	Canada
country	Ken-Suu Game Reserve is a specially protected area located in Tup District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Ken-Suu Game Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	Adldorf is a village in the municipality of Eichendorf in Dingolfing-Landau district of Germany.	Adldorf	Germany
country	Makhnyovo (Russian: Махнёво) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Alapayevsky District of Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia.	Makhnyovo	Russia
country	Sirmilik National Park (; Inuktitut: ``the place of glaciers'') is a protected area located in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada, established in 2001.	Sirmilik National Park	Canada
country	Čestobrodica is a village in the municipality of Požega, western Serbia.	Čestobrodica	Serbia
country	The Main Square Festival is an annual international music festival organized by Live Nation which takes place in the first week-end of July in Arras, France.	Main Square Festival	France
country	Fugug is a long chain of mountains in East Ethiopia that runs from Arba Gugu (west) to Jijjiga in the east, and is called by geographers as Ahmar Mountains.	Fugug	Ethiopia
country	Dragsholm Castle () is a historic building in Zealand, Denmark.	Dragsholm Castle	Denmark
country	Chabet el Ameur (Arabic: شعبة العامر‎, Kabyle: Tacɛabet) is a town and commune in Boumerdès Province, Algeria.	Chabet el Ameur	Algeria
country	Wirginowo (virɡiˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wirginowo	Poland
country	Gryneion is an ancient city near Aliağa in İzmir province of Turkey in western Anatolia.	Gryneion	Turkey
country	Aude (French: (od); Occitan: (ˈawðe)) is a department in south-central France named after the river Aude.	Aude	France
country	Kielce Power Station (Polish: Elektrociepłownia Kielce) is a coal-fired combined power and heat plant at Kielce, Poland.	Kielce Power Station	Poland
country	Bácsszőlős (Croatian: Prlković, also Perleković and Crvena šuma) is a village and municipality in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.	Bácsszőlős	Hungary
country	Extension Gunners FC are a Botswana football club based in Lobatse.	Extension Gunners	Botswana
country	Khajeh Nasir Toosi University of Technology (KNTU) (Persian: دانشگاه صنعتی خواجه نصيرالدين طوسی‎‎), also known as K. N. Toosi University of Technology, is a public university in Tehran, Iran, named after medieval Persian scholar Khajeh Nasir Toosi.	K. N. Toosi University of Technology	Iran
country	The Bronze Age town of Tuttul is identified with the archaeological site of Tell Bi'a in Ar-Raqqah Governorate, northern Syria.	Tuttul	Syria
country	Uzungöl (English: Long Lake, Romeyka: Şaraho) is a lake situated to the south of the city of Trabzon, in the Çaykara district of Trabzon Province, Turkey.	Uzungöl	Turkey
country	Ziarat-e Jangal (Persian: زيارت جنگل‎, also Romanized as Zīārat-e Jangal) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ziarat-e Jangal	Iran
country	The Penrith Whitewater Stadium is located near Sydney, Australia.	Penrith Whitewater Stadium	Australia
country	The New Democratic Spirit (Albanian: Fryma e Re Demokratike) is a center-right, conservative, political party in Albania.	New Democratic Spirit	Albania
country	Gorenje Skopice (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ skɔˈpiːtsɛ); German: Oberskopiz) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Skopice	Slovenia
country	Girkan (Persian: گيركن‎, also Romanized as Gīrkān; also known as Gīrgān) is a village in Bajgan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Girkan	Iran
country	Ørstafjorden is a fjord in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Ørstafjorden	Norway
country	The Canal de Savières is a canal in western France.	Canal de Savières	France
country	Students of Pan Pipers Music School have won numerous awards and trophies at the biennial Trinidad & Tobago Music Festival and have launched successful careers in music both in Trinidad and Tobago and abroad.	Pan Pipers Music School	Trinidad & Tobago
country	Ilijaš (Илијаш) is a town and municipality located north-east of the inner city of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ilijaš	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hrib pri Hinjah (pronounced (ˈxɾiːp pri ˈxiːnjax)) is a small settlement just east of Hinje in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Hrib pri Hinjah	Slovenia
country	Al-Shaheed Monument (Arabic: نصب الشهيد‎), also known as the Martyr's Memorial, is a monument in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, dedicated to the Iraqi soldiers who died in the Iraq-Iran war.	Al-Shaheed Monument	Iraq
country	Migonys is a village in the Kupiškis district municipality, Lithuania.	Migonys	Lithuania
country	The Mingun Pahtodawgyi (မင်းကွန်းပုထိုးတော်ကြီး, IPA: (mɪ́ɴɡʊ́ɴ patʰóu dɔ̀ dʑí)) is an incomplete monument stupa in Mingun, approximately 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northwest of Mandalay in Sagaing Region in central Myanmar (formerly Burma).	Mingun Pahtodawgyi	Myanmar
country	Qafqaz University (Azerbaijani: Qafqaz Universiteti; the name translates as Caucasus University) is a private university located in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Qafqaz University	Azerbaijan
country	Stare Bogaczowice (ˈstarɛ bɔɡat͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Altreichenau) is a village in Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland.	Stare Bogaczowice	Poland
country	Agats is a town in Asmat Regency, Papua, Indonesia and the administrative center of the Asmat Regency.	Agats	Indonesia
country	Tervakosken Pato (abbreviated Pato) is a football club from Tervakoski, Janakkala, Finland.	Tervakosken Pato	Finland
country	Barysiai Airport (Lithuanian: Barysių aerodromas) (ICAO: EYSB) is an airport in Barysiai, a village in the Joniškis district municipality of Šiauliai County in northern Lithuania.	Barysiai Airport	Lithuania
country	Kraków Old Town is the historic central district of Kraków, Poland.	Kraków Old Town	Poland
country	Azilone-Ampaza (Azilonu è Àmpaza in Corsican: pronounced (a.d͡zi.ˈlɔ̃.nɛ ˈɑ̃ɱ.pa.d͡za)) is a French commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.	Azilone-Ampaza	France
country	Fiq District (Arabic: منطقة فيق, translit.: manṭiqat Fiq) is a district of the Quneitra Governorate in southern Syria, which has partly been under Israeli occupation since 1967.	Fiq District	Syria
country	George S. Henry Academy is a semestered high school in Toronto, Canada.	George S. Henry Academy	Canada
country	Gołasze-Dąb (ɡɔˈwaʂɛ ˈdɔmp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gołasze-Dąb	Poland
country	Ban Monikesh (Persian: بن مني كش‎, also Romanized as Ban Monīkesh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ban Monikesh	Iran
country	Rogačice (pronounced (ɾɔɡaˈtʃiːtsɛ); in older sources also Rogačica) is a small village in the hills south of Boštanj in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Rogačice	Slovenia
country	The Betzenberg Wildlife Park (German: Wildpark am Betzenberg) in Kaiserslautern, Germany, was founded in 1970 with the aim of enabling the population to observe native species of animals - including those that used to live wild around Kaiserslautern but are no longer native there today.	Betzenberg Wildlife Park	Germany
country	Krishna Kanta Handiqui State Open University (Assamese: কৃষ্ণকান্ত সন্দিকৈ ৰাজ্যিক মুক্ত বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) is a state university in Guwahati, Assam, India.	Krishna Kanta Handiqui State Open University	India
country	The Taipei Metro Huilong Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Xinzhuang, New Taipei City, and Guishan District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Huilong Station	Taiwan
country	Qareh Bughaz (Persian: قره بوغاز‎, also Romanized as Qareh Būghāz; also known as Qarah Būghār) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qareh Bughaz	Iran
country	Cimoszki (t͡ɕiˈmɔʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cimoszki	Poland
country	Chal Asteran (Persian: چال استران‎, also Romanized as Chāl Āsterān) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Asteran	Iran
country	Pelči parish (Latvian: Pelču pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Kuldīga Municipality, Latvia.	Pelči parish	Latvia
country	Chylin Wielki (ˈxɨlin ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Chylin Wielki	Poland
country	Palangerd (Persian: پلنگرد‎) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Palangerd	Iran
country	The White Factory (Polish: Biała Fabryka) is the classicist building in Łódź, Poland, constructed in 1835-1839 to host a textile factory which belonged to Ludwik Geyer.	White Factory	Poland
country	Lincheng County (simplified Chinese: 临城县; traditional Chinese: 臨城縣; pinyin: Línchéng Xiàn) is a county of southwestern Hebei province, People's Republic of China, in the foothills of the Taihang Mountains.	Lincheng County	People's Republic of China
country	Hrenovice (pronounced (ˈxɾeːnɔʋitsɛ); Italian: Crenovizza) is a settlement west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hrenovice	Slovenia
country	Oblapy (Ukrainian: Облапи; Polish: Obłapy) is a village in Volyn Oblast, located in north-western Ukraine.	Oblapy	Ukraine
country	Volhynian-Podolian Upland (Ukrainian: Волинсько-Поділська височина) is a system of uplands in West Ukraine and Right-bank Ukraine.	Volhynian-Podolian Upland	Ukraine
country	Jabal Kumar is a mountain located in Iraq.	Jabal Kumar	Iraq
country	Phủ Lý is the capital city of Hà Nam Province of Vietnam 60 km south of Hanoi on the river Đáy.	Phủ Lý	Vietnam
country	Kapugaz (Persian: كپوگز‎, also Romanized as Kapūgaz; also known as Kafūgaz and Kafūzak) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kapugaz	Iran
country	Małomierzyce (mawɔmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Małomierzyce	Poland
country	Magah Taneh Morad (Persian: مگه تنه مراد‎, also Romanized as Magah Taneh Morād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Magah Taneh Morad	Iran
country	Tuf Chendar Magher (Persian: طوف چندارماغر‎, also Romanized as Ţūf Chendār Māgher) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tuf Chendar Magher	Iran
country	Selander Bridge is a bridge in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania that connects the city centre to the northern Oyster Bay neighbourhood.	Selander Bridge	Tanzania
country	Hotspring Island, originally named in English as Volcanic Island and known in the Haida language as G̱andll K'in Gwaayaay (``Hot-Water-Island''), is a small island near the southeast coast of Lyell Island in the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Hotspring Island	Canada
country	Schleswig-Holstein Farmers and Farmworkers Democracy (German: Schleswig-Holsteinische Bauern- und Landarbeiterdemokratie) (later known as the Schleswig-Holstein Regional Party (German: Schleswig-Holsteinische Landespartei)) was a regional agrarian political party based in Schleswig-Holstein during the Weimar Republic.	Schleswig-Holstein Farmers and Farmworkers Democracy	Weimar Republic
country	Sydenham Heritage Church, originally known as the Colombo Street Methodist Church or Colombo Street Wesleyan Church or Colombo Road Wesleyan Church was a heritage-listed stone church building located in Sydenham, an inner suburb Christchurch, New Zealand.	Sydenham Heritage Church	New Zealand
country	Nuoragana (Russian: Нуорагана) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Zhabylsky Rural Okrug of Megino-Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 76 kilometers (47 mi) from Mayya, the administrative center of the district.	Nuoragana	Russia
country	Stadelheim Prison, in Munich's Giesing district, is one of the largest prisons in Germany.	Stadelheim Prison	Germany
country	Oshikuku is a town in Omusati Region in the north of Namibia.	Oshikuku	Namibia
country	One definition, by the East Java Provincial Regulation No.4/1996, equates Gerbangkertosusila with the Surabaya Metropolitan Area surrounding Surabaya, entirely in East Java province, Indonesia.	Gerbangkertosusila	Indonesia
country	Yanoshi (Ukrainian: Яноші, Hungarian: Makkosjánosi ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Yanoshi	Ukraine
country	The National Integrated College (NIC) is a private higher secondary institution in Kathmandu, Nepal.	National Integrated College	Nepal
country	The Central Nova Scotia Correctional Facility is a large prison in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, located in Burnside Industrial Park, Dartmouth.	Central Nova Scotia Correctional Facility	Canada
country	Welschneudorf is an Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- and a Luftkurort (``air health resort'') in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Welschneudorf	Germany
country	Termoelektrana (Cyrillic: Термоелектрана) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Termoelektrana	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Nedre Veikvatnet (Lule Sami: Vuolep Viejekjávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.	Nedre Veikvatnet	Norway
country	St Pinnock (Cornish: Sen Pynnek) is a hamlet and civil parish in southeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Pinnock	United Kingdom
country	Chalan Beel (Bengali: চলনবিল) is a wetland in Bangladesh.	Chalan Beel	Bangladesh
country	Phinda Private Game Reserve, formerly known as Phinda Resource Reserve, is a 170 km² private game reserve situated in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa between the Mkuze Game Reserve and the Greater St. Lucia Wetland Park.	Phinda Private Game Reserve	South Africa
country	Leeds Town Hall is one of the largest town halls in the United Kingdom and as of 2008 it is the eighth tallest building in Leeds.	Leeds Town Hall	United Kingdom
country	Khalifeh Gavabar (Persian: خليفه گوابر‎, also Romanized as Khalīfeh Gavābar, Khalīfeh Gavāber, and Khalīfehgovāber) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khalifeh Gavabar	Iran
country	Rostov-Glavny (Russian: Росто́в-Гла́вный) is the main railway station of Rostov-on-Don in Russia.	Rostov-Glavny	Russia
country	The Pan Pacific Open (東レ パン・パシフィック・オープン・テニストーナメント), currently sponsored by Toray Industries, is an outdoor hardcourt tennis tournament held annually in Tokyo, Japan.	Pan Pacific Open	Japan
country	The Teatro dell'Opera di Roma (Rome Opera House) is an opera house in Rome, Italy.	Teatro dell'Opera di Roma	Italy
country	Parfino (Russian: Па́рфино) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Parfinsky District of Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located along the Lovat River, 20 kilometers (12 mi) east of Staraya Russa.	Parfino	Russia
country	Tas-Yuryakh (Russian: Тас-Юрях) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Botuobuyinsky Rural Okrug of Mirninsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 157 kilometers (98 mi) from Suntar, the administrative center of the district.	Tas-Yuryakh	Russia
country	Verkhnodniprovsk Raion (Ukrainian: Верхньодніпровський район) is a raion (district) of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, southeastern-central Ukraine.	Verkhnodniprovsk Raion	Ukraine
country	Neh Rural District (Persian: دهستان نه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Neh Rural District	Iran
country	Caldes d'Estrac (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈkaɫdəz ðəsˈtɾak), also known as Caldetes) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia, Spain.	Caldes d'Estrac	Spain
country	The Toronto Empire was a newspaper established in Toronto, Canada, in 1887.	Toronto Empire	Canada
country	Etaux (also spelled Eteaux) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Etaux	France
country	Haqqiyeh (Persian: حقيه‎, also Romanized as Ḩaqqīyeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Haqqiyeh	Iran
country	Berdkunk (Armenian: Բերդկունք; also Romanized as Berdkunk'' and Berdkunq; formerly Akhkala and Aghkala) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Berdkunk	Armenia
country	Suldalsvatnet is the 6th deepest lake in Norway.	Suldalsvatnet	Norway
country	Guasopa Airport (IATA: GAZ, ICAO: AYGJ), is an airport at Guasopa on Woodlark Island, in the Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.	Guasopa Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Kastamonu University (Turkish: Kastamonu Üniversitesi) is a public university located in Kastamonu and some of its districts, Turkey.	Kastamonu University	Turkey
country	Hoseynieh-ye Sar Bardian (Persian: حسينيه سربرديان‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynīeh-ye Sar Bardīān) is a village in Alqchin Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Hoseynieh-ye Sar Bardian	Iran
country	Ernster (Luxembourgish: Iernster) is a small town in the commune of Niederanven, in central Luxembourg.	Ernster	Luxembourg
country	Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah Highway (Malay: Lebuhraya Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah; Jawi: ليبوهراي سلطان حسنال بولكيه) (National route --) is a major highway in Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei.	Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah Highway	Brunei
country	Monte Cinto (Colli Euganei) is a hill of the Veneto, Italy.	Monte Cinto (Colli Euganei)	Italy
country	Wietszyno (vjɛtˈʂɨnɔ) (German Johannesthal) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wietszyno	Poland
country	The Château de Saint-Izaire is a 14th-century episcopal castle in the commune of Saint-Izaire in the Aveyron département of France.	Château de Saint-Izaire	France
country	Gazoros is currently located in Greece 3 km to the east of the modern village with the same name,on the hill of ``Haghios Athanasios''.	Gazoros	Greece
country	The Jardin botanique Henri Gaussen is a botanical garden operated by the Université Paul Sabatier at 39 allées Jules Guesde, Toulouse, Haute-Garonne, Midi-Pyrénées, France.	Jardin botanique Henri Gaussen	France
country	Milatun (Persian: ميلاتون‎, also Romanized as Mīlātūn; also known as Maḩlātīn, Mahlātūn, and Mehlatūn) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Milatun	Iran
country	Tsarigradsko shose (Bulgarian: Цариградско шосе, Tsarigradsko shosé, literally meaning Tsarigrad (Istanbul) Chaussée (Road)) is the largest boulevard in the capital of Bulgaria, Sofia.	Tsarigradsko shose	Bulgaria
country	Tahtay Koraro (Tigrinya ``Lower Koraro'') is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Tahtay Koraro	Ethiopia
country	Ewo is a village in the Republic of the Congo that serves as the administrative center of Ewo District and the Cuvette-Ouest region.	Ewo	Republic of the Congo
country	The Temple of Claudius, also variously known as the Temple of the Divus Claudius, the Temple of the Divine Claudius and the Temple of the Deified Claudius, covered a large area to the south of the Colosseum in Rome, Italy.	Temple of Claudius	Italy
country	The Palace of Congresses (Albanian: Pallati i Kongreseve) is a building in Tirana, Albania, where the Festivali i Këngës is annually held.	Palace of Congresses	Albania
country	Fram Kino, the first cinema in Norway, opened in 1908.	Fram Kino	Norway
country	Shershon is a settlement on the north side of the Lower Barun Glacier in Nepal.	Shershon	Nepal
country	Marun Dam, also spelled Maroun, is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Marun River about 15 km (9.3 mi) north of Behbahan in Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Marun Dam	Iran
country	Imam Hussein Mosque, in Midan Hawalli District, Kuwait City, is the largest Shi'a mosque in Kuwait.	Imam Hussein Mosque	Kuwait
country	Čadovina (Serbian: Чадовина) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čadovina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hurmudar-e Pain (Persian: هورمودرپائين‎, also Romanized as Hūrmūdar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hurmudar-e Pain	Iran
country	Miyanku (also, Mean’ku and Mianku) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Miyanku	Azerbaijan
country	The Bagne of Toulon was the notorious prison in Toulon, France, made famous as the place of imprisonment of Jean Valjean, the hero of Les Misérables, the novel by Victor Hugo.	Bagne of Toulon	France
country	Combe-Capelle is a Paleolithic and Epipaleolithic site situated in the Couze valley in the Périgord region of Southern France.	Combe-Capelle	France
country	Borecha is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Borecha	Ethiopia
country	Koonammavu(Valluvally) is a census town in Kottuvally Panchayat,North Paravur Taluk, Ernakulam District, Kerala,India and lies between Edappally and North Paravur adjacent to Varappuzha.	Koonammavu	India
country	The Haukeli Tunnel (Norwegian: Haukelitunnelen) is a road tunnel in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county, Norway.	Haukeli Tunnel	Norway
country	Yusufpur-Mohammadabad is a twin town in the Ghazipur district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Yusufpur	India
country	Mount Albert Grammar School (MAGS) is a semi co-educational state secondary school in Mount Albert in central Auckland, New Zealand.	Mount Albert Grammar School	New Zealand
country	Stary Dzików (ˈstarɨ ˈd͡ʑikuf) (Ukrainian: Старий Диків, Staryi Dykiv) is a village in Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Stary Dzików	Poland
country	Bad Dürkheim (German pronunciation: (ˈbaːt ˈdyːɐ̯khaɪm)) is a spa town in the Rhine-Neckar urban agglomeration, and is the seat of the Bad Dürkheim district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Bad Dürkheim	Germany
country	Tallman East Falls is a 3 metre high plunge classic waterfall found on private property, (private without permission to access), in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Tallman East Falls	Canada
country	The Hamburg Temple (German: Israelitischer Tempel) was the synagogue of the Jewish reform movement in Hamburg (Germany) from 1818 to 1938.	Hamburg Temple	Germany
country	The Baroque fortifications in the Black Forest (German: Barocke Verteidigungsanlagen im Schwarzwald), also called Baroque Schanzen (Barockschanzen) or Black Forest lines (Schwarzwaldlinien), are historical, military earthworks, known as schanzen, that were built in the Black Forest in what is now Germany.	Baroque fortifications in the Black Forest	Germany
country	Carballeda de Valdeorras is a larger municipality in Ourense (province) in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	Carballeda de Valdeorras	Spain
country	Te Poi is a small village in rural Waikato, New Zealand, nestled at the base of the scenic Kaimai Ranges established in 1912.	Te Poi	New Zealand
country	The Spanish Armed Forces (Spanish: Fuerzas Armadas Españolas, FFAA) are the military forces of the Kingdom of Spain.	Spanish Armed Forces	Spain
country	Stare Osieczno (ˈstarɛ ɔˈɕɛt͡ʂnɔ) (German: Hochzeit) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Stare Osieczno	Poland
country of citizenship	Michel van Rijt (born June 25, 1970 in Helmond, Netherlands) is a martial artist.	Michel van Rijt	Netherlands
country of citizenship	In 1988 - 1991, Jumabek Ibraimov served as a First Deputy of a Head of Administration of Central Committee of Communist Party of Kyrgyzstan.	Jumabek Ibraimov	Kyrgyzstan
country of citizenship	Joaquim Clotet Martí (Mataró, Spain, March 16, 1946) holds a doctorate in Philosophy and Letters, with outstanding work in the area of Ethics and Bioethics.	Joaquim Clotet	Spain
country of citizenship	On 19 March 1937 he changed his name to Svend Glendau and on 5 June 1939 he formally left the Church of Denmark, four months after his father had died.	Svend Glendau	Denmark
country of citizenship	Ahmed Barzani (1896--1969) (Kurdish: ئه‌حمه‌د موحه‌ممه‌د بارزانی / Ehmed Mihemed Barzanî‎), also known as Khudan (Arabic: خودان‎), was the head of the Barzani tribe in Northern Iraq.	Ahmed Barzani	Iraq
country of citizenship	Natalya Korzhova (born 8 April 1958) is a former Minister of Finance in the Government of Kazakhstan.	Natalya Korzhova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Prof. Dr. Eberhard Grün (born 1942, in Germany) is a German planetary scientist specialized in cosmic dust research.	Eberhard Grün	Germany
country of citizenship	José Manuel de la Peña y Peña (10 March 1789 -- 2 January 1850) was a Mexican politician and lawyer, interim president of Mexico from 26 September 1847 to 13 November 1847 and president from 8 January 1848 to 3 June 1848.	Manuel de la Peña y Peña	Mexico
country of citizenship	John McConnell Black (28 April 1855 -- 2 December 1951) was a Scottish botanist who emigrated to Australia in 1877 and eventually documented and illustrated thousands of flora in South Australia in the early 20th century.	John McConnell Black	Australia
country of citizenship	Tokugawa Ieshige; 徳川 家重 (January 28, 1712 -- July 13, 1761) was the ninth shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate of Japan.	Tokugawa Ieshige	Japan
country of origin	Dhol Taashe is a Marathi film which depicts the culture related to people who play drums and by instruments in Cultural Processions in Maharashtra, India.	Dhol Taashe	India
country of origin	Asociación Quidditch España is the National Governing Body (NGB) of quidditch in Spain, affiliated to the International Quidditch Association.	Asociación Quidditch España	Spain
country of origin	Shogun Assassin, known in Japan as Kozure Ōkami (子連れ狼), is a jidaigeki film made for the British and American markets and released in 1980.	Shogun Assassin	Japan
country of origin	Shehzad Roy gave details about his show which was based on a tour de Pakistan, and the team of Chal Parha visited some 80 cities all over Pakistan from Attabad Jheel and Gulmit to Gojal and Thar and film in more than 200 government schools to show the country the state of schools.	Chal Parha	Pakistan
country of origin	Kosereva is a common ``barreled'' candy with a high protein content originally made in Paraguay, made with the hardened skin of the sour orange (``apepú'', in Guaraní language) and cooked in black molasses, resulting in a bittersweet and acidic taste.	Kosereva	Paraguay
country of origin	La morte accarezza a mezzanotte was released in Italy on 17 November 1972.	La morte accarezza a mezzanotte	Italy
country of origin	Find the Link is a game show format which had versions produced in the U.K. and in Australia.	Find the Link	Australia
country of origin	Mirchi Bada is also known as Mirchi Bajji in southern part of India and the stuffing can vary from place to place.	Mirchi Bada	India
country of origin	Blade Heart (Chinese: 血薦軒轅) is a Hong Kong television series released on 12 March 2004 by TVB.	Blade Heart	Hong Kong
country of origin	The crime depicted in Mapantsula is common in South Africa, especially pre-apartheid.	Mapantsula	South Africa
creator	Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (often shortened to simply Mister Rogers) is an American half-hour children's television series that was created and hosted by namesake Fred Rogers.	Mister Rogers' Neighborhood	Fred Rogers
creator	The Albert Einstein Memorial is a monumental bronze statue depicting Albert Einstein seated with manuscript papers in hand by sculptor Robert Berks.	Albert Einstein Memorial	Robert Berks
creator	Efterårsmorgen ved Sortedamssøen (Autumn Morning on Lake Sortedam) is an oil painting by Christen Købke, one of the leading artists in the Golden Age of Danish Painting.	Efterårsmorgen ved Sortedamssøen	Christen Købke
creator	An Entrance to the Paris Métropolitain is a sculpture by Hector Guimard, conceived in 1902 and fabricated between 1902 and 1913.	An Entrance to the Paris Métropolitain	Hector Guimard
creator	The Modena Triptych is 1568 triptych (three panel painting) by the artist El Greco, who was also known as Doménikos Theotokópoulos.	Modena Triptych	El Greco
creator	The A.B.C. Murders is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie, first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 6 January 1936 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company on 14 February of the same year.	The A.B.C. Murders	Agatha Christie
creator	The Memorial to the Great Exhibition is an outdoor monument commemorating the Great Exhibition (1851) and depicting Albert, Prince Consort, designed by Joseph Durham with modifications by Sydney Smirke and located south of Royal Albert Hall in London, United Kingdom.	Memorial to the Great Exhibition	Joseph Durham	Sydney Smirke
creator	The Submission of Prince Dipo Negoro to General De Kock (Dutch: De onderwerping van Diepo Negoro aan luitenant-generaal baron De Kock) is an oil painting on canvas painted by Nicolaas Pieneman between 1830 and 1835.	The Submission of Prince Dipo Negoro to General De Kock	Nicolaas Pieneman
creator	Object (Le Déjeuner en fourrure), lit. Object (``The Luncheon in Fur''), known in English as Fur Breakfast or Breakfast in Fur, is a 1936 sculpture by the surrealist Méret Oppenheim, consisting of a fur-covered teacup, saucer and spoon.	Le Déjeuner en fourrure	Méret Oppenheim
creator	A Year in the Life is a 1986 miniseries and a one-hour dramatic series that ran on NBC during the 1987--1988 television season, created by Joshua Brand and John Falsey.	A Year in the Life	Joshua Brand
date of birth	Eban Goodstein (born 1960) is an economist, author, and public educator who directs both the Center for Environmental Policy and the MBA in Sustainability at Bard College.	Eban Goodstein	1960
date of birth	Pádraic Ó Neachtain (born 1973) is an Irish television presenter, director, and journalist.	Pádraic Ó Neachtain	1973
date of birth	Jan-Ove Palmberg, born 1943, is a Professor of Mechanical Engineering at Linköping University.	Jan-Ove Palmberg	1943
date of birth	Deskin Green (1847--1918) was an American politician who, from 1908 to 1910, served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the counties of Tazewell and Buchanan.	Deskin Green	1847
date of birth	Thomas Ashwell or Ashewell (c. 1478 -- after 1513 (possibly 1527?)) was an English composer of the Renaissance.	Thomas Ashwell	1478
date of birth	Hortensia Fussy (born 25 March 1954 in Graz; pseudonym: Hortensia), is an Austrian sculptor.	Hortensia Fussy	25 March 1954
date of birth	Aarón Piña Mora (1914--2010) was a Mexican painter and muralist.	Aarón Piña Mora	1914
date of birth	Chakir Boujattaoui (born 16 January 1983 in Nador) is a Moroccan is a long distance runner who specialises in cross country running, and the 5000 metres and steeplechase on the track.	Chakir Boujattaoui	16 January 1983
date of birth	Marcus Barlow (1890--1954) was an Australian architect and a successful and influential designer during the economic turmoil of The Great Depression and World War II. His projects were important to the development of Melbourne architecture, being innovative in use of new technologies and inspired by international design movements.	Marcus Barlow	1890
date of birth	Leul Ras Mengesha Seyoum (Ge'ez: መንገሻ ሰዩም) GCVO (born 7 December 1927 ) is a member of the imperial family of the Ethiopian Empire.	Mengesha Seyoum	7 December 1927
date of birth	Gary Fettis (born 1950) is an American set decorator.	Gary Fettis	1950
date of birth	Sharav Nasanjargal (born 3 August 1968) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Sharav Nasanjargal	3 August 1968
date of birth	Frank Luck (born 5 December 1967) is a former German and, before 1990, East German biathlete.	Frank Luck	5 December 1967
date of birth	Peter Pett, (6 August 1610 -- ? 1672) was an English Master Shipwright, and Second Resident Commissioner of Chatham Dockyard.	Peter Pett	1610
date of birth	Faezeh Hashemi Bahramani, more known as Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani (Persian: فائزه هاشمی رفسنجانی‎; born 7 January 1962) is an Iranian Women's rights activist, politician and former journalist who served as a member of Iranian parliament from 1996 to 2000.	Faezeh Hashemi	7 January 1962
date of birth	Anna Giordano (born in 1965) is an Italian conservationist.	Anna Giordano	1965
date of birth	Nima Aziminejad ( Persian: نیما عظیمی‌نژاد‎), (born 15 September 1978) is an Iranian composer, setar player and sound engineer.	Nima Aziminejad	15 September 1978
date of birth	Roman Dostál (pronounced (ˈroman ˈdostaːl); born 13 July 1970) is a former Czech biathlete.	Roman Dostál	13 July 1970
date of birth	Mehmet Uluğ (b. 13 Nisan 1959 -- d. 20 Kasım 2013) was a Turkish businessman, promoter and music curator.	Mehmet Uluğ	1959
date of birth	Gary Fila (born 18 November 1981) is Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.	Gary Fila	18 November 1981
date of birth	Hugh de Beaumont, 1st Earl of Bedford (born 1106) was Earl of Bedford from 1137 to 1141.	Hugh de Beaumont, 1st Earl of Bedford	1106
date of birth	Emomo Eddy Ngoyi (born 13 October 1993) is a Congolese international footballer who plays as a striker for Shark XI FC Kinshasa in DR Congo.	Emomo Eddy Ngoyi	13 October 1993
date of birth	Moniek Nijhuis (born 20 March 1988) is a Dutch swimmer who specializes in breaststroke.	Moniek Nijhuis	20 March 1988
date of birth	Karel Vinck (born 19 September 1938, Aalst) is a Belgian businessman.	Karel Vinck	19 September 1938
date of birth	Grace Sturtevant (1865--1947) was an early 20th century iris breeder who has been called ``America's first lady of iris''.	Grace Sturtevant	1865
date of birth	Henryk Kierzkowski (born 10 October 1943) is a Polish economist known for his work on imperfect competition and international trade.	Henryk Kierzkowski	1943
date of birth	Lisa Sousa (born 1962) is an American academic historian active in the field of Latin American studies.	Lisa Sousa	1962
date of birth	General Sir Harry Aubrey de Vere Maclean (Kaïd) KCMG (1848--1920) was a Scottish soldier, and instructor to the Moroccan Army.	Harry Aubrey de Vere Maclean	1848
date of birth	George Brydges, 6th Baron Chandos (1620--1655) was a supporter of Charles I of England during his struggle with Parliament, and distinguished himself at the first Battle of Newbury in 1643.	George Brydges, 6th Baron Chandos	1620
date of birth	Andrée Ferretti (born in 1935) is a Canadian political figure and author.	Andrée Ferretti	1935
date of birth	Major General Sir Frank Kingsley Norris KBE CB DSO ED (25 June 1893 -- 1 May 1984) was an Australian military officer and physician.	Frank Kingsley Norris	25 June 1893
date of birth	Juan Carlos Giordano (born c. 1961) is an activist in Socialist Left (Argentina).	Juan Carlos Giordano	1961
date of birth	Inga Peulich (born 15 October 1956) is an Australian politician currently serving in the Legislative Council in the Parliament of Victoria as Member for the South Eastern Metropolitan Region.	Inga Peulich	15 October 1956
date of birth	Tekin Bingöl (born 1 August 1955) is a Turkish politician who serves as the Deputy Leader of the Republican People's Party responsible for political organisation since 8 May 2014.	Tekin Bingöl	1 August 1955
date of birth	Akbaruddin Owaisi (born 14 June 1970) is a politician based in Hyderabad, Telangana and an MLA of the Telangana Legislative Assembly.	Akbaruddin Owaisi	14 June 1970
date of birth	Sean de Silva (born 17 January 1990) is a Trinidadian international footballer who currently plays for and captains Central FC in the TT Pro League.	Sean de Silva	17 January 1990
date of birth	S. Muthiah Mudaliar CIE (1883 - July 15, 1953) was an Indian politician and legislator of the Justice Party and later, the Swarajya Party and an independent minister in the Madras Presidency.	S. Muthiah Mudaliar	1883
date of birth	Fatma Ekenoğlu (born in Paphos in 1956) is a Turkish Cypriot politician.	Fatma Ekenoğlu	1956
date of birth	David Atherton OBE, (born 3 January 1944) is an English conductor and co-founder of the London Sinfonietta.	David Atherton	3 January 1944
date of birth	Mikael Mikael (*1974) is a German artist.	Mikael Mikael	1974
date of birth	Djamaluddin Malik (13 February 1917 -- 8 June 1970) was a prominent Indonesian film producer, politician, entrepreneur.	Djamaluddin Malik	13 February 1917
date of birth	Toshinori Ishikuma (born September 1950) is a Japanese psychology professor known for his work on introducing and establishing the system of school psychology services in Japan.	Toshinori Ishikuma	1950
date of birth	Gustav Bychowski (born 1895 in Warsaw, Poland, died April 3, 1972 in Fes, Morocco) was an American psychiatrist, psychoanalyst and author.	Gustav Bychowski	1895
date of birth	Harry Forbes Witherby, MBE, FZS, MBOU (7 October 1873 - 11 December 1943 (aged 70)) was a noted British ornithologist, author, publisher and founding editor (in 1907) of the magazine British Birds.	Harry Forbes Witherby	7 October 1873
date of birth	Tomás Romañach (born 1890 - death date unknown) was a Cuban baseball shortstop in the Cuban League and Negro leagues.	Tomás Romañach	1890
date of birth	Veronica Lazăr (16 October 1938 - 8 June 2014) was a Romanian born Italian actress.	Veronica Lazăr	16 October 1938
date of birth	Shota Abkhazava (Russian: Шота Абхазава, born 12 August 1971) is a racing driver, race cars designer, a businessman, an owner of two race circuits in Russia and Georgia.	Shota Abkhazava	12 August 1971
date of birth	Vladimir Bodnar is born in Staraya Ushitsa, Kamenets-Podolsk region of Ukraine on December 26, 1942.	Vladimir Bodnar	1942
date of birth	Sir Geoffrey le Scrope (1285 -- 2 December 1340) was an English lawyer, and Chief Justice of the King's Bench for four periods between 1324 and 1338.	Geoffrey le Scrope	1285
date of birth	Andrea Mantegna (Italian: (anˈdrɛːa manˈteɲɲa); c. 1431 -- September 13, 1506) was an Italian painter, a student of Roman archeology, and son-in-law of Jacopo Bellini.	Andrea Mantegna	1431
date of birth	Tan Yinglan (born 8 June 1981) is a Singaporean businessman and writer.	Tan Yinglan	8 June 1981
date of birth	Joe Mills (born 14 June 1972) is a British actor, sports broadcaster, writer and voice actor who has worked on various shows in the UK.	Joe Mills	14 June 1972
date of birth	Nora Picciotto, formerly Baroness Nora Bentinck and Nora Czartoryski (born Eleonora Picciotto on 9 September 1942, Cairo) is the first wife of Prince Adam Karol Czartoryski, mother of Princess Tamara Laura Czartoryska.	Nora Picciotto	9 September 1942
date of birth	Jeremy Wagstaff (born 1962) is a British journalist and technology columnist based in Asia.	Jeremy Wagstaff	1962
date of birth	Zerrin Güngör (born 1955, in Kırşehir) is the president of the Turkish Council of State (Turkish: Danıştay).	Zerrin Güngör	1955
date of birth	Nicholas Whittaker (born 1957) is a British writer of non-fiction books on popular culture, often incorporating autobiographical extracts from his own life.	Nicholas Whittaker	1957
date of birth	James Duff, 2nd Earl Fife (29 September 1729 -- 1809) was a Scottish Earl, Baron and Minister of Parliament.	James Duff, 2nd Earl Fife	29 September 1729
date of birth	Robin Femy (born 19 October 1989) is a skier and sighted guide from Canada.	Robin Femy	19 October 1989
date of birth	Lara Robinson (born 1 January 1998) is an Australian actress who has appeared in films, television series, and theatre productions.	Lara Robinson	1 January 1998
date of birth	Mark Carruthers OBE (born 1965) is a Northern Irish broadcaster and journalist, from Derry.	Mark Carruthers	1965
date of birth	Phil Sawdon (born 1955) is an artist, writer and academic.	Phil Sawdon	1955
date of birth	John Tu (born 1940) is a Chinese-born American entrepreneur and philanthropist.	John Tu	1940
date of birth	Howland Fish (December 1786 -- June 21, 1862) was an American legislator and lawyer.	Howland Fish	December 1786
date of birth	Leon Ockenden (born 1978) is an English actor, director and writer who works in TV, Film, Theatre and Radio.	Leon Ockenden	1978
date of birth	Trine Dyrholm (born 15 April 1972) is a Danish actress, singer and songwriter.	Trine Dyrholm	15 April 1972
date of birth	Regina Bari-Nagy (born 15 September 1990 in Budapest) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for TuS Metzingen as a right wing.	Regina Bari-Nagy	15 September 1990
date of birth	Gershom Cox (September 1863 - November 1918) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back for Aston Villa from 1888 to 1893.	Gershom Cox	September 1863
date of birth	Pinipe Viswarup,(born on 2 October 1962) is an Indian Politician who has worked as Rural Water Supply Minister in YS Rajasekhara Reddy's cabinet and continued the same position during Rosaih's cabinet.	Pinipe Viswarup	2 October 1962
date of birth	Margo Chase (born in 1958) is an American graphic designer.	Margo Chase	1958
date of birth	John Hannigan (c. 1939 -- 22 April 2014) was a Gaelic footballer with Naomh Adhamhnáin and the Donegal senior football team.	John Hannigan	1939
date of birth	Ido Drent (born 27 January 1987) is a South African actor currently working and living in Auckland, New Zealand.	Ido Drent	27 January 1987
date of birth	Sally Beamish (born 26 August 1956) is a British composer and violist.	Sally Beamish	26 August 1956
date of birth	Petar Kapisoda (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Каписода) (born 26 June 1976 in Cetinje, SR Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin handball player.	Petar Kapisoda	26 June 1976
date of birth	Philippe Joly (born 2 January 1976) is a French actor and screenwriter, born in Moscow, Russia.	Philippe Joly	2 January 1976
date of birth	Júlio César Godinho Catole (born 5 August 1986), commonly known as Julinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for J2 League club Consadole Sapporo.	Júlio César Godinho Catole	5 August 1986
date of birth	Joseph Clemens of Bavaria (German: Joseph Clemens von Bayern) (5 December 1671 -- 12 November 1723) was a member of the Wittelsbach dynasty of Bavaria and Archbishop-Elector of Cologne from 1688 to 1723.	Joseph Clemens of Bavaria	5 December 1671
date of birth	Evangelina Elizondo (born 28 April 1929) is an actress from the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.	Evangelina Elizondo	28 April 1929
date of birth	Louis Vogelpoel (26 March 1922 in Lourenço Marques, Portuguese East Africa -- 28 April 2005 in Cape Town, South Africa) was a South African general physician, cardiologist and horticultural scientist.	Louis Vogelpoel	26 March 1922
date of birth	Shirin Sharmin Chaudhury (born 6 October 1966) is the current and the first woman Speaker of Jatiyo Sangshad since April 2013.	Shirin Sharmin Chaudhury	6 October 1966
date of birth	Salih Altın (born 17 July 1987 in Mulheim an der Ruhr) is a Turkish football player, who is currently playing for FSV Duisburg.	Salih Altın	17 July 1987
date of birth	Georgina Theodora Wood (born 8 June 1947) is a judge and also a former police prosecution officer.	Georgina Theodora Wood	8 June 1947
date of birth	Steve Wiest (né John Stephen Wiest; born 1957) is an American trombonist, composer, arranger, big band director, music educator at the collegiate level, jazz clinician, author, and illustrator/cartoonist.	Steve Wiest	1957
date of birth	Won Gyun (Korean: 원균, hanja:元均 ; 12 February 1540 -- 27 August 1597) was a Korean general and admiral during the Joseon Dynasty.	Won Gyun	12 February 1540
date of birth	Emma Marshall (1830--1899) was an English children's author who wrote more than 200 novels.	Emma Marshall	1830
date of birth	Anthony David Towse (born 22 April 1968 in Bridlington, Yorkshire, England) is an English former first-class cricketer, who played one first-class match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1988.	David Towse	22 April 1968
date of birth	Yolanda Mateos Franco (born in 1972) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a winger for Eibartarrak FT, Levante UD and CE Sabadell in the Superliga.	Yolanda Mateos	1972
date of birth	Marcel Witeczek (born 18 October 1968) is a retired German footballer who played mostly as an attacking midfielder.	Marcel Witeczek	18 October 1968
date of birth	St. John Yi Yun-il (1822 -- January 21, 1867) was a Korean Catholic who was killed during the 19th-century Korean persecution of Christians.	John Yi Yun-il	1822
date of birth	Sergei Guriev was born to an ethnic Ossetian family, on 21 October 1971 in Vladikavkaz, Russia.	Sergei Guriev	21 October 1971
date of birth	Ernest Hecht OBE (born 1929) is a British publisher, producer, and philanthropist.	Ernest Hecht	1929
date of birth	Marisela Escobedo Ortiz (1958 -- Chihuahua, Chihuahua, December 16, 2010) was a Mexican social activist, killed while protesting the murder of her daughter that occurred in 2008.	Marisela Escobedo Ortiz	1958
date of birth	Natascia Leonardi Cortesi (born 1 May 1971) is a Swiss cross-country skier and ski mountaineering who has competed since 1988 in the World Cup circuit.	Natascia Leonardi Cortesi	1 May 1971
date of birth	Messaoud Ould Boulkheir (Arabic: مسعود ولد بو الخير‎,born 1943, Fara El Kitane Arabic: فرع الكتان‎) is among the first Haratine to become a political leader in Mauritania.	Messaoud Ould Boulkheir	1943
date of birth	Kathleen O'Regan (11 November 1903 -- 10 December 1970) was an Irish actress, best-remembered for her performances in the first London performances of Juno and the Paycock and The Plough and the Stars.	Kathleen O'Regan	11 November 1903
date of birth	Clarence Lusane (born in 1953 in Detroit, Michigan) is an African-American author, activist, lecturer and free-lance journalist.	Clarence Lusane	1953
date of birth	Julia Joyce (born 14 June 1998) is an actress, known for her three appearances as a younger version of Billie Piper's characters in Doctor Who (``Father's Day''), Ruby in the Smoke and Mansfield Park.	Julia Joyce	14 June 1998
date of birth	Ali Yasak (born 1956, Urfa), better known as Drej Ali (literally: Ali, the tall), is one of Turkey's most renowned criminals.	Ali Yasak	1956
date of birth	Mark Miravalle (b. 1959) is a professor of theology at Franciscan University of Steubenville, specializing in Mariology.	Mark Miravalle	1959
date of birth	Robert Keate FRCS (14 March 1777 -- 2 October 1857) was a noted British surgeon, and Serjeant-Surgeon to King William IV and Queen Victoria.	Robert Keate	14 March 1777
date of birth	Jane Hamlyn (born 1940) is an English studio potter known for her functional salt glaze pottery.	Jane Hamlyn	1940
date of birth	Zou Jingzhi (邹静之, 1952) is a Chinese playwright.	Zou Jingzhi	1952
date of birth	Josh Caddy (born 28 September 1992) is an Australian rules footballer, drafted by the Gold Coast Football Club with the 7th selection in the 2010 AFL Draft.	Josh Caddy	28 September 1992
date of birth	Scarlett Alice Johnson (born 7 April 1985) is an English actress who came to national attention early as Vicki Fowler in the BBC soap opera EastEnders.	Scarlett Alice Johnson	7 April 1985
date of birth	Hayne Constant, CB, CBE., MA., FRAeS., FRS, (26 September 1904 - 12 January 1968) was an English mechanical and aeronautical engineer who developed jet engines during World War II.	Hayne Constant	26 September 1904
date of birth	David Roma is a television producer, filmmaker, musician and activist, born in 1974.	David Roma	1974
date of birth	Cheynee Stiller (born 3 May 1986) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League.	Cheynee Stiller	3 May 1986
date of birth	Gouled Hassan Dourad (Somali: Guuleed Xasan Duurad, Arabic: جوليد حسن دوراد‎), born 1974, is a citizen of Somalia who is held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantánamo Bay detainment camps in Cuba.	Gouled Hassan Dourad	1974
date of birth	Rajendra Achyut Badwe was born in Mumbai, in the western Indian state of Maharashtra, in 1956.	Rajendra Achyut Badwe	1956
date of birth	Luvsannorovyn Erdenechimeg (Mongolian: Лувсанноровын Эрдэнэчимэг; born 1957) is an ethnomusicologist and researcher.	Luvsannorovyn Erdenechimeg	1957
date of birth	Tal Mosseri (Hebrew: טל מוסרי; born 30 August 1975) is an Israeli television host, and a theater and television actor.	Tal Mosseri	30 August 1975
date of birth	Jonas Bendiksen (8 September 1977) is a Norwegian photojournalist based near Oslo.	Jonas Bendiksen	1977
date of birth	Noor Muhammad (15 April 1951 -- 12 April 2004) was a notable Pakistani mathematician and mathematics writer who made an original contribution to the fields of C*-algebra, symmetric topology and pure mathematics.	Noor Muhammad	15 April 1951
date of birth	Islwyn Morris (26 August 1920 -- 26 April 2011) was a Welsh-speaking actor and director, best known for his roles in Welsh-language television, such as those of David Tushingham in ``Pobol y Cwm'' and Idris Vaughan in ``Glas y Dorlan''.	Islwyn Morris	26 August 1920
date of birth	Sara Kristoffersson was born in Stockholm 1972 and is a Swedish writer and professor of design history and theory at Konstfack University College of Arts, Crafts and Design in Stockholm.	Sara Kristoffersson	1972
date of birth	Goes Ahead (1851 - May 31, 1919) was a Crow scout for George Armstrong Custer's 7th Cavalry during the 1876 campaign against the Sioux and Northern Cheyenne.	Goes Ahead	1851
date of birth	Harriet A. Roche (née Mills, later Boomer) (1835 -- 1921) was a Canadian author.	Harriet A. Roche	1835
date of birth	Lucian Nethsingha (born 1936) is a Sri Lankan born British cathedral organist, who served in Exeter Cathedral.	Lucian Nethsingha	1936
date of birth	Thomas Bang (born 6 September 1938) is a Danish sculptor who in the 1970s contributed to Conceptual art and Pop art in the United States.	Thomas Bang	6 September 1938
date of birth	Emir Kusturica (Serbian Cyrillic: Емир Кустурица, born 24 November 1954) is a Serbian filmmaker, actor and musician.	Emir Kusturica	24 November 1954
date of birth	Edwin Otoniel Carranza Solís (born 22 December 1983) is a Salvadoran professional football player who currently plays for Salvadoran Second Division side ADI.	Otoniel Carranza	22 December 1983
date of birth	Zak Smith (born July 16, 1976), also known as Zak Sabbath, is an American artist and adult film performer.	Zak Smith	1976
date of birth	Mary-Jo Wormell (born 1947), better known as Mary Lyons, was a popular British writer of 45 romance novels for Mills & Boon from 1983 to 2001.	Mary Lyons	1947
date of birth	Christa Frieda Vogel was born in 1960 in Meppen, Emsland in Germany, and studied graphic design from 1982 to 1988 at what is now the Berlin University of the Arts and photography at the Ostkreuzschule with Arno Fischer.	Christa Frieda Vogel	1960
date of birth	Dick Lammi (January 15, 1909 -- November 29, 1969) was an American jazz tubist and bassist associated with Dixieland jazz.	Dick Lammi	1909
date of birth	Mohammed Saeed Harib (Arabic: محمد سعيد حارب‎; born in 1978, in Dubai) is an animator from the United Arab Emirates, accredited as the creator and producer of FREEJ; an animated UAE cartoon series.	Mohammed Saeed Harib	1978
date of birth	Angus Suttie (26 November 1946 -- 17 June 1993) was a studio potter and teacher of art ceramics, most notably at Morley College, London.	Angus Suttie	26 November 1946
date of birth	Mohammad Bagher Kharazi (born 26 June 1961) is an Iranian cleric and a candidate for the presidential elections held in June 2013.	Mohammad Bagher Kharazi	26 June 1961
date of birth	Edward Hasted (20 December 1732 OS (31 December 1732 NS) -- 14 January 1812) was the author of a major county history, The History and Topographical Survey of the County of Kent (1778--99).	Edward Hasted	31 December 1732
date of birth	Hossein Omoumi (born 1944) is a scholar and teacher of Persian traditional music, who is Maseeh Professor in Persian Performing Arts in the department of music at the University of California, Irvine Claire Trevor School of the Arts.	Hossein Omoumi	1944
date of birth	Lorenzo Quinteros (born 1945) is an Argentine cinema and theatre actor.	Lorenzo Quinteros	1945
date of birth	Dinç Bilgin (born 1940) is a Turkish businessman who built up a media empire which was seized by the Turkish government in 2002 over alleged financial irregularities.	Dinç Bilgin	1940
date of birth	David Hassan, PhD (born 16 November 1972, Derry, Northern Ireland) is an academic, writer, and current Professor of Sport Policy and Management at the University of Ulster.	David Hassan	16 November 1972
date of birth	Tahir Amin (طاہر امین, born 13 March 1952) is a Pakistani political scientist who is appointed as Vice Chancellor Bahauddin Zakariya University, in Multan, Pakistan.	Tahir Amin	13 March 1952
date of birth	Dale Launer (born May 18, 1952) is an American comedy screenwriter.	Dale Launer	1952
date of birth	Stephen Ewart (born 13 March 1869 in Birmingham, Warwickshire - died 1953 in Middlesex) was a British actor.	Stephen Ewart	13 March 1869
date of birth	Will Snowdon (born 7 January 1983) is an English professional footballer, who played in the Scottish leagues for Livingston, Partick Thistle and Stranraer.	Will Snowdon	7 January 1983
date of birth	Susan Stahnke (born 7 September 1967) is a German TV presenter.	Susan Stahnke	7 September 1967
date of birth	Major General John H. Little (born c. 1943) served as the 12th Superintendent of Wentworth Military Academy in Lexington, Missouri from 2002 to 2007.	John H. Little	1943
date of birth	Apurba Kishore Bir (born 1948), also known as A. K. Bir, is an Indian film cinematographer, screenwriter and director.	Apurba Kishore Bir	1948
date of birth	Antonio Bresciani (Piacenza, 1720 - 31 October 1817) was an Italian painter and engraver.	Antonio Bresciani	1720
date of birth	Terry Butler (born November 10, 1967) is the current bassist in the death metal bands Obituary and Massacre.	Terry Butler	1967
date of birth	Ingrid van der Elst (born 4 May 1955) is a former Dutch sportswoman who represented her country in both cricket and field hockey.	Ingrid van der Elst	4 May 1955
date of birth	Eugene Lehner (1906 -- 13 September 1997) was a violist and music educator.	Eugene Lehner	1906
date of birth	Cindy Kolodziejski (born 1962 in Augsburg, Germany) is a contemporary ceramic artist living and working in Venice, California.	Cindy Kolodziejski	1962
date of birth	Frank Wörndl (born 28 June 1959) is a retired German Alpine skier.	Frank Wörndl	28 June 1959
date of birth	Marty Kristian (born Martin Vanags on 27 May 1947) is a German-born Australian musician.	Marty Kristian	27 May 1947
date of birth	Niklaus Pfluger, SSPX (born 3 November 1958), is a Catholic priest and First Assistant of the Traditional Catholic Society of St. Pius X.	Niklaus Pfluger	3 November 1958
date of birth	Alexander Calandra, PhD (1911 - March 8, 2006) was a scientist, educator, and author, perhaps best remembered for his short story, ``Angels on a Pin (101 Ways to Use a Barometer).''	Alexander Calandra	1911
date of birth	Nikos Karakostas (Greek: Νίκος Καρακώστας; born 22 September 1976) is a Greek football player who currently plays for Levadiakos FC.	Nikos Karakostas	22 September 1976
date of birth	Salvador Rogelio Ortega Martínez (born 26 July 1955) is a Mexican educator who was appointed interim Governor of Guerrero on 27 October 2014 following the resignation of Ángel Aguirre Rivero after the political scandal of the 43 missing students in Iguala.	Rogelio Ortega Martínez	26 July 1955
date of birth	Charles Beauclerk, 2nd Duke of St Albans, KG KB (6 April 1696 -- 27 July 1751) was the son of Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans, and his wife Diana Beauclerk, Duchess of St Albans.	Charles Beauclerk, 2nd Duke of St Albans	6 April 1696
date of birth	Katie Price (born; Katrina Amy Alexandra Alexis Infield 22 May 1978), previously known by the pseudonym Jordan, is an English television personality and glamour model.	Katie Price	22 May 1978
date of birth	Frederica Mathewes-Green (born 1952) is an Eastern Orthodox author and speaker on the subjects of religion and abortion.	Frederica Mathewes-Green	1952
date of birth	William Alan Durban (born 7 July 1941) is a Welsh former international footballer and manager between the 1970s and 1990s.	Alan Durban	7 July 1941
date of birth	Donia Samir Ghanem (Arabic: دنيا سمير غانم‎; born 1 January 1985) is an Egyptian actress and singer.	Donia Samir Ghanem	1 January 1985
date of birth	Zdzisław Bradel (born 21 June 1950) is a Polish politician, poet, and journalist who served as Advisor to the Deputy Prime Minister from 1992 to 1993.	Zdzisław Bradel	21 June 1950
date of birth	Abraham Z. Joffe (1909--2000) was Professor of Mycology and Mycotoxicology at the Hebrew University, Jerusalem.	Abraham Z. Joffe	1909
date of birth	Ana Bebić was born on 7 May 1986 in Metković, Croatia, as the third and youngest child in the Bebić family.	Ana Bebić	7 May 1986
date of birth	Juan Rafael Cortés Santiago, known as Duquende (born 1965), is a Spanish flamenco cantaor (singer).	Duquende	1965
date of birth	Emil Wilhelm Wahlforss (25 June 1891 -- 20 June 1969) was a Finnish engineer, industrialist and vuorineuvos.	Wilhelm Wahlforss	25 June 1891
date of birth	Kate Charles (born 1950) is an Anglo-American crime writer.	Kate Charles	1950
date of birth	Ken Sagoes (born 1967) is an American actor who has starred in films and in television.	Ken Sagoes	1967
date of birth	Arthur O'Donnell (born 1891) was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.	Arthur O'Donnell	1891
date of birth	Nelson Marshall Cooke (born 4 March 1938) is an Australian retired politician.	Marshall Cooke	4 March 1938
date of birth	Konstantin-Assen, Prince of Vidin, Duke of Saxony (born 5 December 1967) is the fourth son of Tsar Simeon II of Bulgaria and his wife Doña Margarita Gómez-Acebo y Cejuela.	Konstantin-Assen, Prince of Vidin	5 December 1967
date of birth	Arthur Lees (21 February 1908 -- 26 March 1992) was an English professional golfer who played from the 1930s to 1960s.	Arthur Lees	21 February 1908
date of birth	Joey Scarpellino (born in 1994) is an actor from Quebec.	Joey Scarpellino	1994
date of birth	Robert Hughes, Baron Hughes of Woodside (born 3 January 1932) is a British Labour politician, who was also Chair of the British Anti-Apartheid Movement (AAM) from 1976 until it was dissolved in 1995 after the ending of apartheid in South Africa.	Robert Hughes, Baron Hughes of Woodside	3 January 1932
date of birth	Tino Schaedler (born 1972) is a German film art director specializing in digital sets.	Tino Schaedler	1972
date of birth	Alexandru Mățel (born 17 October 1989) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Croatian team Dinamo Zagreb mainly as a right back.	Alexandru Mățel	17 October 1989
date of birth	Kim Chol-ho (Chosŏn'gŭl: 김철호; born 15 October 1985) is a North Korean international football player.	Kim Chol-ho	15 October 1985
date of birth	Joel Caine (born 18 September 1978) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, who currently works as a presenter on The Game Plan (NRL).	Joel Caine	18 September 1978
date of birth	Lesley-Ann Skeete (born 20 February 1967) is an English former track and field athlete who competed in the 100 metres hurdles.	Lesley-Ann Skeete	20 February 1967
date of birth	Ricardo Ramina (born 21 August 1951) is a notable Brazilian neurosurgeon and university Professor.	Ricardo Ramina	21 August 1951
date of birth	Jakub Řezníček (born 26 May 1988) is a Czech football player who plays as a striker for FC Zbrojovka Brno in the Synot liga, the top Czech league.	Jakub Řezníček	26 May 1988
date of birth	Rendall Munroe (born 1 June 1980 in Leicester, England) is an English super bantamweight boxer.	Rendall Munroe	1 June 1980
date of birth	Richard Fielder (born 1758 in East Malling, Kent; died 1826 in Gravesend, Kent) was an English professional cricketer who made 20 known appearances in major cricket matches between 1790 and 1801.	Richard Fielder	1758
date of birth	Joe Lumsden (1875) is a former English footballer who played as a defender.	Joe Lumsden	1875
date of birth	Johann Ludwig Hannemann (25 October 1640 -- 25 October 1724) was a professor of medicine who famously opposed the idea of the circulation of the blood.	Johann Ludwig Hannemann	1640
date of birth	José Aguirre de Achá (1877 - ?) was a Bolivian writer, politician and lawyer from Cochabamba.	José Aguirre de Achá	1877
date of birth	Dr. Nihar Ranjan Gupta (Bengali: নীহাররঞ্জন গুপ্ত) (6 June 1911 -- 20 February 1986) was an Indian dermatologist and a popular Bengali novelist.	Nihar Ranjan Gupta	6 June 1911
date of birth	Joseph Kanon (born 1946) is an American author, best known for thriller and spy novels set in the period immediately after World War II.	Joseph Kanon	1946
date of birth	Admir Raščić (Chinese: 拉斯錫; born 16 September 1981) is a Bosnian football player who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Sun Pegasus as a centre forward.	Admir Raščić	16 September 1981
date of birth	Francis Joyon (born 28 May 1956) is a French professional sail boat racer and yachtsman, and currently holds the record for the fastest single-handed sailing circumnavigation.	Francis Joyon	28 May 1956
date of birth	Mientje Kling (27 July 1894 -- 26 February 1966) was a Dutch theatre and film actress and radio personality.	Mientje Kling	27 July 1894
date of birth	Toprak Razgatlıoğlu (born 16 October 1996) is a motorcyclist from Turkey.	Toprak Razgatlıoğlu	16 October 1996
date of birth	Rachid Ghezzal (born 9 May 1992) is an Algerian footballer who plays for French club Lyon in Ligue 1 and the Algeria national team.	Rachid Ghezzal	9 May 1992
date of birth	Agim Canaj (born 14 July 1962) is an Albanian football head coach and former player.	Agim Canaj	14 July 1962
date of birth	Albina Mayorova (born 16 May 1977), née Albina Gennadyevna Ivanova (Russian: Альбина Геннадьевна Иванова), is a Russian long-distance runner who competes in marathon races.	Albina Mayorova	16 May 1977
date of birth	Mai Neng Moua (born May 5, 1974) is a Hmong-American writer and a founder of the Paj Ntaub Voice, a Hmong literary magazine.	Mai Neng Moua	1974
date of birth	Ioannis Dimakopoulos was born in Vytina of Arcadia on 10 January 1833, or, according to another theory, on 20 March 1835.	Ioannis Dimakopoulos	1833
date of birth	Tim Weatherald (born 31 July 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Norwood Football Club and the Sturt Football Club of the SANFL.	Tim Weatherald	31 July 1977
date of birth	Marvin Weinberger (born 4 April 1989) in Laßnitzhöhe is an Austrian football striker for SC Kalsdorf.	Marvin Weinberger	4 April 1989
date of birth	Dieter Stauder (born 1940) is a German attorney-at-law and an expert in intellectual property law.	Dieter Stauder	1940
date of birth	Sara Mandiano, (born 25 January 1958 as Françoise Castellani) is a French singer and songwriter.	Sara Mandiano	25 January 1958
date of birth	Ross McCormack (born 18 August 1986) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for English club Fulham and the Scotland national team as a striker.	Ross McCormack	18 August 1986
date of birth	Bernardino Zaganelli (Italian pronunciation: (dzaɡaˈnɛlli)), also Bernardino di Bosio Zaganelli and Bernardino da Cotignola, (1460--1470 -- 1510) was an Italian Renaissance painter.	Bernardino Zaganelli	1460
date of birth	Henry Wiencek (born 1952) is an American journalist, historian and editor whose work has encompassed historically significant architecture, the Founding Fathers, various topics relating to slavery, and the Lego company.	Henry Wiencek	1952
date of birth	Saif al-Arab Gaddafi (Arabic: سيف العرب القذافي‎, lit. Sword of the Arabs; of the Gaddafa; 1982 -- 30 April 2011) was the sixth son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.	Saif al-Arab Gaddafi	1982
date of birth	Park Junyoung (born 12 March 1982) is a South Korean singer from Busan who debuted in Japan in March 2012 with the single ``Ai - Que Sera Sera'' (愛・ケセラセラ).	Park Junyoung	12 March 1982
date of birth	Leigh Hatcher (born 25 August 1955) is a veteran broadcast Australian journalist and author.	Leigh Hatcher	25 August 1955
date of birth	Katerina Kazelis (born 4 March 1977) is a Swedish singer and Big Brother 2011 housemate.	Katerina Kazelis	4 March 1977
date of birth	Pons Maar (born August 4, 1951) is an American actor, puppeteer, artist and voice actor.	Pons Maar	1951
date of birth	Frederick Settle Barff (6 October 1822 -- 11 August 1886) was an English chemist, ecclesiastical decorator, and stained glass manufacturer, much interested in theology.	Frederick Settle Barff	6 October 1822
date of birth	John Patrick Carroll (Dubuque, Iowa, 22 February 1864 -- Switzerland, 2 November 1925) was an American Catholic priest, who became the second Bishop of Helena, Montana, U.S.A. He was ordained a priest on 7 July 1889 and was consecrated the second Bishop of Helena on 21 December 1904.	John Patrick Carroll	22 February 1864
date of birth	Robert Youds (born 1954 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a Canadian artist based in Victoria, British Columbia.	Robert Youds	1954
date of birth	Sakshi Tanwar (born 12 January 1973) is an Indian television and film actress who started her career as an anchor in Doordarshan.	Sakshi Tanwar	12 January 1973
date of birth	Claus E. Heinrich (21 June 1955) is a German manager, entrepreneur, who is an honorary professor for Operations Research at both the Technical University of Berlin and the University of Mannheim.	Claus E. Heinrich	21 June 1955
date of birth	Johann Ernst Hanxleden (1681-1732), famously known as Arnos Paathiri was a German Jesuit priest, missionary in India and a Malayalam/Sanskrit poet, grammarian, lexicographer, and philologist.	Johann Ernst Hanxleden	1681
date of birth	Walter Polovchak (born 3 October 1967) is a Ukrainian-American who, as a child, became the center of the legal case Polovchak v. Meese after refusing to leave the United States and return to Ukraine in the Soviet Union with his parents when he was 12.	Walter Polovchak	3 October 1967
date of birth	Sir Andrew Henderson Leith Fraser, KCSI (14 November 1848 -- 26 February 1919) was an Indian Civil Servant and the Lieutenant Governor of Bengal between 1903 and 1908.	Andrew Henderson Leith Fraser	14 November 1848
date of birth	Black Jack Mulligan (born c. 1940) is an English former professional wrestler.	Black Jack Mulligan	1940
date of birth	Dima Wannous (Arabic: ديمة ونوس‎) (born 1982) is a Syrian writer and translator.	Dima Wannous	1982
date of birth	Alan Nolan (born 4 June 1985) is a hurler for Dublin and St Brigid's.	Alan Nolan	4 June 1985
date of birth	Robert Barclay Allardice of Ury (25 August 1779, Stonehaven, Kincardineshire -- 8 May 1854), generally known as Captain Barclay, was a notable Scottish walker of the early 19th century, known as the celebrated pedestrian.	Robert Barclay Allardice	25 August 1779
date of birth	Roy Chambers (born c. 1894, date of death unknown) was a rugby union player who represented Australia.	Roy Chambers	1894
date of birth	Yekta Güngör Özden (born 1932) is a Turkish judge, and former president of the Constitutional Court of Turkey.	Yekta Güngör Özden	1932
date of birth	Langton Rusere (born 7 July 1985) is a Zimbabwean cricket umpire.	Langton Rusere	7 July 1985
date of birth	Stephen Burpee Appleby (1836 in Florenceville, New Brunswick -- December 10, 1903) was a Canadian politician and lawyer.	Stephen Burpee Appleby	1836
date of birth	Michael John Harrison (born 26 July 1945), known for publication purposes primarily as M. John Harrison, is an English author and literary critic.	M. John Harrison	26 July 1945
date of birth	Gary Himelfarb (born 1954), aka Doctor Dread, is a reggae producer who founded RAS Records.	Doctor Dread	1954
date of birth	According to Asimov's fictional history of robotics, Susan Calvin was born in 1982, the same year that US Robots and Mechanical Men was incorporated.	Susan Calvin	1982
date of birth	Salma Mumtaz (1926 -- January 21, 2012) was a Pakistani film actress, dancer, director and producer.	Salma Mumtaz	1926
date of birth	Edmond Dauchot (Gosselies, 1905 - 1978) was a Belgian photographer, poet and engraver.	Edmond Dauchot	1905
date of birth	Dr. Joseph Dangerfield (born 1977) is a composer, pianist, and conductor who has lived and worked professionally in Germany, Holland, Russia, and the United States.	Joseph Dangerfield	1977
date of birth	Michiel Mol (born 4 August 1969, Breda) is a Dutch businessman and the director of the Force India (formerly Spyker F1) Formula One team.	Michiel Mol	4 August 1969
date of birth	Zhang Xinfeng (simplified Chinese: 张新枫; traditional Chinese: 張新楓; pinyin: Zhāng Xīnfēng; born 28 August 1952) is a Chinese police and security official, serving since 2016 as the Special Anti-terrorism Officer of the government of the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Xinfeng	28 August 1952
date of birth	Giles Boothroyd ( 17 March 1969 ) birth registered in Pontefract district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at club level for Castleford, and Halifax, as a centre, i.e. number 3 or 4.	Giles Boothroyd	1969
date of birth	Igors Pavlovs (born 1 January 1965 in Lipetsk, Russian SFSR, USSR) is retired professional Latvian ice hockey player.	Igors Pavlovs	1 January 1965
date of birth	Dhondup Wangchen (born 17 October 1974) is a Tibetan filmmaker imprisoned by the Chinese government in 2008 on charges related to his documentary Leaving Fear Behind.	Dhondup Wangchen	17 October 1974
date of birth	Ikeda Tomomasa (池田 知正; 1544--1603) was a kokujin and military commander in the Azuchi-Momoyama period.	Ikeda Tomomasa	1544
date of birth	Muid Latif (born 24 February 1979) is a Malaysian-based web designer, graphic designer and digital artist who actively promotes the arts of the Southeast Asia from Batik and other elements in his digital artwork.	Muid Latif	24 February 1979
date of birth	Neil Mildenhall (born 8 September 1968) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers in 1995.	Neil Mildenhall	8 September 1968
date of birth	Jang Jo-yoon (Hangul: 장조윤; born 1 January 1988), alternatively spelt as Chang Jo-yoon, is a South Korean footballer who plays for Chungju Hummel in the K League Challenge.	Jang Jo-yoon	1 January 1988
date of birth	Ahmad Hilmi of Filibe (or Ahmet Hilmi) (1865--1914) is a Sufi Turkish language writer and thinker.	Ahmad Hilmi of Filibe	1865
date of birth	Ryszard Stocki (born 1960) is an organizational psychologist, educationalist and business consultant, who developed in his habilitation the first nosology of organizational pathologies.	Ryszard Stocki	1960
date of birth	Ian Peacock (born 14 December 1962) is a radio presenter and writer.	Ian Peacock	14 December 1962
date of birth	James FitzGerald-Kenney (1 January 1878 -- 21 October 1956) was an Irish politician and Senior Counsel.	James FitzGerald-Kenney	1 January 1878
date of birth	Rocky Michael Chopra (born 23 December 1983), known as Michael Chopra, is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic.	Michael Chopra	23 December 1983
date of birth	Petr Zieris (born 19 March 1989) is a Czech footballer currently playing for SK Slovan Varnsdorf on loan from Slovan Liberec.	Petr Zieris	19 March 1989
date of birth	Frederick Marshall (6 June 1902 -- 17 May 1975) was an Australian politician, and a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1956 until 1959 representing the seats of Wembley Beaches.	Frederick Marshall	6 June 1902
date of birth	Carol Lynn Curchoe (born in 1979 in Manchester, Connecticut) is an American reproductive biologist specializing in molecular and cellular biology and biotechnology.	Carol Lynn Curchoe	1979
date of birth	B. Sumeeth Reddy (born 26 September 1991) is an Indian badminton player who currently plays men's doubles.	B. Sumeeth Reddy	26 September 1991
date of birth	Cristóbal de Pedraza (1485--c.1555) was a Spanish clergyman who became Bishop of Comayagua in Honduras in 1541.	Cristóbal de Pedraza	1485
date of birth	Kevin Hynes (born 28 May 1986) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a full-back for the Galway senior team.	Kevin Hynes	28 May 1986
date of birth	Jayaraman Gowrishankar (born 1956) is an Indian medical microbiologist.	Jayaraman Gowrishankar	1956
date of birth	Queen Hazarika (Assamese: কুইন হাজৰিকা; born 16 October 1976) is an Indian playback singer and actress from Assam.	Queen Hazarika	16 October 1976
date of birth	Shavkat Raimqulov (Russian: Шавкат Раимкулов; born 7 May 1984) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer.	Shavkat Raimqulov	7 May 1984
date of birth	Alice Keighley (born 1993) is an Australian team handball and beach handball player.	Alice Keighley	1993
date of birth	Jasper Van Der Heyden (3 July 1995) is a Belgian professional football player who last played for ASV Geel.	Jasper Van Der Heyden	3 July 1995
date of birth	Jean Baptiste Vanmour or Van Mour (9 January 1671 -- 22 January 1737) was a Flemish-French painter, remembered for his detailed portrayal of life in the Ottoman Empire during the Tulip Era and the rule of Sultan Ahmed III.	Jean Baptiste Vanmour	9 January 1671
date of birth	Mario Equicola (c. 1470 -- 26 July 1525) was an Italian Renaissance humanist: a neolatin author, a bibliophile, and a courtier of Isabella d'Este and Federico II Gonzaga.	Mario Equicola	1470
date of birth	Mary Heilmann (born 1940) is an American contemporary artist whose works include paintings, works on paper, ceramics, and furniture.	Mary Heilmann	1940
date of birth	Jeong Yeon-jin (born 2 February 1990), better known as Jin Jeong, is a South Korean professional golfer.	Jin Jeong	2 February 1990
date of birth	Bodhin Kjolhede (born 1948) is a Sōtō/Rinzai Zen roshi and Abbot of the Rochester Zen Center (RZC), a position he assumed when Philip Kapleau retired from teaching in 1986.	Bodhin Kjolhede	1948
date of birth	Glòria Muñoz (born 12 August 1949) is a Spanish painter, and a professor of painting at the University of Barcelona.	Glòria Muñoz	12 August 1949
date of birth	Amy Manson (born 9 September 1985) is a Scottish actress, known for portraying Alice Guppy in Torchwood, Abby Evans in Casualty, Lizzie Siddal in Desperate Romantics, Daisy Hannigan-Spiteri in Being Human and Medea in Atlantis.	Amy Manson	9 September 1985
date of birth	Colonel William Vincent Legge (2 September 1841 -- 25 March 1918) was an Australian soldier and an ornithologist who documented the birds of Sri Lanka.	William Vincent Legge	2 September 1841
date of birth	Li Rongrong (Chinese: 李荣融; born 1944) is a politician of the People's Republic of China and the former chairman of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of PRC.	Li Rongrong	1944
date of birth	Gudakesh Motie (born 29 March 1995) is a Guyanese cricketer who has played for Guyana in West Indian domestic cricket.	Gudakesh Motie	29 March 1995
date of birth	Raymond Meredith Belbin (born 1926) is a British researcher and management theorist best known for his work on management teams.	Meredith Belbin	1926
date of birth	Ben Reid (born 29 April 1989) is an Australian rules footballer for Collingwood in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Ben Reid	29 April 1989
date of birth	Kozza Smith (born Korey Williams on 20 March 1988 in Cessnock, New South Wales) is an Australian motorcycle speedway rider.	Kozza Smith	20 March 1988
date of birth	Theodor Siebs (German pronunciation: (ˈteːodoːɐ̯ ˈziːps); 26 August 1862 -- 28 May 1941) was a German linguist most remembered today as the author of Deutsche Bühnenaussprache (English: German stage pronunciation) published in 1898.	Theodor Siebs	26 August 1862
date of birth	Jack Potter (born 13 April 1938 in Coburg, Victoria) is a former Australian cricketer who played 81 matches for Victoria.	Jack Potter	13 April 1938
date of birth	Funda Arar (Turkish pronunciation: (funˈda aˈɾaɾ)) (born 8 April 1975, Ankara) is a Turkish singer.	Funda Arar	8 April 1975
date of birth	Consuelo Sáizar Guerrero (born 1961 in Acaponeta, Nayarit) is an editor, writer and publisher, currently the director of the Consejo Nacional para la Cultura y las Artes (CONACULTA).	Consuelo Sáizar	1961
date of birth	Ronald James Blake, OBE, JP (Chinese: 詹伯樂, born 1934) is a civil engineer, and a former Secretary for Works in the government of colonial Hong Kong.	Ronald James Blake	1934
date of birth	Honour Margaret Rosell Santoi Fuller, better known as Jill Summers (8 December 1910 -- 11 January 1997), was a British music hall performer and comedienne.	Jill Summers	8 December 1910
date of birth	E. Frederic Morrow (c. 1906-July 20, 1994) was the first African American to hold an executive position at the White House.	E. Frederic Morrow	1906
date of birth	Jorge Coste Cacho (born 11 November 1988) is a Mexican professional football defender who formerly played for Chiapas in the Primera División de México.	Jorge Coste	11 November 1988
date of birth	Luciana Arrighi (born 1940) is a Brazilian-born, Australian-raised, Italian production designer.	Luciana Arrighi	1940
date of birth	Pierre-Yves Monette (born 1960) is the former Secretary-General of EUREAU, a visiting professor at the College of Europe, registered Mediator and attorney at the Brussels Bar.	Pierre-Yves Monette	1960
date of birth	Yang Jianli (b. Shandong, China, 1963) is a Chinese dissident with United States residency.	Yang Jianli	1963
date of birth	Antony Jinman (born 8 April 1981) is a British polar adventurer.	Antony Jinman	8 April 1981
date of birth	Grégoire François Du Rietz (1607, Arras - 5 February 1682, Maria Magdalena church, Stockholm) was a French physician.	Grégoire François Du Rietz	1607
date of birth	Brittany Beattie (born 1994) is an Australian model, best known for winning cycle 9 of Australia's Next Top Model.	Brittany Beattie	1994
date of birth	Mevlud Meladze (Georgian: მევლუდ მელაძე) (born 5 September 1972) is Georgia's best known motorsports promoter and road safety activist, the founder and vice-president of the Georgian AutoSport Federation, a non-profit association that represents the interests of motoring organisations and car users in Georgia.	Mevlud Meladze	5 September 1972
date of birth	Vivian Zahl Olsen (born 24 January 1942) is a Norwegian artist, graphic designer and illustrator.	Vivian Zahl Olsen	1942
date of birth	Sir Norman William Kater (18 November 1874--18 August 1965) was a medical practitioner, pastoralist and member of the New South Wales Legislative Council.	Norman William Kater	18 November 1874
date of birth	Frank Goosen (born 31 May 1966) is a German cabaret artist and author.	Frank Goosen	31 May 1966
date of birth	Martin J. Goodman (born in Leicester in 1956) is an English journalist and writer.	Martin J. Goodman	1956
date of birth	Nancy Heppner (born 1971) is a current Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, first sitting with Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, and now as a member of the Government of Saskatchewan.	Nancy Heppner	1971
date of birth	Augustine Chacon (1861 - November 21, 1902), or El Peludo (English: ``The Hairy One''), was a Mexican outlaw and folk hero of Arizona Territory.	Augustine Chacon	1861
date of birth	Jukka Mikkola (born 3 July 1943, Vampula) is a Finnish politician from the Social Democratic Party.	Jukka Mikkola	3 July 1943
date of birth	William Murdoch (sometimes spelled Murdock) (21 August 1754 -- 15 November 1839) was a Scottish engineer and long-term inventor.	William Murdoch	21 August 1754
date of birth	Chris Ronayne (born 1968) is the President of University Circle Inc. in Cleveland, Ohio, a community development corporation responsible for the growth of the University Circle with a focus on health care, education, and arts & culture.	Chris Ronayne	1968
date of birth	Alfred H. Caspary (1877--1955), of New York, was a philatelist responsible for assembling one of the finest collections of United States postage stamps.	Alfred H. Caspary	1877
date of birth	Chris Emery also known as Chris Hamilton-Emery (born 23 November 1963) is a British poet and literary publisher.	Chris Emery	23 November 1963
date of birth	Sanjuana Martínez Montemayor is a Mexican journalist born on 1963 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, México, who writes for Proceso magazine and for La Jornada newspaper.	Sanjuana Martínez	1963
date of birth	Susumu Kagawa (born in 1944) is a Japanese urologist and a coauthor of 41 peer-reviewed articles all of which can be found on Web of Science and PubMed.	Susumu Kagawa	1944
date of birth	Louis Conrad Rosenberg, born in 1890 in Portland, Oregon, was an American printmaker.	Louis Conrad Rosenberg	1890
date of birth	Martin Dermott (born 25 September 1967 in Wigan, England) is a former professional rugby league footballer who was capped 12 times for the Great Britain national team.	Martin Dermott	25 September 1967
date of birth	Moses Lim (born 1950) is a Singaporean actor, comedian, entertainer and food connoisseur, known for playing Tan Ah Teck in the Singaporean sitcom Under One Roof.	Moses Lim	1950
date of birth	Robin Copping (born 1934) is an Australian cinematographer and producer.	Robin Copping	1934
date of birth	Viktor Andersson, born 28 September 1982, is a Swedish floorball player.	Viktor Andersson	28 September 1982
date of birth	Rahul Bhattacharya (born 1979) is an Indian journalist and novelist.	Rahul Bhattacharya	1979
date of birth	Moses Little (1724--1798), born on May 8, 1724 in Newbury, Massachusetts.	Moses Little	1724
date of birth	Richard P. Gabriel (born 1949) is an American computer scientist who is known for his work related to the Lisp programming language (and especially Common Lisp) in computing.	Richard P. Gabriel	1949
date of birth	Narayan Gangopadhyay (Bengali: নারায়ণ গঙ্গোপাধ্যায়; 1918--1970), also known as Narayan Ganguly, was a renowned South Asian novelist, poet, essayist, and short story writer who was born at Baliadingi in Dinajpur in undivided Bengal, on 4 February 1918, son of Pramathanath Gangopadhyay.	Narayan Gangopadhyay	4 February 1918
date of birth	Gayle Gardner (born ca. 1950) is an American sportscaster who worked for ESPN and NBC Sports beginning in 1987 until 1993.	Gayle Gardner	1950
date of birth	Mary Barzee Flores (born 1962) is a Florida attorney in private practice and is a nominee to be a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida.	Mary Barzee Flores	1962
date of birth	Dong Xuesheng (simplified Chinese: 董学升; traditional Chinese: 董學升; pinyin: Dǒng Xuéshēng; born 22 May 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Dong Xuesheng	22 May 1989
date of birth	Cristiano Castelfranchi (born 1944 in Rome) is a senior research scientist at the Institute of Psychology of the Italian National Research Council.	Cristiano Castelfranchi	1944
date of birth	Owen Drake (1936 -- June 27, 2011) was an American Republican politician.	Owen Drake	1936
date of birth	Frank Abarno (6 May 1891 -- 5 January 1978) was an Italian anarchist, and a Galleanist who were accused and convicted of an anarchist plot to blow up St. Patrick's Cathedral in March 1915.	Frank Abarno	6 May 1891
date of birth	Sharlene Wells Hawkes (born 16 March 1964), from Salt Lake City, Utah, was Miss America 1985.	Sharlene Wells Hawkes	16 March 1964
date of birth	Markus Schulz (English pronunciation: /ˈmɑrkʉs ˈʃʊlts/; German: (ˈmaʁkʊs ˈʃʊlt͡s); born 3 February 1975), is a German-American DJ and music producer.	Markus Schulz	3 February 1975
date of birth	Father Nicholas Sheehy (1728--1766) was an 18th-century Irish Roman Catholic priest who was executed on charge of accessory to murder.	Nicholas Sheehy	1728
date of birth	Howard E. Dorsey (July 10, 1904 -- August 7, 1937) was a hydraulic engineer who was a member of the Los Angeles, California, City Council in 1937.	Howard E. Dorsey	1904
date of birth	Paul Sahre (born 1964) is an American graphic designer perhaps best known for his book cover designs and illustrations for The New York Times.	Paul Sahre	1964
date of birth	Merho (24 October 1948), the pseudonym of Robert Merhottein, is a Belgian comic-book writer and artist, best known for creating the comic strip De Kiekeboes.	Merho	24 October 1948
date of birth	Mohammad Reza Rajabi (Persian: محمدرضا رجبی‎, born 10 January 1986) is an Iranian handball player for Naft Al-Janoob and the Iranian national team.	Mohammad Reza Rajabi	10 January 1986
date of birth	Ned Weir (born 1910, date of death unknown) was an Irish footballer who played for several clubs in the Scottish Football League.	Ned Weir	1910
date of birth	Syeda Rizwana Hasan (born 15 January 1968) is a Bangladeshi attorney and environmentalist.	Rizwana Hasan	15 January 1968
date of birth	Müslüm Yelken (born 28 November 1988) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a winger.	Müslüm Yelken	28 November 1988
date of birth	Shraga Topolansky (Hebrew: שרגא טופולנסקי‎; born 1950) is an Israeli former footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya, Beitar Tel Aviv and in the National Soccer League and the Victorian Premier League in Australia, today he works as a manager with Beitar Hadera being the last team he managed.	Shraga Topolansky	1950
date of birth	Bose Venkat (born 15 May 1975) is an Indian film actor who appears in Tamil films and television serials.	Bose Venkat	15 May 1975
date of birth	Colin Greenall (born 30 December 1963 in Billinge, Lancashire) is an English former professional footballer who made over 600 Football League appearances between 1980 and 1999.	Colin Greenall	30 December 1963
date of birth	Giuseppe Panico (born 10 May 1997) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Italian Serie A club Genoa.	Giuseppe Panico	10 May 1997
date of birth	Suimenkul Chokmorov (Kyrgyz: Сүймөнкул Чокморов; Russian: Суйменкул Чокморов; 9 November 1939 -- 26 September 1992) was a Kyrgyz film actor born in Chon Tash village, Kirghiz SSR (now Kyrgyzstan).	Suimenkul Chokmorov	9 November 1939
date of birth	Francesco Spiera (1502 -- December 27, 1548) was a Protestant Italian jurist.	Francesco Spiera	1502
date of birth	Bruce Calverley (21 January 1918 -- 14 May 1961) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bruce Calverley	21 January 1918
date of birth	Joshua Dziabiak (born 1987) is an American entrepreneur and business executive.	Joshua Dziabiak	1987
date of birth	Christian Gueintz (13 October 1592 -- 3 April 1650) was a teacher and writer-grammarian.	Christian Gueintz	13 October 1592
date of birth	Paul Langford FBA FRHistS (20 November 1945, Bridgend -- 27 July 2015) was a British historian.	Paul Langford	20 November 1945
date of birth	J. Peter Burgess (born 1 June 1961 in Munich, Germany) is a philosopher and political scientist.	J. Peter Burgess	1 June 1961
date of birth	Mustapha Badid (born 1964) is a paralympic track and field athlete from France competing mainly in category T53 wheelchair racing events.	Mustapha Badid	1964
date of birth	Okot p'Bitek (7 June 1931 -- 20 July 1982) was a Ugandan poet, who achieved wide international recognition for Song of Lawino, a long poem dealing with the tribulations of a rural African wife whose husband has taken up urban life and wishes everything to be westernised.	Okot p'Bitek	7 June 1931
date of birth	Eric Saward (pronounced SAY-ward) was born on 9 December 1944 and became a scriptwriter and script editor for the BBC, resigning from the latter post on the TV programme Doctor Who in 1986.	Eric Saward	9 December 1944
date of birth	Sin Chung-kai, SBS, JP (Chinese: 單仲偕) (born 15 June 1960, in Hong Kong with family roots in Dongguan, Guangdong) is a member of Hong Kong Legislative Council and former member of Kwai Tsing District Council.	Sin Chung-kai	15 June 1960
date of birth	Samir Assaf (Arabic: سمير عساف; born 20 June 1960) is the CEO of HSBC Global Banking & Markets.	Samir Assaf	20 June 1960
date of birth	Lisa Lapinski (born in 1967 in Palo Alto, California) is an American visual artist who creates dense, formally complex sculptures which utilize both the language of traditional craft and advanced semiotics.	Lisa Lapinski	1967
date of birth	Jaroslava Blažková (born 15 November 1933) is a Slovak novelist, short story writer, children's writer and journalist.	Jaroslava Blažková	15 November 1933
date of birth	Pavlos Kountouriotis (Greek: Παύλος Κουντουριώτης, 9 April 1855 -- 22 August 1935) was a Greek rear admiral during the Balkan Wars, regent, and the first and third President of the Second Hellenic Republic.	Pavlos Kountouriotis	9 April 1855
date of birth	Johannes Hentschel (10 May 1908 -- 27 April 1982) was a German-Danish master electro-mechanic for German dictator Adolf Hitler's apartments in the Old Chancellery.	Johannes Hentschel	10 May 1908
date of birth	Sybille Gruner (born 18 May 1969) was a member of the women's national handball team between 1989 and 1995.	Sybille Gruner	18 May 1969
date of birth	Itamar Shimoni (born in 1968) is an Israeli politician and current mayor of Ashkelon, Israel.	Itamar Shimoni	1968
date of birth	Arthur D. Nicholson (7 June 1947 - 24 March 1985) was a United States Army military intelligence officer shot by a Soviet sentry while engaged in intelligence-gathering activities as part of an authorized Military Liaison Mission which operated under reciprocal U.S. - Soviet authority.	Arthur D. Nicholson	7 June 1947
date of birth	Kumaran also known as Tiruppur Kumaran (4 October 1904 - 1 November 1932) was an Indian revolutionary who participated in the Indian independence movement.	Tiruppur Kumaran	4 October 1904
date of birth	Shane Bowes (born 4 March 1969, Adelaide, South Australia) is a former motorcycle speedway rider.	Shane Bowes	4 March 1969
date of birth	Antonio Rubio Pérez (Soriano, 1882 - 1953) was a Uruguayan journalist and politician.	Antonio Rubio Pérez	1882
date of birth	Claude d'Annebault (1495-- 2 November 1552) was a French military officer;	Claude d'Annebault	1495
date of birth	Charles Martin Edwards (born 24 July 1945) was the chairman of Manchester United from 1980 until 2002.	Martin Edwards	24 July 1945
date of birth	Lorne Rubenstein (born 25 June 1948 in Toronto, Canada) is a Canadian golf journalist and author.	Lorne Rubenstein	25 June 1948
date of birth	Riho Sibul, born 26 June 1958, is an Estonian singer and guitarist of rock band Ultima Thule.	Riho Sibul	26 June 1958
date of birth	Gemma Hallett (born 24 August 1981) is a Welsh rugby union player who has played second row and capped 35 times for Wales.	Gemma Hallett	24 August 1981
date of birth	Graham Johncock (born 21 October 1982) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Adelaide Crows in the Australian Football League.	Graham Johncock	21 October 1982
date of birth	Delaine Le Bas (born 1965) is a British Artist from a Romany background.	Delaine Le Bas	1965
date of birth	Ralph Radcliffe Whitehead (1854--1929) was the founder and chief benefactor of the ``Byrdcliffe Arts and Crafts Colony'' located in Woodstock, New York.	Ralph Radcliffe Whitehead	1854
date of birth	Evans Kangwa (born 21 June 1994) is a Zambian international footballer who plays for Hapoel Ra'anana, on loan from Nkana, as a striker.	Evans Kangwa	21 June 1994
date of birth	Doreen Reid Nakamarra (c. 1955 - 20 October 2009) was an Australian Aboriginal artist and painter.	Doreen Reid Nakamarra	1955
date of birth	Stephen C. Meyer (born 1958) is an advocate for intelligent design.	Stephen C. Meyer	1958
date of birth	Carlos Casas (born in Barcelona in 1974) is a Spanish filmmaker and visual artist.	Carlos Casas	1974
date of birth	Rabbi Yonasan Steif (Yiddish: יונתן שטייף‎; 1877--1958) was a senior dayan of Budapest, Hungary, before the Second World War, a man whom Rabbi Moshe Feinstein referred to as the gadol hador (spiritual leader of the generation).	Yonasan Steif	1877
date of birth	Eran Ben-Shahar (/ʃɑːˈxɑːr/; born 11 March 1969) is an Israeli author, philosopher, journalist and inventor.	Eran Ben-Shahar	11 March 1969
date of birth	Paullina Simons (born 1963 in Leningrad, Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic) is a Russian-born American writer and the international best-selling author of the novels Tully, Red Leaves, Eleven Hours, The Bronze Horseman, Tatiana and Alexander, Lily and The Summer Garden.	Paullina Simons	1963
date of birth	Jimmy Burn (17 December 1877 -- 7 September 1934) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jimmy Burn	17 December 1877
date of birth	Hans Heinze, sometimes referred to as Euthanasie-Heinze (``Euthanasia Heinze''; 18 October 1895 -- 4 February 1983) was a Nazi German psychiatrist and eugenicist.	Hans Heinze	18 October 1895
date of birth	Peter Hume Brown (17 December 1849 -- 1 December 1918) was a Scottish historian and professor who played an important part in establishing Scottish history as a significant academic discipline.	Peter Hume Brown	17 December 1849
date of birth	A native of Tampa, Florida, USA, David Fagen (1875-?) was an African-American soldier who defected during the Philippine-American War.	David Fagen	1875
date of birth	Andrew Bergman (20 February 1945) is an American screenwriter, film director, and novelist.	Andrew Bergman	20 February 1945
date of birth	John H. Buckeridge (1857-1934) was an English-born Australian architect, who built about sixty churches in Queensland and is also remembered for remodeling the interior of the Macquarie era church of St James'', King Street, Sydney.	John H. Buckeridge	1857
date of birth	Jean-Baptiste Lobréau, also called Citizen Lobréau in dispatches, born 24 March 1748 in Hautvilliers, Champagna, which is present-day Marne.	Jean-Baptiste Lobréau	24 March 1748
date of birth	David Lowing (born 4 September 1983) is a Scottish footballer currently with Irvine Meadow F.C in the Stagecoach Super League Premier Division of the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	David Lowing	4 September 1983
date of birth	Jean-Jacques Quisquater (born 13 January 1945) is a cryptographer and a professor at Université catholique de Louvain.	Jean-Jacques Quisquater	13 January 1945
date of birth	Michelle Lopez (born in 1970 of Filipino descent) is an American sculptor and installation artist, whose works incorporates divergent industrial materials in order to critique present day cultural phenomena.	Michelle Lopez	1970
date of birth	Michael Sather (born c. 1947) is a former MLA for Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows in the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Michael Sather	1947
date of birth	Mai-Thu Perret (born in 1976 in Geneva) is a Swiss artist of Franco-Vietnamese origin.	Mai-Thu Perret	1976
date of birth	Clare Mallory is the penname under which Winifred Constance McQuilkan Hall (25 September 1913 -- 20 April 1991) wrote ten children's books published between 1947 and 1951.	Clare Mallory	25 September 1913
date of birth	Damien McCormack (born 28 January 1987) is an Australian rules footballer formerly on the Western Bulldogs list in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Damien McCormack	28 January 1987
date of birth	Paul Anspach (1 April 1882 -- 28 August 1981) was a Belgian épée and foil fencer who competed in four consecutive Olympics (1908, 1912, 1920 and 1924).	Paul Anspach	1 April 1882
date of birth	Michał Bemben (born 28 January 1976) is a Polish-born German football player who currently plays for FC Frohlinde.	Michał Bemben	28 January 1976
date of birth	Jackie Mahood (born c. 1954) was a Northern Irish loyalist activist with both the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and Progressive Unionist Party (PUP).	Jackie Mahood	1954
date of birth	SallyAnn Salsano (born c. 1974) is an American television producer.	SallyAnn Salsano	1974
date of birth	Tristen (Born Tristen Gaspadarek, 1983) is an American musician and songwriter.	Tristen Gaspadarek	1983
date of birth	Ernő Rubik (Hungarian: (ˈrubik ˈɛrnøː); born 13 July 1944) is a Hungarian inventor, architect and professor of architecture.	Ernő Rubik	13 July 1944
date of birth	Sian Adey-Jones (born December 1957) is a former beauty queen and glamour model.	Sian Adey-Jones	December 1957
date of birth	Alpha B. Kamara (born 1 January 1978) is an Olympic athlete from Sierra Leone.	Alpha B. Kamara	1 January 1978
date of birth	Wodajo Bulti (born 11 March 1957) is a retired Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres, 10000 metres and cross-country running.	Wodajo Bulti	11 March 1957
date of birth	Artashes Geghamyan (Armenian: Արտաշես Գեղամյան, born 2 December 1949) is an Armenian politician.	Artashes Geghamyan	2 December 1949
date of birth	Yang Yan (simplified Chinese: 杨炎; traditional Chinese: 楊炎; pinyin: Yáng Yán; Wade--Giles: Yang2 Yen2) (727--781), courtesy name Gongnan (公南), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor early in the reign of Emperor Dezong.	Yang Yan	727
date of birth	Einar Lunde (born 13 March 1943) is a Norwegian news anchor.	Einar Lunde	13 March 1943
date of birth	Mark Gregory Pegg (born 1963) is an Australian professor of medieval history, currently teaching in the United States at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri.	Mark Gregory Pegg	1963
date of birth	Noel Knockwood, (1932-2014) a Canadian first nations leader and Mi'kmaq Grand Council member since 1975, was a spiritual leader of the Mi'kmaq People.	Noel Knockwood	1932
date of birth	William Elvis Sloan I (1867--1961) invented the Flushometer flushing mechanism, which is installed in millions of commercial, institutional and industrial restrooms worldwide.	William Elvis Sloan	1867
date of birth	Marly van der Velden (born 6 January 1988, Delft) is a Dutch actress and fashion designer.	Marly van der Velden	6 January 1988
date of birth	Giorgos Vaitsis (Greek: Γιώργος Βαΐτσης; born 1 August 1967), is a retired Greek footballer.	Giorgos Vaitsis	1 August 1967
date of birth	Veran Matić (Serbian Cyrillic Веран Матић; born in 1962 in Šabac, Yugoslavia) is the Chief Executive Officer of B92.	Veran Matić	1962
date of birth	Arvo Pärt (Estonian pronunciation: (ˈɑrvo ˈpært); born 11 September 1935) is an Estonian composer of classical and sacred music.	Arvo Pärt	11 September 1935
date of birth	Vincent Forrester (born 1952) is an Aboriginal Australian activist, artist and community leader.	Vincent Forrester	1952
date of birth	Jonas Heymans (born 6 February 1993) is a Belgian footballer who last played as a left back for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Jonas Heymans	6 February 1993
date of birth	André Daniel Savary (b. Salles, 1743) was a French naval officer and admiral.	Daniel Savary	1743
date of birth	Shabtai Shavit (Hebrew: שבתי שביט‎; born 17 July 1939) was director general of the Mossad from 1989 to 1996.	Shabtai Shavit	1939
date of birth	Zygmunt Choreń (born 1941) is a Polish naval architect and the proprietor of the naval architectural firm Choreń Design and Consulting.	Zygmunt Choreń	1941
date of birth	Tomás Bairéad (1893 -- 1973) was an Irish author and nationalist.	Tomás Bairéad	1893
date of birth	Gabriele Levy (born 9 October 1958) is an Italian sculptor, writer, web master.	Gabriele Levy	9 October 1958
date of birth	Howard Chapnick (eng. Howard Chapnick, 1922--1996) was an American editor, photo editor and a longterm leader of Black Star picture agency.	Howard Chapnick	1922
date of birth	Fanula Papazoglu (Serbian: Фанула Папазоглу, Greek: Φανούλα Παπάζογλου, 1917-- January 26, 2001) was a Yugoslav and Serbian classical scholar, epigrapher and academic.	Fanula Papazoglu	1917
date of birth	Yan Hong (阎红, born 23 October 1966) is a retired Chinese race walker.	Yan Hong	23 October 1966
date of birth	Frederic Hauge (born 15 August 1965) is a Norwegian environmental activist.	Frederic Hauge	15 August 1965
date of birth	Sid James (born Solomon Joel Cohen; 8 May 1913 -- 26 April 1976) was a South African-born British actor and comedian.	Sid James	8 May 1913
date of birth	Lester Paul Wright (born 1946) is a former senior British civil servant.	Lester Paul Wright	1946
date of birth	John Melhuish Strudwick (6 May 1849 Clapham, London -- 16 July 1937 Hammersmith), was an English Pre-Raphaelite painter, the son of William Strudwick (1808--1861) and Sarah Melhuish (1800--1862).	John Melhuish Strudwick	6 May 1849
date of birth	Dominic Behan (Irish: Doiminic Ó Beacháin; 22 October 1928 -- 3 August 1989) was an Irish songwriter, short story writer, novelist and playwright who wrote in both Irish and English.	Dominic Behan	22 October 1928
date of birth	Scott James Remnant (born 18 July 1980) is an open source Software Engineer.	Scott James Remnant	18 July 1980
date of birth	Marthe Koala (born 8 March 1994) is a Burkinabe athlete competing in the 100 metres hurdles and heptathlon.	Marthe Koala	8 March 1994
date of birth	Alter Mojze Goldman (17 November 1909 -- 1988) was a Polish Jew who was active in the French Résistance during World War II. He was born in Lublin after the death of his father.	Alter Mojze Goldman	17 November 1909
date of birth	Thomas Coupar (1862 -- unknown) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers.	Thomas Coupar	1862
date of birth	Prince Christian of Denmark, Count of Monpezat (Christian Valdemar Henri John; born 15 October 2005) is the elder son and eldest child of Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary.	Prince Christian of Denmark	15 October 2005
date of birth	Eiichiro Azuma (born 27 September 1966, in Tokyo) is an American historian, and Professor of History and Asian American Studies at the University of Pennsylvania .	Eiichiro Azuma	27 September 1966
date of birth	Wolfgang Öxler OSB (born 1 May 1957 in Dillingen an der Donau as Erwin Öxler) is a German Benedictine and archabbot of the St. Ottilien Archabbey.	Wolfgang Öxler	1 May 1957
date of birth	Matt Stevic (born 12 November 1979) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.	Matt Stevic	12 November 1979
date of birth	Vincent Logan was born in Bathgate, West Lothian on 30 June 1941, the second youngest of five brothers.	Vincent Logan	30 June 1941
date of birth	Madabhushi Sridhar Acharyulu (born 10 November 1956) is an Indian academic and Central Information Commissioner.	Madabhushi Sridhar	10 November 1956
date of birth	Saif Uddin Ahmad (Bengali: সাইফ উদ্দিন আহমদ; born 28 February 1957) is a Bangladesh-born British humanitarian and Chief Executive Officer of Al-Khair Foundation.	Saif Uddin Ahmad	28 February 1957
date of birth	Michael D. Knox (born 1946, in Wyandotte, Michigan), is a Licensed Clinical Psychologist, Distinguished University Professor, author, Research Center Director, and Founder and CEO of the US Peace Memorial Foundation, a 501(c)(3) public charity.	Michael D. Knox	1946
date of birth	Aselefech Mergia Medessa (Amharic: አሰለፈች መርግአ; born 23 January 1985) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in the marathon.	Aselefech Mergia	23 January 1985
date of birth	Michele McDonald (born c. 1953) is an American nurse, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss USA 1971 and represented USA at Miss Universe 1971 and one of the Semi-finalists.	Michele McDonald	1953
date of birth	Ted Goodwin (born 1953) of Māori descent is an Australian former professional rugby league player in the NSWRL competition.	Ted Goodwin	1953
date of birth	Shmuel Oswald Rufeisen (1922--1998), better known as Brother (or Father) Daniel, O.C.D., was a Polish-born Jew who survived the Nazi invasion of his homeland, in the course of which he converted to Christianity, becoming a Catholic and a friar of the Discalced Carmelite Order.	Oswald Rufeisen	1922
date of birth	Nicholas Hely Hutchinson (born 1955) is a painter, based in Dorset.	Nicholas Hely Hutchinson	1955
date of birth	Tommy Fitzgerald (born 2 January 1970) was an Irish soccer player during the 1990s.	Tommy Fitzgerald	2 January 1970
date of birth	Arthur Jepson (12 July 1915 -- 17 July 1997) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire before becoming an umpire.	Arthur Jepson	12 July 1915
date of birth	Howard Rogers (born 1932) is an illustrator who specialised in drawing nude figures and cowboy scenes.	Howard Rogers	1932
date of birth	Vitaliy Baranov (Ukrainian: Віталій Баранов; born 18 January 1975) is a former competitive ice dancer.	Vitaliy Baranov	18 January 1975
date of birth	Alain Destexhe (born 19 June 1958) is a Belgian liberal politician.	Alain Destexhe	19 June 1958
date of birth	Donato Bottone (born 21 June 1988) is an Italian footballer, He didn't sign for Sondrio because he and his girlfriend,who is pregnant, didn't like the city and went away before signing the contract withSondrio Calcio	Donato Bottone	21 June 1988
date of birth	Mayumi Kawasaki (Japanese: 川崎 真裕美; born 10 May 1980) is a Japanese race walker.	Mayumi Kawasaki	10 May 1980
date of birth	Robert Nebřenský (born 8 February 1964) is a Czech actor, musician, comedian, songwriter and composer.	Robert Nebřenský	8 February 1964
date of birth	Jamshed Ahmed (born 10 December 1988) in Lahore is a Pakistani left-arm swing bowler.	Jamshed Ahmed	10 December 1988
date of birth	Rachel Lloyd (born 1975) is a British anti trafficking advocate, author and the founder of Girls Educational and Mentoring Services.	Rachel Lloyd	1975
date of birth	James Hilterbrand (born 21 May 1989) is an Australian-born United States international rugby union player, currently playing for South African Currie Cup side the Eastern Province Kings.	James Hilterbrand	21 May 1989
date of birth	Kim Nelson (born 1958 Kiama, ((New South Wales)died 12 August 2015)) was an Australian artist.	Kim Nelson	1958
date of birth	Patrick Wensink is an American author (born 1979).	Patrick Wensink	1979
date of birth	Faye Armitage (born 29 May 1958 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a health activist and Florida politician, known for her advocacy efforts in support of stem cell research.	Faye Armitage	29 May 1958
date of birth	Stuart Pivar (born 1930) is a chemist, art collector and author from Brooklyn, New York.	Stuart Pivar	1930
date of birth	Li Xiangyu (born 21 October 1985 in Shuangyashan, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres.	Li Xiangyu	21 October 1985
date of birth	Nathan of Gaza was born in Jerusalem around 1643-1644; he died on Friday, January 11, 1680 in Macedonia.	Nathan of Gaza	1644
date of birth	William George Clark (March 1821 -- 6 November 1878) was an English classical and Shakespearean scholar.	William George Clark	March 1821
date of birth	Václav Dobruský (Bulgarian: Вацлав Добруски, Vatslav Dobruski; 11 August 1858--24 December 1916) was a Czech archaeologist, epigrapher and numismatist who was mostly active in Bulgaria.	Václav Dobruský	11 August 1858
date of birth	Anthony Masterson (born on 5 January 1983) is an Irish sportsperson who currently plays Gaelic football for Wexford Senior Football Championship team Castletown GAA and the Wexford intercounty team since making his debut in 2005.	Anthony Masterson	5 January 1983
date of birth	Davide Recchiuti (born 1 April 1994) is a former Italian professional footballer who plays for San Nicolò.	Davide Recchiuti	1 April 1994
date of birth	Anna Bayle (born 1956) is a Filipino ex-model who achieved success in the late 1970s and 1980s.	Anna Bayle	1956
date of birth	Mark Pendergrast (born 1948) is an American independent scholar and author of five books, including Mirror Mirror:	Mark Pendergrast	1948
date of birth	Yaser Hacımustafaoğlu (born 14 October 1991) is a Turkish professional footballer who is currently a free agent after his contract with Belediye Vanspor expired in May 2012.	Yaser Hacımustafaoğlu	14 October 1991
date of birth	Halil Savda (born 1974) is a Turkish conscientious objector who has been subjected to continued arrest and conviction for his refusal to serve mandatory military service -- in direct violation of Turkish law.	Halil Savda	1974
date of birth	Carter Mull (born 1977 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American artist working in Los Angeles.	Carter Mull	1977
date of birth	Syed Nayyar Hussain (born 16 January 1936, Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, India) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1955 to 1978.	Nayyar Hussain	16 January 1936
date of birth	Maiko Jeong Shun Lee, The Dowager Viscountess Rothermere (born 1949) is a Korean citizen born in Japan who has also lived in New York, Paris and London.	Maiko Jeong Shun Lee, The Dowager Viscountess Rothermere	1949
date of birth	Muhamed Preljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Мухамед Прељевић, born 16 June 1964) is a Serbian-born Bosnian former footballer and now a coach.	Muhamed Preljević	16 June 1964
date of birth	Jonathan Bartley (born London, 16 October 1971) is an English politician and member of the Green Party of England and Wales.	Jonathan Bartley	1971
date of birth	Jordan Banjo (born 31 December 1992) is a British street dancer, best known as a current member of the dance troupe Diversity, who won the third series of Britain's Got Talent.	Jordan Banjo	31 December 1992
date of birth	Denzil Holles, 3rd Baron Holles (1675 -- c.1692) was an English statesman, son of Francis Holles, 2nd Baron Holles, and grandson of Denzil Holles, 1st Baron Holles (best known as one of the five members of parliament whom King Charles I of England attempted to arrest in 1642).	Denzil Holles, 3rd Baron Holles	1675
date of birth	Stefan Edwall (born 1971) is an ITHF table hockey player.	Stefan Edwall	1971
date of birth	Lindley Darden (born 1945) is a contemporary philosopher of science, with a research focus on the philosophy of biology.	Lindley Darden	1945
date of birth	Walter Sichel (1855-1933) was an English biographer and lawyer, the brother of Edith Helen Sichel, of German descent, born in London and educated at Harrow and at Balliol College, Oxford.	Walter Sichel	1855
date of birth	Gayla Reid (born 12 May 1945) is an Australian-born Canadian writer.	Gayla Reid	12 May 1945
date of birth	Khun Bedu (born 1984) is an ethnically Karenni Burmese political activist, who was imprisoned from 2008 to 2012 for organizing protests against the 2008 Constitutional Referendum.	Khun Bedu	1984
date of birth	Gary Cameron (born 14 June 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian (VFL) and Australian Football Leagues.	Gary Cameron	14 June 1966
date of birth	Alena Gerber (born 20 August 1989) is a German model, actress and TV host.	Alena Gerber	20 August 1989
date of birth	Miles Normandale (born 21 September 1991) is an English rugby union player who plays for Cardiff Blues regional team as a lock.	Miles Normandale	21 September 1991
date of birth	Brendan Coogan (born 17 July 1970) is a British television and radio presenter, from Middleton, Lancashire.	Brendan Coogan	17 July 1970
date of birth	Abu Ishaq Al Heweny (Arabic: أبو إسحاق الحوينى‎, born June 1956) is regarded as a Salafi scholar.	Abu Ishaq Al Heweny	June 1956
date of birth	Caio Vianna Martins (1923--1938) is a famous Scout and a Brazilian national hero.	Caio Vianna Martins	1923
date of birth	Adam Brideson (born 17 April 1981, Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian professional rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs.	Adam Brideson	17 April 1981
date of birth	Frederik Christian Raben (23 March 1769 -- 6 July 1838) was a Danish count, traveller and amateur naturalist.	Frederik Christian Raben	1769
date of birth	Andreas Zapatinas (1957-- ) is a Greek automobile designer and industrial designer.	Andreas Zapatinas	1957
date of birth	Linos Chalwe (born 17 September 1980) is a Zambian football (also called soccer) striker.	Linos Chalwe	17 September 1980
date of birth	Yu Youjun (simplified Chinese: 于幼军; traditional Chinese: 于幼軍; pinyin: Yú Yòujūn; born January 1953) is a retired Chinese politician.	Yu Youjun	January 1953
date of birth	Darren Ronan (born 4 November 1976) is an Irish hurler who played for the Cork senior team.	Darren Ronan	4 November 1976
date of birth	William Roy Irwin was born on 7 June 1898 in Ripley, Canada, to Marion Irwin.	William Roy Irwin	7 June 1898
date of birth	Charles Nqakula (born 13 September 1942) is a South African politician who served as Minister of Defence from September 2008 to 2009.	Charles Nqakula	13 September 1942
date of birth	Mika Tauriainen (born 5 January 1975 Sweden) is a Finnish vocalist.	Mika Tauriainen	5 January 1975
date of birth	Michael Hüther (born 24 April 1962) is a German economist and director of the Institut der deutschen Wirtschaft.	Michael Hüther	24 April 1962
date of birth	Ashley Mote (born 25 January 1936) is a former Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for South East England from 2004 to 2009.	Ashley Mote	25 January 1936
date of birth	Richard Tyrone Jones (born 1980) is a performance poet, writer and comedian.	Richard Tyrone Jones	1980
date of birth	Tonino Viali (born 16 September 1960) is a retired Italian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Tonino Viali	16 September 1960
date of birth	According to Sherlock Holmes's index of criminal biographies, Sebastian Moran was born in London in 1840, the son of Sir Augustus Moran, CB, sometime Minister to Persia.	Sebastian Moran	1840
date of birth	Chen Kunshan (simplified Chinese: 陈锟山; traditional Chinese: 陳錕山; pinyin: Chén Kūnshān; born 1 October 1960) is a Taiwanese scientist.	Chen Kunshan	1 October 1960
date of birth	Edwin Battistella (born 1955) is an American linguist known for work on markedness, syntax, and language attitudes.	Edwin Battistella	1955
date of birth	Christer Gardell (born 1960) is a Swedish hedge fund manager.	Christer Gardell	1960
date of birth	Brian Masters (born 1939) is British writer best known for his biographies of mass murderers.	Brian Masters	1939
date of birth	Bruno Råberg (born July 13, 1954) is a Swedish-born jazz bassist, composer and music professor based in Boston.	Bruno Råberg	1954
date of birth	Alex McDade (1905--1937) was a Glasgow labourer who went to Spain to fight with XV International Brigade in the Spanish Civil War He was a Political commissar with the British Battalion and wounded at the Battle of Jarama in February 1937.	Alex McDade	1905
date of birth	Arent Passer (c. 1560 -- 1637) was a stonemason and architect of Dutch origin.	Arent Passer	1560
date of birth	Mario Cimadevilla (born 1954) is an Argentine senator for the Radical Civic Union.	Mario Cimadevilla	1954
date of birth	Fabrício Eduardo Souza (born on 4 January 1980) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Rio Verde.	Fabrício Eduardo Souza	4 January 1980
date of birth	Aleksei Ivanovich Ivanov (Russian: Алексей Иванович Иванов, Chinese: 伊鳳閣; pinyin: Yī Fènggé, 1878--1937) was a Russian Sinologist and Tangutologist.	Aleksei Ivanovich Ivanov	1878
date of birth	Vladimir Ivanovich Zakharov (born 18 October 1961 in Grodno) is a Belarusian guitarist, composer and music teacher.	Vladimir Ivanovich Zakharov	18 October 1961
date of birth	Jagdeep Smart (9 March 1956 -- 4 November 2009) was an Indian artist who completed his Masters in Arts in Faculty of Fine arts from Maharaja Sayaji Roa University.	Jagdeep Smart	9 March 1956
date of birth	Shine Begho Usanga (born 15 September 1985) is a Nigerian radio personality, television host, producer, promoter, brand ambassador and a businesswoman.	Shine Begho	15 September 1985
date of birth	Jakke Honkanen (born 22 May 1960) is a Finnish former rally co-driver, participating as co-driver in the World Rally Championship from 1989 to 2007.	Jakke Honkanen	22 May 1960
date of birth	Edit Balázsovits (born in Budapest, 13 June 1975--) is a Jászai Mari-Award winning Hungarian actress, singer.	Edit Balázsovits	13 June 1975
date of birth	Alexandr Vladimirovich Gussev (Александр Владимирович Гусев, 5 July 1917 -- 31 December 1999), sometimes spelled Gusev in the literature, was a Russian helminthologist specialist of monogeneans.	Alexandr Vladimirovich Gussev	1917
date of birth	Therese Muldowney (born 1987) is a camogie player and social worker, who played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final.	Therese Muldowney	1987
date of birth	Josh Azzarella (born 1978, Ohio) is an artist based in New York, New York.	Josh Azzarella	1978
date of birth	Richard Neer (born c. 1949 in Syracuse, New York) is an American disc jockey and sports radio personality who has been involved in, and has chronicled, key changes in both music and sports radio.	Richard Neer	1949
date of birth	Henri Besozzi (born 1775 in Paris -- d. ?) was an Italian flutist, and also one of the last members of an extensive and traditional Neapolitan family of musicians during the seventeenth, eighteenth and beginning of the nineteenth century.	Henri Besozzi	1775
date of birth	Etienne Bax (born 9 August 1988) is a Dutch sidecarcross rider and the 2015 World Champion.	Etienne Bax	9 August 1988
date of birth	Louis Weisner (born 1899) was a Canadian mathematician at the University of New Brunswick who introduced Weisner's method.	Louis Weisner	1899
date of birth	Dan Clews (born 21 March 1980) is a British born singer/songwriter from Sevenoaks, Kent, England.	Dan Clews	21 March 1980
date of birth	Ferrante Ferranti (born 1960) is a French photographer and architect.	Ferrante Ferranti	1960
date of birth	Niels Wellenberg (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈnils ˈʋɛ.lə(n).ˌbɛrx)) (born 9 August 1982) is a former Dutch footballer.	Niels Wellenberg	9 August 1982
date of birth	Barry Standfield (born 13 February 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Barry Standfield	13 February 1970
date of birth	José Manuel Puig Casauranc (31 January 1888 -- 5 May 1939) was a Mexican politician, diplomat and journalist who served as Secretary of Public Education, Secretary of Industry, Commerce and Labor, Secretary of Foreign Affairs and federal legislator in both the Senate and Chamber of Deputies.	José Manuel Puig Casauranc	31 January 1888
date of birth	Martha Cheney (born 1953) is the author of several titles in the Gifted & Talented book series, which sold more than one million copies.	Martha Cheney	1953
date of birth	Matt Minglewood (born Roy Alexander Batherson, 31 January 1947 in Moncton, New Brunswick) is a Canadian musician whose style can be described as a blend of country, blues, folk, roots and rock.	Matt Minglewood	31 January 1947
date of birth	Rear Admiral Sir Robert Woodard, KCVO, DL (born 13 January 1939) is a former Commander of the Royal Yacht Britannia.	Robert Woodard	13 January 1939
date of birth	Željko Đokić (Serbian Cyrillic: Жeљкo Ђoкић; born 10 May 1982) is a Serbian-born Bosnian footballer, who last played for Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Željko Đokić	10 May 1982
date of birth	Anna Reid (born 1965) is a journalist and author whose work focuses primarily on the history of Eastern Europe.	Anna Reid	1965
date of birth	Antonio Ghomsi (born 22 April 1986) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a left-back.	Antonio Ghomsi	22 April 1986
date of birth	Chintapandu Naveen Kumar (born 17 January 1982) popularly known by his TV characters name as Teenmaar Mallanna is an Indian journalist and television director and actor.	Teenmaar Mallanna	17 January 1982
date of birth	Molly Garnier, born at Salisbury, England in 1981, is an English artist.	Molly Garnier	1981
date of birth	Špela Rozin (born 31 January 1943) is a Slovenian actress that became famous in the cinema of Yugoslavia.	Špela Rozin	31 January 1943
date of birth	Stanley Coren (born 1942) is a psychology professor and neuropsychological researcher who has become best known to the general public for his best selling and award winning books regarding the intelligence, mental abilities and history of dogs.	Stanley Coren	1942
date of birth	Kamal Kamaraju was born on 3 September 1981, in Sevagram (Gandhi ashram), Wardha district of Maharashtra to Jawaharlal Kamaraju and Nirmala Gutta.	Kamal Kamaraju	3 September 1981
date of birth	Kelly Elaine Hoppen MBE (born July 1959) is a South African-born British interior designer, author and proprietor of Kelly Hoppen Interiors.	Kelly Hoppen	July 1959
date of birth	Dan Hausel (born in 1949 in Salt Lake City, Utah, U.S.) a polymath of martial arts, geology, writing, astronomy, art, and public speaking.	Dan Hausel	1949
date of birth	Leonard Jacobson FAIA (7 March 1921 -- 26 December 1992) was an American museum architect.	Leonard Jacobson	7 March 1921
date of birth	Abaoji was born on 872 in Southern Mongolia and had a turbulent childhood.	Abaoji	872
date of birth	Born on 24 August 1736, Stanisław Małachowski came from a wealthy, powerful and influential noble family and was the son of statesman and nobleman Jan Małachowski.	Stanisław Małachowski	24 August 1736
date of birth	Balaji Tambe, commonly known as Shreeguru, was born on 27 June 1940.	Balaji Tambe	27 June 1940
date of birth	Angajan Ramanathan (Tamil: அங்கஜன் இராமநாதன்; born 9 July 1983) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and Member of Parliament.	Angajan Ramanathan	9 July 1983
date of birth	Krisztián Kulcsár (born 28 June 1971) is a Hungarian fencer, who has won two Olympic silver medals in the team épée competition.	Krisztián Kulcsár	28 June 1971
date of birth	Leonardo Carrilho Baptistão (born 26 August 1992), commonly known as Léo Baptistão, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Villarreal CF on loan from Atlético Madrid.	Léo Baptistão	26 August 1992
date of birth	Ferdinando Hastings, 6th Earl of Huntingdon (18 January 1609 -- 13 February 1656), was the son of Henry Hastings, 5th Earl of Huntingdon, and Lady Elizabeth Stanley, the daughter of Ferdinando Stanley, 5th Earl of Derby, and Alice Spencer.	Ferdinando Hastings, 6th Earl of Huntingdon	18 January 1609
date of birth	Annie Famose (born 16 June 1944) is a French former Alpine skier.	Annie Famose	16 June 1944
date of birth	Pocho Lapouble (1942 -- 2009) was an Argentine jazz drummer, composer and arranger.	Pocho Lapouble	1942
date of birth	Johannes Heggland (29 June 1919 -- 24 January 2008) was a Norwegian novelist, short story and children's literature writer, playwright, and politician.	Johannes Heggland	29 June 1919
date of birth	Greg Woodhouse (born 2 January 1960) is a former football (soccer) player.	Greg Woodhouse	2 January 1960
date of birth	Muyiwa Olarewaju (born November 26, 1970) is a British Gospel singer and songwriter who mixes traditional gospel music with elements of world music (from Africa, the Caribbean and Asia), soul, R&B and pop. He is also an experienced performer, broadcaster and presenter.	Muyiwa Olarewaju	1970
date of birth	Marie Karsten (12 April 1872 -- 1953) was a Norwegian interior architect furniture designer and textile designer.	Marie Karsten	12 April 1872
date of birth	Desa Muck (born 29 August 1955) is a Slovenian writer, children's writer and actor.	Desa Muck	29 August 1955
date of birth	Susan Webber Wright (born 1948), also known as Susan Webber Carter, is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas.	Susan Webber Wright	1948
date of birth	John Roettiers (4 July 1631 -- 1703) was a celebrated English engraver and medallist.	John Roettiers	4 July 1631
date of birth	Ebenezer Joseph Mather (12 June 1849 -- 23 December 1927) was the founder of The Royal National Mission to Deep Sea Fishermen now often abbreviated as the Fishermen's Mission.	Ebenezer Joseph Mather	12 June 1849
date of birth	Lynn Pan (Chinese: 潘翎 born 1945 in Shanghai), also Ling Pan, is an author and an expert on the Overseas Chinese.	Lynn Pan	1945
date of birth	William Lisle Bowles (24 September 1762 -- 7 April 1850) was an English priest, poet and critic.	William Lisle Bowles	24 September 1762
date of birth	Ray DiPalma (born in New Kensington, PA in 1943), is an American poet and visual artist who has published more than 40 collections of poetry, graphic work, and translations with various presses in the US and Europe.	Ray DiPalma	1943
date of birth	Stig Håkansson (19 October 1918 -- 2000) was a Swedish sprinter and long jumper, who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m relay at the 1946 European Championships; he finished fifth in the individual 100 m and in the long jump.	Stig Håkansson	19 October 1918
date of birth	Cary Bates (born 1948) is an American comic book, animation television and film writer.	Cary Bates	1948
date of birth	Maurice Dodd (25 October 1922 -- 31 December 2005) was an English writer and cartoonist most notable for his years spent working on The Perishers comic strip published in The Daily Mirror.	Maurice Dodd	25 October 1922
date of birth	Aminata Kabba (born 13 December 1994), better known as A*M*E, is a British singer-songwriter.	A*M*E	13 December 1994
date of birth	Marian Thurm (born 1952) is an American author of short stories and novels.	Marian Thurm	1952
date of birth	Louise Tracy Freeman (born 5 January 1962), better known as Tracy Spencer, is a British Italo disco singer and actress.	Tracy Spencer	5 January 1962
date of birth	Christian Calmes (11 July 1913 -- 5 July 1995) was a Luxembourgian civil servant, lawyer, and historian.	Christian Calmes	11 July 1913
date of birth	Mary Ellmann (1921--89) was an American writer and literary critic.	Mary Ellmann	1921
date of birth	Manuel Pérez Flores (born 22 January 1980) is a Mexican footballer, who plays as a Midfielder for Queretaro F.C.; on loan from CF Monterrey.	Manuel Pérez Flores	22 January 1980
date of birth	Catherine Pégard (born 5 August 1954) is a political journalist.	Catherine Pégard	5 August 1954
date of birth	Graham Carey (born 20 May 1989 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish professional footballer footballer who plays for Football League Two club Plymouth Argyle.	Graham Carey	20 May 1989
date of birth	Zhao Qinggang (Chinese: 赵庆刚; born 24 July 1985) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw.	Zhao Qinggang	24 July 1985
date of birth	Charles E. Bell (born 1858), often known as C.E. Bell, was an American architect of Council Bluffs, Iowa and of Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Charles E. Bell	1858
date of birth	Trent Mitton (born 26 November 1990) is an Australian field hockey player who plays for the WA Thundersticks and the Kookaburras.	Trent Mitton	26 November 1990
date of birth	Gael Baudino (born 1955) is a contemporary American fantasy author who also writes under the pseudonyms of Gael Kathryns, Gael A. Kathryns, and G.A. Kathryns.	Gael Baudino	1955
date of birth	Anton Rosén (born 21 August 1991) is a Swedish motorcycle speedway rider who rides in Swedish Elitserien for Västervik.	Anton Rosén	21 August 1991
date of birth	Irma S. Raker (born 1938) is an American lawyer and jurist from Rockville, Maryland.	Irma S. Raker	1938
date of birth	Beatriz Stix-Brunell (born Miami, 1993) is a ballet dancer presently dancing with The Royal Ballet.	Beatriz Stix-Brunell	1993
date of birth	Hugh Gilgan (1852 - June 17, 1887) was an Irish Major League Baseball player who played in two games for the Brooklyn Atlantics in 1875.	Hugh Gilgan	1852
date of birth	Madhurima Tuli was born (19 August 1985) in Dhanbad , Jharkhand.	Madhurima Tuli	19 August 1985
date of birth	Richard Mustoe is a former Welsh rugby union footballer (born 9 December 1981).	Richard Mustoe	9 December 1981
date of birth	Elita Kļaviņa (born 3 November 1966) is a Latvian actress and a former journalist.	Elita Kļaviņa	3 November 1966
date of birth	Brian Fridge (born 1969 in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American video artist.	Brian Fridge	1969
date of birth	Youcef Reguigui (born 9 January 1990) is an Algerian road racing cyclist riding for MTN--	Youcef Reguigui	9 January 1990
date of birth	Carmine Furletti (1926 -- January 9, 2008) was a former president of the Brazilian football club Cruzeiro Esporte Clube.	Carmine Furletti	1926
date of birth	John W. Holmdahl (born April 18, 1924) is a United States Democratic politician and a former member of the California legislature.	John W. Holmdahl	1924
date of birth	Sarbottam Dangol (Nepal Bhasa: सर्वोत्तम डंगोल) (Born on 30 August 1955 in Kathmandu, Nepal), politically known as 'Kailash' (Nepali: कैलाश) is a prominent Nepalese leader of Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) (UCPNM) and an ex-central committee member of UCPNM.	Sarbottam Dangol	30 August 1955
date of birth	Vincent Lachambre (born 6 November 1980) is a Belgian footballer who is currently playing for Solières Sport in the Belgian Fourth Division.	Vincent Lachambre	6 November 1980
date of birth	J. Harold Ellens (born 16 July 1932) is a psychologist and theologian.	J. Harold Ellens	16 July 1932
date of birth	Morteza Alviri (Persian: مرتضی الویری‎‎, born 23 November 1948) is an Iranian politician who served as Mayor of Tehran from 1999 to 2001.	Morteza Alviri	23 November 1948
date of birth	Erik Breukink (born 1 April 1964) is a former professional road racing cyclist.	Erik Breukink	1 April 1964
date of birth	Sir Samuel Argall (1572 or 1580 -- 24 January 1626) was an English adventurer and naval officer.	Samuel Argall	1580
date of birth	Portia Clark (born 11 July 1990) is a Zambian R&B and pop singer, songwriter, and philanthropist.	Portia Clark	11 July 1990
date of birth	Katy Moran (born 1975) is an English contemporary artist whose work is in the collection of the Arts Council and the Government Art Collection.	Katy Moran	1975
date of birth	Yeon Namsan (淵男産, 연남산) (639--701) was the third son of the Goguryeo military leader and dictator Yeon Gaesomun (603?--665).	Yeon Namsan	639
date of birth	Avi Katz (Hebrew: אבי כץ‎; born 1949) is a veteran Israeli illustrator and cartoonist.	Avi Katz	1949
date of birth	Georg Christoph Biller (born 20 September 1955) is a German choral conductor.	Georg Christoph Biller	20 September 1955
date of birth	Ralf Außem (born 1 September 1960) is a former German footballer and currently youth team manager of 1.	Ralf Außem	1 September 1960
date of birth	Johan Andreas Lippestad (19 December 1902 -- 7 November 1961) was a Norwegian minister in the NS government of Vidkun Quisling, from 1941 to 1945.	Johan Andreas Lippestad	19 December 1902
date of birth	Mohammed Kazem (born 1969) is a contemporary Emirati artists working in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Mohammed Kazem	1969
date of birth	İsmet Uluğ (1901 -- 27 August 1975) was a Turkish boxer and football player of rivals Galatasaray and Fenerbahçe.	İsmet Uluğ	1901
date of birth	Chanel Beckenlehner (born September 9, 1988) is a Canadian beauty pageant competitor who was crowned Miss Universe Canada 2014 and represented Canada at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant.	Chanel Beckenlehner	1988
date of birth	Kaaris (born Gnakouri Okou in Cocody, Côte d'Ivoire on 30 January 1980) is a French rapper from Sevran.	Kaaris	30 January 1980
date of birth	Janet McAdams (born 1957) is an American poet of Alabama Creek, Scottish, and Irish descent.	Janet McAdams	1957
date of birth	Thomas Lemke (born 24 September 1963 in Bad Lauterberg) is a German sociologist and social theorist.	Thomas Lemke	24 September 1963
date of birth	Tony Ma (born c. 1957 in Vietnam) is an American professional poker player.	Tony Ma	1957
date of birth	Sheldon Dick (1906--1950) was an American publisher, literary agent, photographer, and filmmaker.	Sheldon Dick	1906
date of birth	Gordon Smart (born 31 March 1980 in Edinburgh and raised in Kinross) is a Scottish journalist and editor of The Sun's Scottish edition.	Gordon Smart	31 March 1980
date of birth	H. Marzuki Alie, Ph.D (born in Palembang, South Sumatera on 6 November 1955) is the speaker of the People's Representative Council, 2009-2014 term, as a member of the Partai Demokrat.	Marzuki Alie	6 November 1955
date of birth	Fabián Gómez (born 27 October 1978) is an Argentine professional golfer who has played on a number of the world's golf tours including the PGA Tour, Nationwide Tour, PGA Tour Latinoamérica and the Tour de las Americas.	Fabián Gómez	27 October 1978
date of birth	Graciela Stefani (born 12 May 1960 ) is an Argentine screen and stage actress who portrayed Malala Torres-Oviedo de Santillán in Floricienta, a telenovela based on the Cinderella story.	Graciela Stefani	12 May 1960
date of birth	Wentworth D'Arcy Uhr (31 October 1845 - 18 February 1907) was a noted Australian gold prospector.	Wentworth D'Arcy Uhr	31 October 1845
date of birth	Mauricio Buraglia (born 1954 in Bogotà) is a Colombian composer, recording-artist, musician-lutenist and theorbist of Italian descent, active in Paris, France.	Mauricio Buraglia	1954
date of birth	Dimitris Papangelopoulos (Greek: Δημήτρης Παπαγγελόπουλος; born 1952) is a Greek lawyer and politician who is the current Alternate Minister of Corruption Issues in the Second Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras.	Dimitris Papangelopoulos	1952
date of birth	Jan Lidén (born 1949) is a Swedish businessman and a former Chief Executive Officer of Swedbank, one of Sweden's largest banks.	Jan Lidén	1949
date of birth	Moses Griffiths (6 April 1749 -- 11 November 1819) was a Welsh draughtsman, engraver and water colourist.	Moses Griffiths	6 April 1749
date of birth	Norman Thomas di Giovanni (born 1933) is an American-born editor and translator known for his collaboration with Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges.	Norman Thomas di Giovanni	1933
date of birth	Lombarda (born c. 1190) was an early 13th-century trobairitz from Toulouse (fl. 1217--1262) known only from her vida and a short tenso.	Lombarda	1190
date of birth	Ayata Joseph (born 10 August 1985 in Antigua) is a triple jumper from Antigua and Barbuda.	Ayata Joseph	10 August 1985
date of birth	Tamara Tchinarova Finch (also tr. Chinova; born Tamara Rekemchuk, 1919), is a retired ballet dancer of Armenian, Georgian and Ukrainian descent.	Tamara Tchinarova	1919
date of birth	John Eagles (1783--1855), was an English artist and author.	John Eagles	1783
date of birth	Marinko Koljanin (born 17 November 1957) is a Croatian football manager, a former footballer and a former general manager of HNK Rijeka who is the current manager of Al-Nasr S.C.S.C. in Oman Professional League.	Marinko Koljanin	17 November 1957
date of birth	Peggy Payne (born 1949) is a writer, journalist and consultant to writers.	Peggy Payne	1949
date of birth	Ruthven Deane (20 August 1851 -- 20 March 1934) was an American ornithologist, noted as a founding member of the American Ornithologists' Union and for his collection of photographic portraits of ornithologists and naturalists.	Ruthven Deane	20 August 1851
date of birth	John Erick Dowdle (born December 1973) is an American director, producer, screenwriter, and editor, best known for horror films.	John Erick Dowdle	1973
date of birth	Nechan Karakéhéyan, Patriarchal Congregation of Bzommar (born on 17 April 1932 in Piraeus, Greece) was an Ordinate emeritus of Greece to Armenian Catholics.	Nechan Karakéhéyan	17 April 1932
date of birth	Tadhg mac Dáire Mac Bruaideadha) (1570--1652) was an Irish Gaelic poet and historian.	Tadhg mac Dáire Mac Bruaideadha	1570
date of birth	Norman Lumsden (16 September 1906 -- 28 November 2001) was a British opera singer and actor.	Norman Lumsden	16 September 1906
date of birth	Raja Basit Javed (born 2 September 1993) is a Danish cricketer who is more commonly known as Basit Raja.	Basit Raja	2 September 1993
date of birth	Gor Sujyan (Armenian: Գոռ Սուջյան, born 25 July 1987) is an Armenian rock singer and lead singer of the Armenian rock band Dorians.	Gor Sujyan	25 July 1987
date of birth	Egoitz García Echeguibel (born 31 March 1986) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI Continental team Murias Taldea.	Egoitz García	31 March 1986
date of birth	Leyzller Jorge Lopes de Araújo (born 29 July 1988), known as Jorge Araújo or simply Araújo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a right back or right winger for Bragantino.	Leyzller Jorge Lopes de Araújo	29 July 1988
date of birth	Abul Maal Abdul Muhith (Bengali: আবুল মাল আব্দুল মুহিত; born 6 October 1934) is an economist, diplomat, and a Bengali Language Movement veteran from Bangladesh.	Abul Maal Abdul Muhith	6 October 1934
date of birth	Edward Hussey-Montagu, 1st Earl Beaulieu, KB (1721 -- 25 November 1802) was a British peer and politician.	Edward Hussey-Montagu, 1st Earl Beaulieu	1721
date of birth	Stelios Sfakianakis (Greek: Στέλιος Σφακιανάκης; born 19 March 1976) is a Greek footballer who is a free agent.	Stelios Sfakianakis	19 March 1976
date of birth	Geoffrey the Grammarian (fl. 1440) (in Latin: Galfridus Grammaticus) was a medieval monk and a grammarian who wrote several treatises.	Geoffrey the Grammarian	1440
date of birth	Rajendra Prasad Das was born on the 15 July 1930, in Samia village of Jajpur District of Orissa, to Alekh Prasad Das and Snehalata Devi, who were disciples of Mahatma Gandhi, noted freedom fighters and social workers.	Rajendra Prasad Das	15 July 1930
date of birth	Anne Louise Hassing (born 17 September 1967) is a Danish actress best known for her award-winning roles in the films The Idiots (Danish: Idioterne) and Pain of Love (Danish: Kærlighedens Smerte).	Anne Louise Hassing	17 September 1967
date of birth	Dan Ettinger (Hebrew: דן אטינגר‎; June 10, 1971) is an Israeli conductor.	Dan Ettinger	1971
date of birth	John Windebank (1618--1704) a doctor of medicine who was admitted an honorary fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1680 and was buried in Westminster Abbey.	John Windebank	1618
date of birth	Ernesto Paglia (born 9 April 1959, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian television journalist currently working for Rede Globo.	Ernesto Paglia	1959
date of birth	Peter Kauzer (born 8 September 1983, in Trbovlje) is a Slovenian slalom canoeist who has competed since the late 1990s.	Peter Kauzer	8 September 1983
date of birth	Jean-Jacques Manget (or Johann Jacob Mangetus) (1652--1742) was a Genevan physician and writer.	Jean-Jacques Manget	1652
date of birth	Gaura Pant (17 October 1923-- 21 March 2003), better known as Shivani, was one of the popular Hindi magazine story writers of the 20th century and a pioneer in writing Indian women based fiction.	Shivani	17 October 1923
date of birth	Brigadier-General Lawrence Nilson (1734--1811) was a British Army officer.	Lawrence Nilson	1734
date of birth	Shriprakash Prakash (born 23 December 1966), also known as simply Shriprakash, is an Indian activist and independent documentary filmmaker.	Shriprakash Prakash	23 December 1966
date of birth	Lance Regnier (17 July 1919 -- 13 July 1982) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Lance Regnier	17 July 1919
date of birth	Liang Eng Hwa (Chinese: 连荣华; pinyin: Lián Rónghuá, born 20 March 1964) is politician from the People's Action Party (PAP).	Liang Eng Hwa	20 March 1964
date of birth	Henry Roxby Beverley (1790 -- 1 February 1863) was an English actor and low comedian.	Henry Roxby Beverley	1790
date of birth	Ross Abbey (born 21 January 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played with Footscray, now known as the Western Bulldogs, in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ross Abbey	21 January 1953
date of birth	Julian Coryell (born 1973) is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, and producer.	Julian Coryell	1973
date of birth	David Muñoz Rodríguez (born 1950) is a professor and researcher with the Tec de Monterrey, Campus Monterrey, specializing in electronic communications.	David Muñoz Rodríguez	1950
date of birth	Shari Rhodes (July 14, 1938 -- December 20, 2009) was an American casting director and producer.	Shari Rhodes	1938
date of birth	Bikram Lama (Nepali: बिक्रम लामा) (born 23 February 1989) is a Nepalese football players.	Bikram Lama	23 February 1989
date of birth	Rune Vikeby (born 24 August 1964) is a Norwegian sport shooter who has won the IPSC Norwegian Handgun Championship 5 times, and the Norwegian Sivilpistol Championship 8 times.	Rune Vikeby	24 August 1964
date of birth	Julia Niewiarowska-Brzozowska (1827--1891) was a Polish Romantic era composer.	Julia Niewiarowska-Brzozowska	1827
date of birth	Nolen Niu (born 1975) is an American Industrial Designer who received his Bachelor of Science in Industrial Design from the Art Center College of Design located in Pasadena, California.	Nolen Niu	1975
date of birth	Lino Ravecca (1920) is an Italian trade unionist and syndicalist.	Lino Ravecca	1920
date of birth	Elise Matthysen (born 13 July 1992 in Kalmthout) is a retired Belgian swimmer who specialised in breaststroke.	Elise Matthysen	13 July 1992
date of birth	Benni Ljungbeck (born 20 July 1958) is a Swedish wrestler.	Benni Ljungbeck	20 July 1958
date of birth	Mary Carlin Yates (born 1946 in Portland, Oregon) is a Foreign Service Officer at the U.S. State Department and was one of two deputy commanders of the United States Africa Command until June 2009.	Mary Carlin Yates	1946
date of birth	Maria Canins (born 5 July 1949, in La Villa, Alta Badia) is an Italian racing cyclist who twice won and came second three times in the Grande Boucle.	Maria Canins	5 July 1949
date of birth	José Antonio Pinto Castro (1817 - February 26, 1887) was a Costa Rican politician, son of General Antonio Pinto Soares and María del Rosario Castro Ramírez.	José Antonio Pinto Castro	1817
date of birth	Magnus Maximus (Latin: Flavius Magnus Maximus Augustus, Welsh: Macsen Wledig) (ca. 335 -- August 28, 388) was Western Roman Emperor from 383 to 388.	Magnus Maximus	335
date of birth	Robert Alesch (b. Aspelt, Luxembourg, 1906, d. by firing squad at Fort de Montrouge Arcueil, France, 1949) was a priest and collaborator with Nazi Germany during the Second World War.	Robert Alesch	1906
date of birth	Paskalia Chepkorir Kipkoech (also known as Pasalia Jepkorir; born 22 December 1988) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes mainly in half marathon races.	Paskalia Chepkorir Kipkoech	22 December 1988
date of birth	Commander Charlotte Manley, LVO, OBE (born 1957) has been Chapter Clerk of St George's Chapel, Windsor since 2003, and was Private Secretary and Treasurer to the Duke of York 2001-2003.	Charlotte Manley	1957
date of birth	Emily Lyle (born 19 December 1932 in Glasgow) is a Scottish ballad scholar and Senior Research Fellow in the School of Celtic and Scottish Studies at the University of Edinburgh.	Emily Lyle	19 December 1932
date of birth	James Trewynnard (ca. 1505-1572 or later), of Budock, Cornwall, was an English politician.	James Trewynnard	1505
date of birth	Mário José dos Reis Emiliano(born 23 May 1957), commonly known as Marinho, is a retired Brazilian professional footballer and current assistant manager of Bangu.	Mário José dos Reis Emiliano	23 May 1957
date of birth	Guido van der Werve (born 1977) is a Dutch filmmaker and visual artist, notable for producing works physically testing his endurance.	Guido van der Werve	1977
date of birth	Fatima Whitbread MBE (born Fatima Vedad; 3 March 1961) is a British former javelin thrower.	Fatima Whitbread	3 March 1961
date of birth	Khanlar Hajiyev (9 September 1956) is an Azerbaijan judge, and currently the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Azerbaijan.	Khanlar Hajiyev	9 September 1956
date of birth	Breandán Ó Buachalla (1936 -- 20 May 2010) was an Irish scholar of the Irish language.	Breandán Ó Buachalla	1936
date of birth	Ismael Íñiguez González (born 23 July 1981 in Ocotlan, Jalisco) is a Mexican footballer, who plays for Correcaminos on loan from Pumas UNAM.	Ismael Íñiguez	23 July 1981
date of birth	Bhai Lalo was born in 1452 at the village of Saidpur presently known as Eminabad in Pakistan.	Bhai Lalo	1452
date of birth	He was the eldest son of the Rev. James Esdaile and Margaret Blair, born on 6 February 1808 in Montrose, Angus, Scotland.	James Esdaile	6 February 1808
date of birth	Rick Brattin (born 1980) is a state representative from the U.S. state of Missouri currently serving his third term in the Missouri House of Representatives.	Rick Brattin	1980
date of birth	Hon. John Tayloe III (September 1770 -- March 23, 1828), of Richmond County, Virginia, was prominent in business, government, and social circles.	John Tayloe III	September 1770
date of birth	Peter Elkus (born in 1939 in San Francisco, California) is a voice teacher giving master classes for both singers and instrumentalists.	Peter Elkus	1939
date of birth	Born in 1834 in Hesse-Darmstadt, Germany, Edward Lupus arrived in Baltimore at age 19 on November 8, 1853 from Bremen.	Edward Lupus	1834
date of birth	Ursula Küper (born 28 November 1937) is a retired German swimmer.	Ursula Küper	28 November 1937
date of birth	Bruce Robinson (born 2 May 1946) is an English director, screenwriter, novelist and actor.	Bruce Robinson	2 May 1946
date of birth	Caroline Stevermer (born 1955) is a writer of young adult fantasy novels and shorter works.	Caroline Stevermer	1955
date of birth	Anna Mary Howitt (married name Anna Mary Watts, 15 January 1824 -- 23 July 1884) was an English painter, writer and feminist.	Anna Mary Howitt	15 January 1824
date of birth	Colin Carr (born 25 October 1957) is a British cello soloist, chamber musician, recording artist and teacher.	Colin Carr	25 October 1957
date of birth	Paolo Hendel (born 2 January 1952) is an Italian actor, playwright and comedian.	Paolo Hendel	2 January 1952
date of birth	Ernst Pitner (1838--1896) was an Austrian lieutenant who accompanied Archduke Maximilian to Mexico in 1864.	Ernst Pitner	1838
date of birth	Fathi Shaqaqi (Arabic: فتحي الشقاقي‎; 1951 -- 26 October 1995) was the co-founder and Secretary-General of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine.	Fathi Shaqaqi	1951
date of birth	Ingrid Schaffner (born 1961) is a curator and writer who has been working in contemporary art since the mid-1980s.	Ingrid Schaffner	1961
date of birth	Galen Fox (born 1943) is a former Hawaii state representative who resigned from the Hawaii legislature on December 1, 2005 after being convicted of misdemeanor sex abuse charges.	Galen Fox	1943
date of birth	James David Rubadiri (born 19 July 1930 in Liuli) is a Malawian diplomat, academic and poet, playwright and novelist.	David Rubadiri	19 July 1930
date of birth	Richarda Morrow-Tait (22 November 1923 -- 17 December 1982) was the first woman pilot to fly around the world, accomplishing the feat after a number of mishaps in a year and a day.	Richarda Morrow-Tait	22 November 1923
date of birth	Miguel Gálvez-Taroncher (born in Valencia, 1974) is a Spanish cultural manager and musician, trained in Madrid and Vienna.	Miguel Gálvez-Taroncher	1974
date of birth	David Morrison Armstrong (1805 -- April 14, 1873) was a merchant, insurance agent and political figure in Quebec.	David Morrison Armstrong	1805
date of birth	Armando Santiago (born 18 June 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator, and university administrator of Portuguese birth.	Armando Santiago	18 June 1932
date of birth	Abderrazak Khairi (born 20 November 1962), is a Moroccan former football player and current coach of Sohar Club in the Omani League.	Abderrazak Khairi	20 November 1962
date of birth	Gyomay Kubose (1905--2000), born Masao Kubose was a Japanese-American Buddhist teacher who founded the Buddhist Temple of Chicago in 1944.	Gyomay Kubose	1905
date of birth	Hector Holthouse (1916 -- 1991,) was an Australian journalist and author.	Hector Holthouse	1916
date of birth	Dominic Robinson (born 1965) is a computer game programmer.	Dominic Robinson	1965
date of birth	Mustafa Al-Bassam (born January 1995), alias Tflow, is a former black hat hacker who was one of the six core members of LulzSec during its 50-day spree of attacks in the spring of 2011.	Mustafa Al-Bassam	1995
date of birth	Jason Bargwanna (born 26 April 1972 in Sydney) is an ex Australian motor racing driver.	Jason Bargwanna	26 April 1972
date of birth	Pauline Matthews (born 6 March 1947), better known by her stage name Kiki Dee, is an English singer.	Kiki Dee	6 March 1947
date of birth	Grigoris Georgatos (Greek: Γρηγόρης Γεωργάτος; born 31 October 1972), also known as ``Trelos Karaflos'' (literally translated, ``crazy bald''), is a retired Greek footballer.	Grigoris Georgatos	31 October 1972
date of birth	Günter Dreyer (born 1943) is an Egyptologist at the German Archaeological Institute.	Günter Dreyer	1943
date of birth	Nick Wilton (born 8 March 1957) is an English actor and scriptwriter.	Nick Wilton	8 March 1957
date of birth	Eddie Robson (born 20 December 1978) is a comedy and science fiction writer best known for his sitcom Welcome to Our Village, Please Invade Carefully and his work on a variety of spin-offs from the BBC Television series Doctor Who.	Eddie Robson	20 December 1978
date of birth	Alex Wade (born 1966) is a British writer, freelance journalist and media lawyer.	Alex Wade	1966
date of birth	Margie Adam (born 1947 in Lompoc, California, U.S.) is an American musician and composer.	Margie Adam	1947
date of birth	Márcia Honório da Silva (born 22 August 1962), commonly known as Marcinha, is a Brazilian football coach and former player.	Marcinha	22 August 1962
date of birth	Victoria Griffiths (born 9 October 1984) is an English runner who specializes in the 800 metres.	Victoria Griffiths	9 October 1984
date of birth	Fergus Wallace (born 2 February 1965) is a Scottish former rugby union player for Glasgow Rugby, now known as Glasgow Warriors.	Fergus Wallace	2 February 1965
date of birth	Markus Hillukkala (born 1987) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Bollnäs GIF (2005-) as a defender.	Markus Hillukkala	1987
date of birth	Khadyja Fofana (born 21 June 1980 in Koidu Town, Sierra Leone) better known by her stage name Khady Black is a Sierra Leonean rastafarian and Roots reggae musician.	Khady Black	21 June 1980
date of birth	Nick Perumov (Russian: Ник Перумов) is the pen name of Nikolay Daniilovich Perumov (Russian: Николай Даниилович Перумов; born 21 November 1963), a Russian fantasy and science fiction writer.	Nick Perumov	21 November 1963
date of birth	Jörg Schäfer (born 17 July 1959) is a retired West German hammer thrower.	Jörg Schäfer	17 July 1959
date of birth	Henri Cole (born 1956) is an American poet, who has published nine collections of poetry in English.	Henri Cole	1956
date of birth	Joe Melson (born May 1935) is an American singer and a BMI Award-winning songwriter.	Joe Melson	May 1935
date of birth	Helen Shiller (born 1947) is a former Alderman of the 46th ward in Chicago, Illinois.	Helen Shiller	1947
date of birth	Lefteris Vogiatzes (1945--1/5/2013) was a Greek theater actor and director.	Lefteris Vogiatzes	1945
date of birth	Abhimanyu Mithun (Kannada: ಅಭಿಮನ್ಯು ಮಿಥುನ್) (born 25 October 1989) is an Indian international cricketer.	Abhimanyu Mithun	25 October 1989
date of birth	Anthony Tohill (Irish: Antóin Ó Tuathail; born 2 August 1971) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1990s and early 2000s.	Anthony Tohill	2 August 1971
date of birth	Maksym Tymchenko (Maxim Timchenko; Ukrainian: Максим Вікторович Тімченко) (born 12 August 1975) has been the chief executive officer and chairman of DTEK Management Board since 2005.	Maksym Tymchenko	12 August 1975
date of birth	Kyriakos Velopoulos (Greek: Κυριάκος Βελόπουλος; born 24 October 1965) is a Greek politician and former parliament member, and television personality.	Kyriakos Velopoulos	24 October 1965
date of birth	Baron Jacques De Staercke (born 1927) is a Belgian businessman and politician.	Jacques De Staercke	1927
date of birth	Pietro Castelli (1574--1662) was an Italian physician and botanist.	Pietro Castelli	1574
date of birth	Erna Bennett (1925--2012) was a plant geneticist and one of the early pioneers of genetic conservation (biodiversity conservation).	Erna Bennett	1925
date of birth	Rabbi Yitzchak Eizik Epstein was born in 1770 and joined the Chabad Hassidic movement during the lifetime of the first Chabad Rebbe, Rabbi Schneur Zalman of Liadi.	Yitzchak Eizik Epstein	1770
date of birth	Elizabeth Best was born in central Victoria, 1977.	Elizabeth Best	1977
date of birth	Chris Whitten (born 26 March 1959) is a British session drummer who provided drums for the hit singles ``What I Am'' by Edie Brickell & New Bohemians, ``World Shut your Mouth'' by Julian Cope and ``The Whole of the Moon'' by The Waterboys.	Chris Whitten	26 March 1959
date of birth	Jean-Baptiste Côté (30 May 1832 -- 9 April 1907) was a Canadian architect, wood-carver, glider, wood engraver, caricaturist, publisher, and printer.	Jean-Baptiste Côté	30 May 1832
date of birth	Ole Worm (13 May 1588 -- 31 August 1654), who often went by the Latinized form of his name Olaus Wormius, was a Danish physician and antiquary.	Ole Worm	13 May 1588
date of birth	Yin Fanglong (Chinese: 殷方龙; born November 1953) is a general (shang jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China, and the current Political Commissar of the Central Theater Command.	Yin Fanglong	November 1953
date of birth	Rick Joy (born 1958 Maine, USA) is an American architect.	Rick Joy	1958
date of birth	Víctor Isla Rojas (born 7 August 1968 in Santa Cruz, Alto Amazonas) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician (PNP).	Víctor Isla	7 August 1968
date of birth	Borislav Herak (born 18 January 1971 in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia-Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) was a Bosnian Serb soldier who fought with the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) in the early days of the Bosnian War.	Borislav Herak	18 January 1971
date of birth	Albert Carman (27 June 1833 -- 3 November 1917) was a Canadian Methodist minister and teacher who became head of the Methodist Church in Canada.	Albert Carman	27 June 1833
date of birth	Sir Hugh Sykes, DL, MA, LL.B, CA, Hon LL.D, FCIB, FRSA (b. 1932), is an international industrialist and investor, noted for championing regeneration in and around Sheffield.	Hugh Sykes	1932
date of birth	Mussarat Ahmed Zeb (born 1950 in Nowshera, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) is a Pakistani activist-politician and social entrepreneur, and a member of the former royal family of the State of Swat.	Mussarat Ahmed Zeb	1950
date of birth	Avril Pyman (aka Dr Avril Sokolov, FBA) (born 4 May 1930) is a British scholar and translator of Russian literature.	Avril Pyman	1930
date of birth	Paul Heroux (born Taunton, Massachusetts, 1976) is an American politician who is the State Representative from the Second Bristol District, Massachusetts, first elected in 2012.	Paul Heroux	1976
date of birth	Gunhild Hoffmeister (born 6 July 1944 in Forst) is a retired East German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.	Gunhild Hoffmeister	6 July 1944
date of birth	Ethelbert Ludlow Dudley (1818 -- February 20, 1862) was a prominent Kentucky physician and a member of the faculty of Transylvania Medical School.	Ethelbert Ludlow Dudley	1818
date of birth	Adolfo Lazzarini Osorio (7 May 1952 -- 1 July 2010) was a naturalized Paraguayan footballer who played as a winger.	Adolfo Lazzarini	7 May 1952
date of birth	Robin Stewart (9 October 1946 -- 22 November 2015) was an English actor, game show host and reporter who was best known for playing Mike Abbott, the son of Sid James character Sid Abbott in the 1970s sitcom Bless This House.	Robin Stewart	9 October 1946
date of birth	Per-Edvin Persson (born 1949 in Helsinki) is Director of Heureka, the Finnish Science Centre, since 1991.	Per-Edvin Persson	1949
date of birth	Tahira Kochhar (born Tahira Kochar,31 January 1990) is an Indian actress and former model.	Tahira Kochhar	31 January 1990
date of birth	Mohammad Alirezaei Dizicheh (Persian: محمد علیرضایی دیزیچه ‎, born 27 July 1985 in Esfahan) is an Iranian breaststroke swimmer.	Mohammad Alirezaei	27 July 1985
date of birth	Slimane Khalfaoui (born 1975, Algeria) was a French-Algerian terrorist convicted of the Strasbourg Cathedral bombing plot in 2004 and sentenced to 10 years in prison.	Slimane Khalfaoui	1975
date of birth	Jeff Rezabek (born March 27, 1969) is the Representative of the 43rd district of the Ohio House of Representatives.	Jeff Rezabek	1969
date of birth	Daddy Birori (born 12 December 1986), also known as Etekiama Agiti Tady, is a Rwandan international footballer who plays for AS Vita Club, as a striker.	Daddy Birori	12 December 1986
date of birth	José Vicente Rangel Vale (born 10 July 1929) is a Venezuelan leftist politician.	José Vicente Rangel	10 July 1929
date of birth	Kevin Chelimo (born 14 February 1983) is a Kenyan long- and middle-distance runner.	Kevin Chelimo	14 February 1983
date of birth	Durga Narayan Bhagwat (1910--2002), popularly known as Durga Bhagwat, was an Indian scholar, socialist and writer.	Durga Bhagwat	1910
date of birth	Jiang Linhe (Chinese: 姜林和, b. December 1947) is a Chinese painter, famous for depictions of nature.	Jiang Linhe	December 1947
date of birth	Shaun Eli Breidbart (born 1961) is an American stand-up comedian and comedy writer.	Shaun Eli Breidbart	1961
date of birth	Lyndam Gregory (c. 1955 -- July 15, 2014) was an Indian-born British theatre, television, soap opera, and voiceover actor.	Lyndam Gregory	1955
date of birth	Gibbons Bagnall (1719--1800) was an English poetical writer.	Gibbons Bagnall	1719
date of birth	Tunde Adegbola, born 1 August 1955, also known as T. A. or Uncle T, is a scientist, musician, engineer, linguist and cultural activist.	Tunde Adegbola	1 August 1955
date of birth	Giorgio Puia (8 March 1938) is an Italian football manager and former player who played as a defender.	Giorgio Puia	8 March 1938
date of birth	Brian Chippendale (born 1973 in New York City, New York) is a musician and artist based in Providence, Rhode Island.	Brian Chippendale	1973
date of birth	Mirela Ivanova (Bulgarian: Мирела Иванова) (born 11 May 1962 in Sofia) is one of the most famous modern Bulgarian poets.	Mirela Ivanova	11 May 1962
date of birth	Giorgos Niklitsiotis (Greek: Γιώργος Νικλητσιώτης, born 23 March 1991) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Panargiakos F.C. as a Attacking Midfielder.	Giorgos Niklitsiotis	23 March 1991
date of birth	Cecil Dumond (born 8 April 1987) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with club side Rustenburg Impala.	Cecil Dumond	8 April 1987
date of birth	Lucy Simon (born 1943) is an American composer for the theatre and popular songs.	Lucy Simon	1943
date of birth	Kathryn Hendley (b. 1958) is an American professor of law and politics, and is currently the William Voss-Bascom Professor of Law and Political Science at the University of Wisconsin--	Kathryn Hendley	1958
date of birth	Seán McGrath (born 27 December 1991) is an Irish hurler who plays as a full forward for the Kilmacud Crokes senior team.	Seán McGrath	27 December 1991
date of birth	James De Alwis (born 1823) was a lawyer, writer, poet and a prominent colonial era legislator from Ceylon.	James De Alwis	1823
date of birth	Johnny Kingdom (born 23 February 1939) is an English wildlife filmmaker, specialising in his local area of Exmoor in North Devon.	Johnny Kingdom	23 February 1939
date of birth	Renato Piccolotto is an internationally renowned Italian Chef, was born in Asolo (Province of Treviso) in 1954 and is the Executive Chef of the Hotel Cipriani in Venice where he started working in 1983.	Renato Piccolotto	1954
date of birth	Ayşegül Aldinç (Turkish pronunciation: (aːjʃeˈɟyl alˈdintʃ)) (born 28. September 1957 in Istanbul) is a Turkish singer and actress.	Ayşegül Aldinç	28. September 1957
date of birth	Katulu Ravi Kumar (born 24 April 1988) is an Indian weightlifter from Odisha.	Katulu Ravi Kumar	24 April 1988
date of birth	Selçuk Aydın (born 4 September 1983) is a Turkish professional boxer and former WBC Silver welterweight champion.	Selçuk Aydın	4 September 1983
date of birth	Mansour Assoumani Gammali (born 30 January 1983) is a French born Malian footballer.	Mansour Assoumani	30 January 1983
date of birth	Nicolas Pooran (pronunciation: /ˌpuːrɑːn/; born 2 October 1995) is a Trinidadian cricketer who plays for Trinidad and Tobago in West Indian domestic matches and for the Red Steel in the Caribbean Premier League (CPL).	Nicolas Pooran	2 October 1995
date of birth	Quarter-Gunner James Tallentine (1840 to January 15, 1865) was an American sailor who fought in the American Civil War.	James Tallentine	1840
date of birth	Troy Kotsur (born c. 1968) is a deaf American actor.	Troy Kotsur	1968
date of birth	Güray Vural (born 11 June 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a wing back for Trabzonspor in the Süper Lig.	Güray Vural	11 June 1988
date of birth	Anja Štefan (Rijeka, 3 August 1988) is a Croatian snowboarder.	Anja Štefan	3 August 1988
date of birth	Nikias Arndt (born 18 November 1991) is a German track and road cyclist, who rides professionally for the Giant-Alpecin team.	Nikias Arndt	18 November 1991
date of birth	Vladimir Tošić (also spelled Vladimir Tosic) (born Belgrade, Yugoslavia, 1949) is a Serbian composer and visual artist.	Vladimir Tošić	1949
date of birth	Hans T. Blokland (born 1960) is a Dutch social and political theorist.	Hans T. Blokland	1960
date of birth	Duffy Ayers (born Elizabeth (Betty) Fitzgerald September 19, 1915) is an English portrait painter.	Duffy Ayers	1915
date of birth	Susan G. Scott RCA (1949) is a Canadian artist known for contemporary figurative painting.	Susan G. Scott	1949
date of birth	Laurence Arthur Faunt (1554 -- 28 February 1591) was an English Jesuit theologian and missionary to Poland.	Arthur Faunt	1554
date of birth	Gerald Steinacher (born 2 September 1970) is an Associate Professor of History and Hymen Rosenberg Professor of Judaic Studies at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.	Gerald Steinacher	1970
date of birth	Henry of Eppenstein (usually numbered Henry III; c. 1050 -- 4 December 1122) was Duke of Carinthia and Margrave of Verona from 1090 to 1122.	Henry of Eppenstein	1090
date of birth	Daniela Haralambie (born 14 August 1997) is a Romanian ski jumper who competed in the 2012--13 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup.	Daniela Haralambie	14 August 1997
date of birth	Eleanor Patterson (born 22 May 1996) is an Australian track and field athlete who competes in the high jump.	Eleanor Patterson	22 May 1996
date of birth	Ahmed bin Zayed Al Nahyan (Arabic: أحمد بن زايد آل نهيان‎, 1968 -- 26 March 2010) was an Emirati businessman and the managing director of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority.	Ahmed bin Zayed Al Nahyan	1968
date of birth	Rajko Vujadinović (born 13 April 1956) is a retired Montenegrin footballer who played as a forward for clubs in Yugoslavia and Greece.	Rajko Vujadinović	13 April 1956
date of birth	Paddy Glackin (born 5 August 1954) is an Irish fiddler and founding member of the Bothy Band.	Paddy Glackin	1954
date of birth	Ali Shamkhani (Persian and Khuzestani Arabic: علی شمخانی, born 29 September 1955) is an Iranian Rear Admiral Upper Half.	Ali Shamkhani	29 September 1955
date of birth	Bridget Harrison (born 22 February 1971) is a freelance journalist and editor based in London who contributes to The Times, Daily Mail, Red Magazine, Top Sante Magazine and BBC Radio London.	Bridget Harrison	22 February 1971
date of birth	A son of William and Ann Bowne, Andrew Bowne was born circa 1638 in Salem, Massachusetts, where he was baptized on August 12, 1638.	Andrew Bowne	1638
date of birth	Alexander Gorlizki (born London, 1967) is a British artist resident in New York.	Alexander Gorlizki	1967
date of birth	Oldřich Vlasák (born 26 November 1955) is a conservative politician who advocates for the interests of self-governing municipalities, cities and regions.	Oldřich Vlasák	26 November 1955
date of birth	Jovaldir Ferreira known as Peris (born 9 January 1982) is a former Brazilian footballer who played left defender.	Jovaldir Ferreira	9 January 1982
date of birth	Richard Cowling Taylor (18 January 1789 -- 26 October 1851) was an English surveyor and geologist.	Richard Cowling Taylor	1789
date of birth	Wanda Osiris (3 June 1905 -- 11 November 1994) was an Italian revue soubrette, actress and singer.	Wanda Osiris	3 June 1905
date of birth	Ming Dao (Chinese: 明道; pinyin: Míng Dào; born 26 February 1980) is a Taiwanese model, actor and singer of quintet boy band 183 Club since 2004.	Ming Dao	26 February 1980
date of birth	Jim Serdaris (born 1 October 1971, Sydney) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s.	Jim Serdaris	1 October 1971
date of birth	Gro Møllerstad (born 1960) is a Norwegian businessperson and former politician for the Labour Party.	Gro Møllerstad	1960
date of birth	Haito was born in 763, of a noble family of Swabia.	Haito	763
date of birth	Jesús Moraes, (born 1955 in Bella Unión, Artigas Department), is an Uruguayan writer, who specializes in short stories.	Jesús Moraes	1955
date of birth	Kamil Przełęcki (born 1972) is a production manager, film and TV producer.	Kamil Przełęcki	1972
date of birth	Vojislav Simeunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Војислав Симеуновић; born 1942) is a Serbian football coach and former player.	Vojislav Simeunović	1942
date of birth	François Hamelin (born 18 December 1986) is a Canadian short track speed skater from Sainte-Julie, Quebec, currently residing in Montreal.	François Hamelin	18 December 1986
date of birth	Vincent Mangematin (born 1965) is a French researcher and professor in management, specialized in Strategy, Strategic management of Innovation and Technology Management.	Vincent Mangematin	1965
date of birth	Sir Joseph Montagu Cotterill, CMG, FRCS (23 November 1851 -- 30 December 1933) was an English cricketer and medical practitioner.	Montagu Cotterill	23 November 1851
date of birth	Dayn Perry (born 1972) is an author and baseball journalist.	Dayn Perry	1972
date of birth	Gary Lazarus (born 21 September 1945) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the VFL during the 1960s.	Gary Lazarus	21 September 1945
date of birth	Klaus Bargsten (31 October 1911 -- 25 October 2000) was the captain and sole survivor of sunken U-521.	Klaus Bargsten	31 October 1911
date of birth	Andrzej Sawa (born 1941) is a Polish-South African photographer.	Andrzej Sawa	1941
date of birth	Gyula Bíró (10 May 1890 -- 1961) was a Jewish-Hungarian football (soccer) player and manager of Jewish ethnicity.	Gyula Bíró	10 May 1890
date of birth	Feargal Quinn (born 27 November 1936) is an Irish politician, businessman, television personality and an independent member of Seanad Éireann.	Feargal Quinn	27 November 1936
date of birth	Orazio Russo (born 6 October 1973) is a former Italian professional football (soccer) player.	Orazio Russo	6 October 1973
date of birth	Viktoria Tereshkina (Russian: Виктория Терёшкина; born 31 May 1983) is a Russian ballet dancer, currently one of the stars of the Mariinsky Ballet in Saint Petersburg.	Viktoria Tereshkina	31 May 1983
date of birth	Tista Bagchi (born 1 October 1964), Professor of Linguistics in the University of Delhi, is a distinguished Indian linguist and ethicist.	Tista Bagchi	1 October 1964
date of birth	Jai Ram Reddy, CF (born 12 May 1937) is an Indo-Fijian statesman, who has had a distinguished career in both the legislative and judicial branches of the Fijian government.	Jai Ram Reddy	12 May 1937
date of birth	Edmee Yolanda Schakron-Rodríguez (born 25 September 1965) is a Belizean activist and People's United Party candidate, best known as the aunt of murder victim Chris Galvez and a founder and president of Belizeans For Justice.	Yolanda Schakron	25 September 1965
date of birth	Bogusław Wróblewski (born 1955 in Lubartów) is a critic, literary scholar, and translator.	Bogusław Wróblewski	1955
date of birth	Anastasios Orlandos (Greek: Αναστάσιος Ορλάνδος, 23 December 1887 -- 8 October 1979) was a Greek architect and historian of architecture.	Anastasios Orlandos	23 December 1887
date of birth	Jack Wood (1924--2007) was an American television director and writer.	Jack Wood	1924
date of birth	Liam Highfield (born 1 December 1990) is an English professional snooker player.	Liam Highfield	1 December 1990
date of birth	Pavel Alexeyevich Belov (18 February 1897 - 3 December 1963) was a colonel general in the Red Army during World War II. He is mostly known for his role in the Battle of Kursk in 1943 and for stopping Heinrich Himmler's Pomeranian offensive in early 1945.	Pavel Alexeyevich Belov	18 February 1897
date of birth	Ke Ling (1909-2000) was a Chinese journalist, publicist and writer.	Ke Ling	1909
date of birth	Alan Jacobs (born 1 December 1958) is an American independent film director, screenwriter and producer.	Alan Jacobs	1 December 1958
date of birth	Jacqueline de Jong (born 1939) is a Dutch painter, sculptor and graphic artist.	Jacqueline de Jong	1939
date of birth	Daniel Colman (born 1991) is an American poker player, originally from Holden, Massachusetts but now residing in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Daniel Colman	1991
date of birth	Dennis Chew Chong Kheng (born 15 August 1973), also known as Zhou Chongqing, is a Singaporean radio deejay, actor, variety show host and singer.	Dennis Chew	15 August 1973
date of birth	Zafar Mahmud (born 1925) was a Royal Indian Air Force officer during the second world war, originally stationed in Burma.	Zafar Mahmud	1925
date of birth	Elliot N. Dorff (born 24 June 1943) is a Conservative rabbi.	Elliot N. Dorff	24 June 1943
date of birth	Hannah Sell (born 1971) has been a leading member of the Socialist Party and its predecessor, the Militant tendency since the 1980s.	Hannah Sell	1971
date of birth	Eunan O'Neill (born Newry, County Down, 12 August 1982) is an Irish television presenter.	Eunan O'Neill	12 August 1982
date of birth	Lydia Wilson (born 1984) is an Anglo-American actress and radio personality.	Lydia Wilson	1984
date of birth	Ruby Johnson (19 April 1936 -- 4 July 1999) was an American soul singer, best known for her recordings on the Volt label in the late 1960s.	Ruby Johnson	19 April 1936
date of birth	Haralambos Marmanis (born 1970) is an American author and executive.	Haralambos Marmanis	1970
date of birth	Murivat Bekhnazarov (Tajik: Муриват Бекназаров, Persian: مروت بک‌نظرف‎) (1943-) is a Tajikistani artist.	Murivat Bekhnazarov	1943
date of birth	Dennis Leech (born 6 April 1943 in Sidmouth) is a British retired auto racing driver.	Dennis Leech	6 April 1943
date of birth	Lutfor Rahman (born 1 January 1962) is a pioneer of beating heart bypass surgery in Bangladesh.	Lutfor Rahman	1 January 1962
date of birth	Derrick Lonsdale (born 1924) M.D., Fellow of the American College of Nutrition (FACN), Fellow of the American College for Advancement in Medicine (FACAM) is a pediatrician and researcher into the benefits of certain nutrients in preventing disease and psychotic behavior.	Derrick Lonsdale	1924
date of birth	Michael Lesch (June 30, 1939 -- March 19, 2008) was a distinguished Jewish American physician and medical educator who helped identify an important genetic disorder associated with retardation and self-mutilation.	Michael Lesch	1939
date of birth	Joanna Sulej (born 16 September 1989 in Łosice) is a Polish figure skater who competed as both a single skater and pair skater.	Joanna Sulej	16 September 1989
date of birth	Dr. Sten Grillner (born 14 June 1941, Stockholm) is a Swedish neurophysiologist and distinguished professor at the Karolinska Institute's Nobel Institute for Neurophysiology in Stockholm where he is the director of the institute.	Sten Grillner	14 June 1941
date of birth	Tim Sebastian (born 13 March 1952, London, England) is a television journalist and novelist.	Tim Sebastian	13 March 1952
date of birth	William James Zimpel (25 February 1859 -- 3 December 1923) was an Australian furniture manufacturer, furniture merchant and local government councillor.	William James Zimpel	25 February 1859
date of birth	Alan Ginsburg (born 1939) is an American real estate developer, philanthropist, and the founder of The CED Companies.	Alan Ginsburg	1939
date of birth	Clive Arden was the pen name of the English author, Lily Clive Nutt 1888 - after 1950.	Clive Arden	1888
date of birth	Liang Yanfeng (Chinese: 梁岩峰; Pinyin: Liáng Yánfēng) (born 18 April 1987) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League Two side Fujian Broncos.	Liang Yanfeng	18 April 1987
date of birth	Justice Siva Selliah (1924--1997) was a Sri Lankan Judge.	Siva Selliah	1924
date of birth	Jamie Harvey (born 15 August 1955, in Glasgow) is a Scottish darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation and formerly for the Professional Darts Corporation.	Jamie Harvey	15 August 1955
date of birth	Hannes van Asseldonk (born 10 January 1992) is a Dutch racing driver, currently driving in the British Formula 3 Championship for Fortec Motorsports.	Hannes van Asseldonk	10 January 1992
date of birth	Jennifer Keeler-Milne (born 1961) is an Australian contemporary artist who is best known for her sumptuous landscape oil paintings and large-scale charcoal drawings.	Jennifer Keeler-Milne	1961
date of birth	Baba Sohan Singh Bhakna(in Punjabi ਸੋਹਣ ਸਿਂਘ ਭਕਨਾ) (1870--1968) was as Indian revolutionary, the founding president of the Ghadar Party, and a leading member of the party involved in the Ghadar Conspiracy of 1915.	Sohan Singh Bhakna	1870
date of birth	Kevin Alfred Strom (born August 17, 1956) is an American white nationalist, neo-Nazi, Holocaust denier, white separatist and associate editor of National Vanguard.	Kevin Alfred Strom	1956
date of birth	Jamie Langley (born 21 November 1983 in Normanton, West Yorkshire) is a former English professional rugby league footballer and currently the academy head coach at the London Broncos.	Jamie Langley	21 November 1983
date of birth	Tariq Saleh (Beirut, 16 September 1974) is a Brazilian journalist and a BBC World Service correspondent in Beirut, covering the Middle East and Africa.	Tariq Saleh	16 September 1974
date of birth	Mavis Maclean (born 31 December 1943), CBE, FRSA, FAcSS has carried out socio-legal research at Oxford since 1974, and in 2001 founded the Oxford Centre for Family Law and Policy (OXFLAP).	Mavis Maclean	31 December 1943
date of birth	Phan Nguyên Hồng (Đức Thọ, 1935) is a Vietnamese academic who is a leading authority on the mangrove ecosystem in Asia, and was awarded the 2008 International Cosmos Prize in recognition of his work.	Phan Nguyên Hồng	1935
date of birth	J. Ira Davis (1870--1942) was an infielder in Major League Baseball.	Ira Davis	1870
date of birth	Qazi Ataullah Khan was born in 1895 in the house of Qazi Nasrullah Khan in Landi Arbab village of Peshawar.	Qazi Ataullah Khan	1895
date of birth	Danny Lima born 27 July 1975 in Samoa is a former rugby league player.	Danny Lima	27 July 1975
date of birth	General Manuel García Banqueda (1803 -- May 4, 1872) was a Chilean military and political figure.	Manuel García Banqueda	1803
date of birth	Pablo Villalobos (born 20 May 1978) is a Spanish long-distance runner.	Pablo Villalobos	20 May 1978
date of birth	Lew Stringer (born 22 March 1959, England) is a freelance comic artist and scriptwriter.	Lew Stringer	22 March 1959
date of birth	Matthew K. Thomas (born 2 November 1948) is the son of Kurien Thomas and the present Chairman of the Fellowship of the Pentecostal Churches in India.	Matthew K. Thomas	2 November 1948
date of birth	Louis-François Aubry, who was born in Paris in 1770, studied under Vincent and Isabey, and became celebrated as a portrait painter.	Louis-François Aubry	1770
date of birth	Steven Saunders (born 30 March 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer, who currently plays for Scottish side Dumbarton as a centre back or right back Saunders has previously played for Motherwell and Ross County, and has also represented Scotland.	Steven Saunders	30 March 1991
date of birth	Samuel B. Moore (1789 -- November 7, 1846) was the sixth Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama from March 3 to November 26, 1831.	Samuel B. Moore	1789
date of birth	Tihomir Bulat (born 28 July 1974) is a retired Croatian football player who last played for RNK Split.	Tihomir Bulat	28 July 1974
date of birth	Ivan Trotski (Belarusian: Іван Троцкі, Russian: Иван Троцкий; born 27 May 1976 in Hrodna) is a Belarusian race walker.	Ivan Trotski	27 May 1976
date of birth	Robert Guédon (1902-1978) was a founding member of the French resistance in the zone occupée (occupied zone) during World War II.	Robert Guédon	1902
date of birth	Maria Dulce Rodrigues dos Santos (20 January 1901 -- 8 January 1972) was a Brazilian nun and the founder of the Little Missionary Sisters of Mary Immaculate.	Maria Dulce Rodrigues dos Santos	20 January 1901
date of birth	Maria Willard Jackson (1830- ?) was the wife of former Governor of West Virginia Jacob B. Jackson and served as that state's First Lady, 1881-1885.	Maria Willard Jackson	1830
date of birth	Pam Marshall (born 16 August 1960 in Hazelhurst, Michigan, USA) is a retired US sprinter.	Pam Marshall	16 August 1960
date of birth	Sir Arthur Beverley Baxter, FRSL (8 January 1891 -- 26 April 1964) was a Canadian-born journalist and politician.	Beverley Baxter	8 January 1891
date of birth	Gao Yisheng (simplified Chinese: 高义盛; traditional Chinese: 高義盛; pinyin: Gāo Yìshèng) (1866--1951) was the creator of the Gao style of the Chinese Internal Martial Art of Baguazhang.	Gao Yisheng	1866
date of birth	Bode Olajumoke was born in Lagos on 1 July 1944, of a Yoruba family from Imeri in Ondo State.	Bode Olajumoke	1 July 1944
date of birth	Sylvia Lim Swee Lian (simplified Chinese: 林瑞莲; traditional Chinese: 林瑞蓮; pinyin: Lín Ruìlián; born 28 March 1965) is a Singaporean politician, lawyer and academic.	Sylvia Lim	28 March 1965
date of birth	Pierfranco Vianelli (born 20 October 1946) is a former Italian cyclist and Olympic Champion.	Pierfranco Vianelli	20 October 1946
date of birth	Margot Grahame (20 February 1911 -- 1 January 1982), also known as Margaret Clark, was an English actress most noted for starring in The Informer (1935) and The Three Musketeers (1935).	Margot Grahame	20 February 1911
date of birth	Friedrich Brauner (1889 -- March 23, 1942) was an Austrian millwright and resistance fighter against the German Nazi Reich.	Friedrich Brauner	1889
date of birth	Calvin Vollrath (born 16 May 1960) is a Canadian fiddler and composer.	Calvin Vollrath	16 May 1960
date of birth	Johnny Helgesen (1 January 1897 -- 26 December 1964) was a Norwegian football player for the club FK Kvik.	Johnny Helgesen	1 January 1897
date of birth	Deborah Yaffe (born 1965) is the author of two books, most recently and prominently the book Among the Janeites:	Deborah Yaffe	1965
date of birth	Mike Dibb (born Leeds, West Yorkshire, 1940) is an award-winning English documentary filmmaker.	Mike Dibb	1940
date of birth	Helena Chan Rui Ying (Chinese: 陳瑞瑩; Jyutping: Can4 Seoi6 Ying4) (born 6 July 1989) is a Hong Kong-Swedish Channel V presenter and fashion model.	Helena Chan	6 July 1989
date of birth	Sir Adrian Poynings (c. 1512 -- 15 February 1571) was a military commander and administrator.	Adrian Poynings	1512
date of birth	Sir Henry Calthorpe (1586--1637), was an English lawyer who acted as solicitor-general to Queen Henrietta Maria, and also as the defence barrister in two high-profile cases: the Darnell's Case (or the Five Knights' case) and the Valentine case.	Henry Calthorpe	1586
date of birth	Ľuboš Chmelík (1 May 1989) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a central defender.	Ľuboš Chmelík	1 May 1989
date of birth	Horst Mahler (born 23 January 1936) is a German former lawyer and political activist.	Horst Mahler	23 January 1936
date of birth	Barak Longmate (1738 -- 23 July 1793) was an English genealogist and editor, heraldic engraver and publisher.	Barak Longmate	1738
date of birth	George Boscawen, 3rd Viscount Falmouth, PC (6 May 1758 -- 11 February 1808), was a British army officer and statesman of the late 18th and early 19th centuries.	George Boscawen, 3rd Viscount Falmouth	6 May 1758
date of birth	Nelson Wang (born 1950) is an Indian restaurateur of Chinese descent and the founder of the famous China Garden restaurant in Mumbai's Kemps Corner neighbourhood.	Nelson Wang	1950
date of birth	Andy Stefanovich (born 1966) is an American speaker, bestselling author, and business consultant.	Andy Stefanovich	1966
date of birth	Manuel Centeno (born 18 September 1980) is a former bodyboarding European and World Champion, having won the ISA World Surfing Games 2006 on 22 October, at Huntington Beach, California, United States.	Manuel Centeno	18 September 1980
date of birth	Julia Karbovskaya (Russian: Юлия Карбовская; born 15 January 1986) is a Russian former pair skater.	Julia Karbovskaya	15 January 1986
date of birth	Shmuel Mikunis (Hebrew: שמואל מיקוניס‎, 10 August 1903 -- 20 May 1982) was a communist Israeli politician and member of the Knesset from 1949 until 1974.	Shmuel Mikunis	10 August 1903
date of birth	Sally Robbins (born 15 July 1981) is an Australian sportswoman.	Sally Robbins	15 July 1981
date of birth	Rosa Graciela Castagnola de Fernández Meijide known as Graciela Fernández Meijide (born 27 February 1931) is an Argentine teacher, human rights activist and politician.	Graciela Fernández Meijide	27 February 1931
date of birth	J. Murdoch Henderson (31 March 1902 -- November 1970) was a Scottish fiddler, composer, and music critic.	J. Murdoch Henderson	1902
date of birth	Christian Lous Lange (17 September 1869 -- 11 December 1938) was a Norwegian historian, teacher, and political scientist.	Christian Lous Lange	17 September 1869
date of birth	Susan P. Crawford (born 1963) is the John A. Reilly Clinical Professor of Law at Harvard Law School and a Professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law.	Susan P. Crawford	1963
date of birth	Paul Parris (born Paul Adams on 19 June 1975) is a British actor and director, best known for his role as Matthew Pearson in the long-running BBC school drama, Grange Hill, from 1988--92.	Paul Parris	19 June 1975
date of birth	Anil K. Bera (born 1955) is an econometrician.	Anil K. Bera	1955
date of birth	David Humpherys (born 11 June 1972) is a former professional Magic:	David Humpherys	11 June 1972
date of birth	Cha Bum-kun (Hangul: 차범근; Korean pronunciation: (tɕʰabʌmɡɯn); born 22 May 1953) is a South Korean football manager and former player, nicknamed Tscha Bum in Germany (``Cha Boom'') because of his name and his thunderous ball striking ability.	Cha Bum-kun	22 May 1953
date of birth	Francis Spufford, FRSL (born 1964) is an English author.	Francis Spufford	1964
date of birth	Sir Guy Standing KBE RNVR (1 September 1873--24 February 1937) was an English actor.	Guy Standing	September 1873
date of birth	William H. Boole (1827 -- February 24, 1896) was a pastor of the Willet Street Methodist Church in the Bowery in New York City.	William H. Boole	1827
date of birth	Ronald Guttman (born 12 August 1952) is a Belgian actor, theatrical producer and film producer.	Ronald Guttman	12 August 1952
date of birth	Rachel Kushner (born 1968) is an American writer, known for her novels Telex from Cuba (2008) and The Flamethrowers (2013).	Rachel Kushner	1968
date of birth	S Ramachandran (born on 11 March 1972) is an Indian film director.	S Ramachandran	11 March 1972
date of birth	Kristine Harutyunyan (Armenian: Քրիստինե Հարությունյան, born 18 May 1991 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian javelin thrower.	Kristine Harutyunyan	18 May 1991
date of birth	Wolfgang Dimetrik (born 6 January 1974) is an Austrian accordionist.	Wolfgang Dimetrik	6 January 1974
date of birth	Padma Sachdev (born 1940) is an Indian poet and novelist.	Padma Sachdev	1940
date of birth	Chris Wakelin (born 16 March 1992) is an English professional snooker player from Rugby, Warwickshire.	Chris Wakelin	16 March 1992
date of birth	Sara Vukčević (born 25 March 1992 in Podgorica, Montenegro) is a Montegerin handballer who plays for Váci NKSE and the Montenegrin national team, and participated at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil.	Sara Vukčević	25 March 1992
date of birth	Joanna Frank (born 1941) is an American actress who starred in The Outer Limits episode ``ZZZZZ'' (Season 1, Episode 18), which aired January 27, 1964, as ``Regina'', the entomology lab assistant.	Joanna Frank	1941
date of birth	Stephen Bentley (born 1954) is an American cartoonist with Creators Syndicate and the creator of Herb and Jamaal.	Stephen Bentley	1954
date of birth	Steffan Evans (born 1 September 1994) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Scarlets regional team as a fullback.	Steffan Evans	1 September 1994
date of birth	Thomas Bassnett (born 1808) was an early American meteorologist.	Thomas Bassnett	1808
date of birth	Stuart Callaghan (born 20 July 1976) is a Scottish footballer, who played for several Scottish league clubs, including Heart of Midlothian.	Stuart Callaghan	20 July 1976
date of birth	Denzil Webster (October→December 1933 (age 82--83)) birth registered in Pontefract district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at representative level for Yorkshire, and at club level for Castleford, as a centre, i.e. number 3 or 4.	Denzil Webster	1933
date of birth	Jeffrey de Zwaan (born 26 March 1996) is a Dutch darts player who plays in the Professional Darts Corporation.	Jeffrey de Zwaan	26 March 1996
date of birth	Yasmiany Pedroso (born 5 August 1984) is a Cuban athlete competing in the heptathlon.	Yasmiany Pedroso	5 August 1984
date of birth	Bjørn Floberg (born 12 September 1947) is a Norwegian actor of film, television and theatre.	Bjørn Floberg	12 September 1947
date of birth	Pauloosie Paniloo (1943 Clyde River, Nunavut - April 20, 2007 200 km south of Clyde River, Nunavut) was a territorial level politician.	Pauloosie Paniloo	1943
date of birth	Rajeev Sethi (Hindi: राजीव सेठी; born 24 May 1949) is a noted Indian designer, scenographer and art curator.	Rajeev Sethi	24 May 1949
date of birth	Enrique Ernesto Shaw (26 February 1921 -- 27 August 1962) was an Argentine Roman Catholic businessman.	Enrique Ernesto Shaw	26 February 1921
date of birth	Jenkin Jones (born 1623) was a Welsh captain in the army of the Parliamentarians during the English Civil War, and a Puritan cleric and preacher.	Jenkin Jones	1623
date of birth	Susan Krieg (born 1952) is an American artist known for her mixed-media collage paintings and murals.	Susan Krieg	1952
date of birth	Alexander Hollaender (1898--1986) was one of the world's leading researchers in radiation biology and in genetic mutations.	Alexander Hollaender	1898
date of birth	Arthur Caesar (9 March 1892 -- 20 June 1953) was a screenwriter.	Arthur Caesar	9 March 1892
date of birth	Alex Dyke (born 19 February 1962) is an English Sony Radio Academy Award-winning broadcaster, radio presenter, and disc jockey on BBC Radio Solent.	Alex Dyke	19 February 1962
date of birth	Martin Halvorsen Vee (1791 -- ??) was a Norwegian politician.	Martin Halvorsen Vee	1791
date of birth	Paul Dakeyne (born 30 January 1963), known by his stage name Tinman, is a British house music producer/remixer.	Tinman	30 January 1963
date of birth	Deborah Laake (1953 -- February 6, 2000) was a columnist at the Dallas Morning News in the 1980s and later a staff writer, columnist, editor, and executive at the Phoenix New Times.	Deborah Laake	1953
date of birth	St. Vitalis of Assisi, O.S.B. (Italian: San Vitale de Assisi) (1295 -- May 31, 1370), was an Italian hermit and monk.	Vitalis of Assisi	1295
date of birth	Moritz Heuzenroeder (15 July 1849 -- 10 November 1897) was a pianist, composer and teacher of music born in Germany who had a substantial career in South Australia.	Moritz Heuzenroeder	15 July 1849
date of birth	Thomas Wellock (born 1959) is the historian for the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission.	Thomas Wellock	1959
date of birth	Yolanda Kondonassis (born in Norman, Oklahoma in 1963) is an American classical harpist.	Yolanda Kondonassis	1963
date of birth	Richard Reid Rogers (1868--November 10, 1949) was a prominent United States lawyer, specializing in transit law.	Richard Reid Rogers	1868
date of birth	Joseba Eskubi (born 1967) is a Spanish artist who lives and works in Bilbao, Spain Joseba Eskubi works with soft, amorphic and organic forms in a universe of decay and his paintings appear in a surrealistic world.	Joseba Eskubi	1967
date of birth	Tom O'Folliard (c. 1858 -- December 19, 1880) was the best friend of outlaw William Bonney, a.k.a. Billy the Kid.	Tom O'Folliard	1858
date of birth	Rizwanur Rahman (1977 -- 21 September 2007) was a 30-year-old computer graphics trainer who committed suicide after marrying Priyanka Todi, daughter of industrialist Ashok Todi.	Rizwanur Rahman	1977
date of birth	Li Jinai (simplified Chinese: 李继耐; traditional Chinese: 李繼耐; pinyin: Lǐ Jìnài) (b. July 1942) is a general in the People's Liberation Army.	Li Jinai	July 1942
date of birth	Scott Brash MBE (born 5 December 1985) is a Scottish showjumper.	Scott Brash	5 December 1985
date of birth	John Lauritsen (b. 1939) is a retired market research analyst, author, activist, and the founder of Pagan Press.	John Lauritsen	1939
date of birth	Johann Christian Wiegleb (December 21, 1732 -- January 16, 1800) was a notable German druggist and early innovator of chemistry as a science.	Johann Christian Wiegleb	1732
date of birth	Tridu Songtsen (Tibetan: ཁྲི་འདུས་སྲོང་བཙན་, Wylie: Khri 'dus-srong btsan), Tridu Songtsän or Dusong Mangban, (670--704; r. 676--704 CE) was an emperor of the Tibetan Empire from 676 to 704.	Tridu Songtsen	670
date of birth	Douglas Myall (born 17 December 1922 in Essex) is a British civil servant and philatelist.	Douglas Myall	17 December 1922
date of birth	Bathabile Dlamini was born in Nquthu on 10 September 1968 and grew up in Nkandla, Matshensikazi.	Bathabile Dlamini	10 September 1968
date of birth	Seeta Indrani (born 20 April 1963) is an English dancer and actress.	Seeta Indrani	20 April 1963
date of birth	Dean Rioli (born 20 May 1978) is an indigenous former Australian rules football player who spent his whole professional career with the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Dean Rioli	20 May 1978
date of birth	Ingelore Kremtz-Bahls (born 18 June 1943) is a retired German rower who won a gold, a silver and a bronze medal in the quadruple sculls at the European championships of 1966, 1968 and 1969, respectively.	Ingelore Kremtz-Bahls	18 June 1943
date of birth	Erwin Jaenecke (22 April 1890 -- 3 July 1960), was a German Colonel General.	Erwin Jaenecke	22 April 1890
date of birth	Damien Bowen (born 14 May 1984) is an Australian seated shot putter and seated javelin thrower.	Damien Bowen	14 May 1984
date of birth	Jack Rayner (1921 -- 2008) was an Australian state and national representative rugby league player and NSWRFL coach.	Jack Rayner	1921
date of birth	Jan Damesz de Veth (1595 in Gouda -- 1625 in Gouda), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	Jan Damesz de Veth	1595
date of birth	Kemble Scott is the pseudonym for fiction used by American journalist Scott James (born 1962), writer of a weekly column about the San Francisco Bay Area for The New York Times and The Bay Citizen.	Kemble Scott	1962
date of birth	Steve Gawley (born 1952) is a special effects artist who was nominated at the 62nd Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual effects for his work on the film Back to the Future Part II. His nomination was shared with John Bell, Michael Lantieri and Ken Ralston.	Steve Gawley	1952
date of birth	Helmut Bellingrodt (born 10 July 1949) is a Colombian sport shooter who won two Olympic silver medals.	Helmut Bellingrodt	10 July 1949
date of birth	Samuel I. Cabell (1802 - July 18, 1865) was a wealthy plantation owner who was known for his strong will as well as his strong temper.	Samuel I. Cabell	1802
date of birth	Francisco Javier Da Silva Irago (Vigo, 1979), better known as Kiko da Silva, is a Galician illustrator and cartoonist.	Kiko da Silva	1979
date of birth	Teppo Järvinen (born 1967 in Helsinki) is a Finnish scenographer.	Teppo Järvinen	1967
date of birth	James Pindall (ca. 1783 -- November 22, 1825) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia.	James Pindall	1783
date of birth	Arantza del Puerto Astiz (born in San Sebastián, 8 March 1971) is a Spanish former football defender.	Arantza del Puerto	8 March 1971
date of birth	Vice Admiral William Goodsonn (1610 -- in or after 1680), joined the Parliamentary cause during the Second English Civil War in 1647.	William Goodsonn	1610
date of birth	Jan of Tarnów (Polish: Jan z Tarnowa equally Jan Tarnowski as well as Jan Tarnowski z Tarnowa; c. 1349--1409) was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic) from the Lesser Poland region.	Jan of Tarnów	1349
date of birth	Larry Beasley, CM (born 12 May 1948) was recently Co-Director of Planning for the City Of Vancouver in British Columbia, Canada.	Larry Beasley	12 May 1948
date of birth	Paolo Giubellino, (born 9 November 1960) is an experimental particle physicist working on High-Energy Nuclear Collisions at CERN.	Paolo Giubellino	9 November 1960
date of birth	Betsy Hart (born c. 1963) is a syndicated columnist for the Scripps Howard News and conservative commentator who is a frequent contributor to CNN and the Fox News Channel.	Betsy Hart	1963
date of birth	Phill Brown (born 4 January 1955, Tottenham, London) is an audio engineer who has worked with a number of well-known musicians, including:	Phill Brown	4 January 1955
date of birth	Edmundo Novillo Aguilar (born 28 January 1963 in Totora, Campero Province, Cochabamba) is a Bolivian lawyer, politician, and Governor of Cochabamba.	Edmundo Novillo	28 January 1963
date of birth	Mark Dean Veca is an American artist (born 1963) based in Brooklyn, New York.	Mark Dean Veca	1963
date of birth	Tetyana Trehubová (born 14 March 1989) is a Ukrainian-born Slovak handball who plays for IUVENTA Michalovce and the Slovak national team.	Tetyana Trehubová	14 March 1989
date of birth	Chen Zhaojing (born 5 April 1969) is a former Chinese track and field athlete who competed in sprint events.	Chen Zhaojing	5 April 1969
date of birth	Lars-Göran Lönnermark, born 26 August 1939, is a Swedish bishop emeritus.	Lars-Göran Lönnermark	26 August 1939
date of birth	Sidney Williams (born 1962), is an American author of six novels under his own name and three young adult novels under the pseudonym Michael August.	Sidney Williams	1962
date of birth	Jorge Preá, full name Jorge Arnaldo Pereira, (born 10 January 1984 in São Paulo city), is a Brazilian football player at the position of striker.	Jorge Preá	10 January 1984
date of birth	Pa Saikou Kujabi (born 10 December 1986 in Serrekunda), is a Gambian footballer who last played as a left back for Whitehawk.	Pa Saikou Kujabi	10 December 1986
date of birth	Duan Yongping (Chinese: 段永平; pinyin: Duàn Yǒngpíng; born 1961) is a Chinese electrical engineer, inventor, entrepreneur, and philanthropist.	Duan Yongping	1961
date of birth	Lord Anthony Crichton-Stuart (born 14 May 1961) is an art historian, and former head of old master paintings at Christie's in New York, where he worked from 1991 until 2006.	Anthony Crichton-Stuart	14 May 1961
date of birth	Antony Fowler (born 10 March 1991 in Liverpool) is an English amateur boxer in the middleweight division who competed at the 2013 World Championships, won the Bronze medal along with Artem Chebotarev of Russia.	Antony Fowler	10 March 1991
date of birth	Theophilus Eaton (c. 1590 -- January 7, 1658) was a merchant, farmer, and Puritan colonial leader who was the co-founder and first governor of New Haven Colony, Connecticut.	Theophilus Eaton	1590
date of birth	Emilio Belaval Maldonado (1903-November 8, 1972) served for 9 years as an Associate Justice of the Puerto Rico Supreme Court from 1953 to 1967.	Emilio Belaval Maldonado	1903
date of birth	Vilayet Jafri was born on 2 October 1935 in Rae Bareli, Uttar Pradesh, India to an illustrious family of patriots who stood against the British during the Indian freedom struggle.	Vilayet Jafri	2 October 1935
date of birth	Winifred Carrick (1892 -- ?) was a New Zealand woman who was acquitted of child murder in February 1918, after the death of her three-year-old son Donald in December 1917.	Winifred Carrick	1892
date of birth	Born in 1945 on Cape Cod, Barry Clifford has been involved in underwater exploration for most of his adult life.	Barry Clifford	1945
date of birth	Ted Okuda (born 1953) is an American non-fiction author and film historian.	Ted Okuda	1953
date of birth	Jackie Kellogg (born March 29, 1971) is a former American and Canadian football defensive back in the Canadian Football League (CFL), World League of American Football (WLAF), Arena Football League (AFL) and XFL.	Jackie Kellogg	1971
date of birth	Sandra Eades (born 1967) is a Noongar physician, researcher and professor, and the first Aboriginal medical practitioner to be awarded a Doctorate of Philosophy in 2003.	Sandra Eades	1967
date of birth	Harold Gramatges (26 September 1918 -- 16 December 2008) was a Cuban composer, pianist, and teacher.	Harold Gramatges	26 September 1918
date of birth	Ken Rowlands (born 3 July 1927) was a Welsh light heavyweight boxer.	Ken Rowlands	3 July 1927
date of birth	Mary Michelle Nunn (born November 16, 1966) is an American philanthropic executive and politician.	Michelle Nunn	1966
date of birth	Peter Overton (born 5 April 1965) is an Australian television journalist and news presenter.	Peter Overton	5 April 1965
date of birth	Semih Kaplanoğlu (born 1963) is a Turkish playwright, film director and producer.	Semih Kaplanoğlu	1963
date of birth	Ali Sabbagh (Arabic: علي صباغ; born 30 June 1979) is a Lebanese football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA since 2008.	Ali Sabbagh	30 June 1979
date of birth	Yehezkel Flomin (Hebrew: יחזקאל פלומין‎, born 2 August 1935) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1974 and 1981.	Yehezkel Flomin	2 August 1935
date of birth	Eve Christine Gadzikwa (née Mandaza) (born 24 December 1964) is a Zimbabwean businesswoman, leader, mentor, philanthropist and an author.	Eve Christine Gadzikwa	24 December 1964
date of birth	Chaka Mkali (born 1972), better known by his stage name I Self Devine, is an American hip hop musician based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	I Self Devine	1972
date of birth	Margaret Braun (born 1962) is a prominent New York City baker.	Margaret Braun	1962
date of birth	Jabarry Chandler (born 11 April 1994) is a Barbadian international footballer who plays as a Forward.	Jabarry Chandler	11 April 1994
date of birth	Maria Pepe (born 1960) is best known for being one of the first girls to play Little League baseball.	Maria Pepe	1960
date of birth	Jasper A. Vrugt (born 1976) is a Dutch scientist/engineer/applied mathematician known for his work in the earth sciences: surface hydrology, soil physics, hydrogeophysics, hydrometeorology, and geophysics.	Jasper A. Vrugt	1976
date of birth	Mário Barreto Corrêa Lima (Ceará, 7 September 1935), is a Brazilian generalist doctor, professor and one of the founders of UNIMED in Rio de Janeiro.	Mário Barreto Corrêa Lima	7 September 1935
date of birth	Henry Lillywhite (31 December 1789 at Hawkley, Hampshire -- 30 January 1858 at Ropley, Hampshire) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1816 to 1825.	Henry Lillywhite	31 December 1789
date of birth	Simanga Shiba (born 5 December 1987) is an amateur boxer from Swaziland who won a Bronze at the Commonwealth Games 2006 at junior flyweight.	Simanga Shiba	5 December 1987
date of birth	Henry Christy (26 July 1810 -- 4 May 1865) was an English banker and collector, who left his substantial collections to the British Museum.	Henry Christy	26 July 1810
date of birth	Chirag Suri (born 18 February 1995) is a List A and United Arab Emirates Under-19s cricketer.He played under-19 world cup cricket in 2014.	Chirag Suri	18 February 1995
date of birth	Donal Monaghan (1950 - 3rd Janaury 2016) was an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-back for the Donegal senior team.	Donal Monaghan	1950
date of birth	Luke Walsh (born 12 May 1987) is an indigenous Australian professional rugby league player for St Helens in the European Super League His position of choice is at halfback.	Luke Walsh	12 May 1987
date of birth	Ragnhild Lundén is a visual Swedish artist, born in Gothenburg 1945.	Ragnhild Lundén	1945
date of birth	Tanja Kreil (born 1977) is a German electrician notable for filing a lawsuit against the Bundeswehr (Germany's armed forces) with European Court of Justice that forced the German military to allow women to join the armed forces.	Tanja Kreil	1977
date of birth	Eugen Quaglio (b Munich, 3 April 1857; d Berlin, 25 Sept 1942) was a German stage designer of Italian extraction.	Eugen Quaglio	3 April 1857
date of birth	Michel Varga (born Balazs Nagy; c. 1927 -- August 23, 2015) was a Hungarian and French Trotskyist activist.	Michel Varga	1927
date of birth	Jeananne Crowley (born 18 December 1949) is an Irish actress and writer, remembered for her collaborations in British film and television.	Jeananne Crowley	18 December 1949
date of birth	Anton Gelonkin (born c. 1964) was a Russian bank chairman who disappeared during the 1995 collapse of the Moscow City Bank and later convicted of running an international organised internet based fraud in 2006.	Anton Gelonkin	1964
date of birth	Wolfgang Herz (born 1950) is a German businessman, co-owner of the German coffee shop and retail chain Tchibo.	Wolfgang Herz	1950
date of birth	Clive Bull, born 23 January 1959, is an award-winning radio talk show host, best known for presenting a late-night show on LBC in London, England.	Clive Bull	23 January 1959
date of birth	Corey Pearson (born 9 January 1973 in New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league player of the 1990s, and 2000s.	Corey Pearson	9 January 1973
date of birth	Tarjei Bø (born 29 July 1988) is a professional Norwegian biathlete.	Tarjei Bø	29 July 1988
date of birth	Swar Khan also known as Swatkhan Bahar (born c. 1970) is a citizen of Afghanistan, who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.	Swar Khan	1970
date of birth	Adam Gillies, Lord Gillies (1760--1842) was a Scottish judge.	Adam Gillies, Lord Gillies	1760
date of birth	Sir Alfred Charles Bernard Lovell, OBE, FRS (31 August 1913 -- 6 August 2012) was an English physicist and radio astronomer.	Bernard Lovell	31 August 1913
date of birth	Eloise Gerry (12 January 1885--1970) was an influential research scientist whose early 20th century work contributed greatly to the study of southern pine trees and turpentine production.	Eloise Gerry	12 January 1885
date of birth	General André Cox (born 12 July 1954) is the 20th General of The Salvation Army.	André Cox	12 July 1954
date of birth	Frank Tousey (1853--1902) was among the top five publishers of dime novels in the late 1800s and early 1900s.	Frank Tousey	1853
date of birth	Wang Huizhong (Chinese: 王辉忠; born February 1956) is a Chinese politician from Zhejiang province.	Wang Huizhong	February 1956
date of birth	Dhananjaya Maduranga de Silva, or commonly Dhananjaya de Silva (born 6 September 1991) is a international Sri Lankan cricketer.	Dhananjaya de Silva	6 September 1991
date of birth	Simpson Harris Morgan (1821 -- December 15, 1864) was a prominent Confederate politician who represented Texas in the Second Confederate Congress in 1864.	Simpson Harris Morgan	1821
date of birth	Heathcote Dicken Statham CBE (7 December 1889 - 29 October 1973) was a conductor, composer and organist of international repute.	Heathcote Dicken Statham	7 December 1889
date of birth	Biswanath Pattnaik was born on 11 November 1916 in Kumarada, a village of then Ganjam district.	Biswanath Pattnaik	11 November 1916
date of birth	Bill Segal (born in 1949 in Orlando, Florida) was the District 5 County Commissioner of the Orange County Board of County Commissioners in Orange County, Florida and was a candidate for Mayor of Orange County.	Bill Segal	1949
date of birth	Regina Rollinger-Jonkajtys (born 19 January 1932), better known by her stage name Rena Rolska is a Polish singer, dancer and actress.	Rena Rolska	19 January 1932
date of birth	Juan Domínguez de Mendoza (born 1631) was a Spanish soldier who played an important role in suppressing the Pueblo Revolt of 1680 and who made two major expeditions from New Mexico into Texas.	Juan Domínguez de Mendoza	1631
date of birth	Ganpat Patil (1920 -- March 23, 2008) was a notable actor in Marathi movies and drama.	Ganpat Patil	1920
date of birth	Julianna Baggott (born 30 September 1969) is a novelist, essayist and poet who also writes under the pen names Bridget Asher and N.E. Bode.	Julianna Baggott	30 September 1969
date of birth	Julian Brandt (born 2 May 1996) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right winger for German club Bayer Leverkusen.	Julian Brandt	2 May 1996
date of birth	Sir Terence Garvey KCMG (7 December 1915 -- 7 December 1986) was a British diplomat who was High Commissioner to India and Ambassador to the USSR.	Terence Garvey	7 December 1915
date of birth	Charlotte Booth (born 6 April 1975) is a British Egyptologist and archaeologist.	Charlotte Booth	6 April 1975
date of birth	Jon Iles (born 17 May 1954 in Ripon, North Yorkshire) is an English actor who played DC Mike Dashwood in The Bill from 1984 to 1992 and he has also been in To the Manor Born, The Dick Emery Show , and Fresh Fields.	Jon Iles	17 May 1954
date of birth	Manolis Pappas (Greek: Εμμανουήλ Παππάς) (born 1951), is a former Greek footballer (midfielder).	Manolis Pappas	1951
date of birth	Michele O'Marah (born 1967) is an American video artist.	Michele O'Marah	1967
date of birth	Joseph Georges-Émile Gaston Allaire (18 June 1916 -- 15 January 2011) was a Canadian musicologist, organist, pianist, composer, and music educator of American birth.	Gaston Allaire	18 June 1916
date of birth	Nathan Hurst (born 1977) is an Australian programmer.	Nathan Hurst	1977
date of birth	Antal Günther (23 September 1847 - 23 February 1920) was a Hungarian politician and journalist, who served as Minister of Justice between 1907 and 1909.	Antal Günther	23 September 1847
date of birth	Moris Zano (Hebrew: מוריס ז'אנו‎; born 8 May 1958) is an Israeli former footballer.	Moris Zano	8 May 1958
date of birth	Mari Osmundsen is the literary pseudonym of Anne Kristine Halling (born 20 June 1951), a Norwegian novelist and children's writer.	Mari Osmundsen	20 June 1951
date of birth	Emil Signes (born 1940) is a former USA Rugby National Team coach who is also notable for facilitating the inclusion of the seven-member rugby union variant, called Rugby sevens, in the Olympics.	Emil Signes	1940
date of birth	Rubén Orihuela Gavilán (born 1987) is a Spanish rhythmic gymnast.	Rubén Orihuela	1987
date of birth	Richard Cock (born 1949) is a South African-born musician and conductor currently based in Johannesburg.	Richard Cock	1949
date of birth	Ali Ibrahim (19 December 1971 -- 28 March 2010) was an Egyptian rower who competed at four Olympic Games.	Ali Ibrahim	19 December 1971
date of birth	Sudha Bhattacharya (born 7 March 1952) is an Indian academic, scientist and a writer.	Sudha Bhattacharya	7 March 1952
date of birth	Ali Ravaghi (in Persian:علی رواقی - b. 1941, Mashhad, Iran) is a master of Persian literature, Qur'an researcher and a member of Academy of Persian Language and Literature.	Ali Ravaghi	1941
date of birth	Grigor Taylor (born in 1943) also known as Greg Taylor, is an Australian actor, best known for his parts in several television series including Matlock Police and Glenview High.	Grigor Taylor	1943
date of birth	Virginie Efira (born 5 May 1977) is a Belgian actress, and anchor on French Television.	Virginie Efira	5 May 1977
date of birth	Thomas Löfkvist (born 4 April 1984) is a Swedish former professional road bicycle racer who last rode for the UCI Professional Continental team IAM Cycling.	Thomas Löfkvist	4 April 1984
date of birth	Katherine Lanpher (born 1959) is an American writer, journalist, broadcaster, and podcaster, who came to national prominence as the co-host of the Air America Radio program The Al Franken Show in 2004 and 2005.	Katherine Lanpher	1959
date of birth	Ronald Forbes (born 5 April 1985) is a track athlete from the Cayman Islands.	Ronald Forbes	5 April 1985
date of birth	David Macfarlane (born 1952 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian journalist, playwright and novelist.	David Macfarlane	1952
date of birth	Edmond Gibney, originally from Kilskyre, Kells, County Meath, Ireland (born 18 July 1974), is an Irish Olympic Three Day Eventing rider who represented Ireland in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Edmond Gibney	18 July 1974
date of birth	Maui Taylor (born Maureen Anne Tupaz; 28 June 1983) is a Filipino model, singer, and actress.	Maui Taylor	28 June 1983
date of birth	Nazmi Ziya Güran (1881 -- 11 September 1937) was a Turkish Impressionist painter and art teacher.	Nazmi Ziya Güran	1881
date of birth	Aaron McCormack (born 7 May 1971) is a former leader of the youth wing of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland who more recently has been a business leader and CEO in the IT sector -- most notably as CEO of BT Conferencing.	Aaron McCormack	7 May 1971
date of birth	Marc Handelman (born Santa Clara, California, 1975) is an American painter living and working in Brooklyn, New York.	Marc Handelman	1975
date of birth	Simon Fisher-Becker, Viscount of William & Mona (born 25 November 1961) is an English stage, television and film actor, specialising in comedy and character parts.	Simon Fisher-Becker	25 November 1961
date of birth	Mandana Jones was born on 26 February 1967 to a Welsh father and an Iranian mother.	Mandana Jones	26 February 1967
date of birth	Gena Branscombe (4 November 1881 -- 26 July 1977) was a Canadian pianist, composer, music educator and choir conductor who lived and worked in the United States.	Gena Branscombe	4 November 1881
date of birth	wHarald Hervig (born 31 March 1948) was a Norwegian sport wrestler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Harald Hervig	31 March 1948
date of birth	Adam Fraser (1871 -- after 1895) was a Scottish professional footballer who made 19 appearances in the First Division of the Football League for Small Heath.	Adam Fraser	1871
date of birth	Bianca Dittrich (born 1977) is a German theoretical physicist known for her contributions to loop quantum gravity and the spin foam approach to quantum gravity.	Bianca Dittrich	1977
date of birth	Johannes de Limburgia (also Johannes de Lymburgia or Johannes Vinandi; fl. 1408--1430) was a Franco-Flemish School composer.	Johannes de Limburgia	1408
date of birth	Ronald McKenzie (1885 -- after 1909) was a Scottish footballer who scored 6 goals from 28 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City.	Ronald McKenzie	1885
date of birth	David Massengill (born 1951, Bristol, Tennessee) is an American folk singer/songwriter, guitar and appalachian dulcimer player.	David Massengill	1951
date of birth	Padraic Fiacc (born Patrick Joseph O'Connor; 15 April 1924, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish poet, and member of Aosdána, the exclusive Irish Arts Academy.	Padraic Fiacc	1924
date of birth	Jacqueline Lovell (born 9 December 1974) is an American actress born and raised in Southern California.	Jacqueline Lovell	9 December 1974
date of birth	Gani Mirzo (born 1968) is a contemporary Kurdish musician.	Gani Mirzo	1968
date of birth	Jilly Johnson (née Gosden) (born 17 November 1953) is a former Page 3 girl.	Jilly Johnson	17 November 1953
date of birth	Ty Burr (born 1957) is an American film critic who writes for The Boston Globe.	Ty Burr	1957
date of birth	Amato Ferrari (born 18 April 1966) is an Italian former auto racing driver.	Amato Ferrari	18 April 1966
date of birth	Yom Tov Lipman Lipkin (Hebrew: יום טוב ליפמן ליפקין‎, Russian: Йом Тов Липман Липкин; 1846 -- February 21 (O.S. February 9) 1876) was a Lithuanian Jewish mathematician and inventor.	Yom Tov Lipman Lipkin	1846
date of birth	Michael Bawtree (born 25 August 1937) is a Canadian actor, director, author and educator.	Michael Bawtree	25 August 1937
date of birth	John Matshikiza (26 November 1954 -- 15 September 2008) was a South African actor, theatre director, poet and journalist.	John Matshikiza	26 November 1954
date of birth	Les Vandyke (born John Worsley; 21 June 1931, Battersea, South London, England) was a popular music singer and later songwriter in the 1950s - 1970s.	Les Vandyke	21 June 1931
date of birth	Mario Vaquerizo Caro (born 5 July 1974 in Madrid, Spain) is a journalist, writer, singer, actor, manager and collaborator of radio and television.	Mario Vaquerizo	5 July 1974
date of birth	John Rawlet or Rawlett (1642--1686) was an English Anglican cleric, known as a preacher and writer of religious literature, and for his close sympathy with Presbyterians.	John Rawlet	1642
date of birth	Edwyn Harry Lukin Johnston (1887 - Nov. 18, 1933) was an English-Canadian author, journalist and soldier whose mysterious disappearance three days after interviewing Adolf Hitler is speculated to be a possible assassination and ``one of the most enduring mysteries of Canadian journalism.''	Lukin Johnston	1887
date of birth	Henk van der Vliet (born 1928) is a Dutch flautist and composer of contemporary classical music.	Henk van der Vliet	1928
date of birth	June Rose Bellamy, also Yadana Nat-Mei (Burmese: ရတနာနတ်မယ်; lit. Goddess of the Nine Jewels), born 1932, was the fourth wife of Burmese dictator Ne Win.	June Rose Bellamy	1932
date of birth	Lillias Irma Valerie Arkell-Smith (1895--1960) was a transgender man who, as Victor Barker ``married'' a woman.	Valerie Arkell-Smith	1895
date of birth	Clint Halden (born 20 January 1981 in Barellan, New South Wales) is a former Australian professional rugby league player for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League competition.	Clint Halden	20 January 1981
date of birth	Daniele Gangemi (born 18 June 1980) is an Italian film director, screenwriter and cinematographer.	Daniele Gangemi	18 June 1980
date of birth	Nicoleta Alexandru (born 5 November 1968), whose stage name is Nicola, is a Romanian singer.	Nicoleta Alexandru	5 November 1968
date of birth	Alcindo Holder (born 24 September 1982) in Bridgetown.	Alcindo Holder	24 September 1982
date of birth	Astrid Birgitta Elisabeth Tarras-Wahlberg born von Engelhardt on 15 September 1950 in Kristianstad, Skåne County.	Elisabeth Tarras-Wahlberg	15 September 1950
date of birth	Richard Kwietniowski (born 17 March 1957) is an English film director and screenwriter of Polish descent.	Richard Kwietniowski	17 March 1957
date of birth	Natasja Saad (31 October 1974 -- 24 June 2007), also known as Dou T', Little T and Natasja, was a Danish rapper and reggae singer.	Natasja Saad	31 October 1974
date of birth	Ulrike Sennewald (born 10 May 1989) is a German rower who had her best achievements in the eights.	Ulrike Sennewald	10 May 1989
date of birth	Bronisław Hager (1890--1969) was a Polish activist and public health pioneer.	Bronisław Hager	1890
date of birth	There is some disagreement regarding the exact birth date of Surdas, some scholars believing it to be 1478 AD, with others claiming it to be 1479 AD.	Surdas	1478
date of birth	Franz Joseph Untersee (1858-1927) was a Swiss-American architect who designed many Roman Catholic churches throughout the eastern part of United States.	Franz Joseph Untersee	1858
date of birth	John Reginald Bevins (20 August 1908 -- 16 November 1996) was a British Conservative politician who served as a Liverpool Member of Parliament (MP) for fourteen years.	Reginald Bevins	20 August 1908
date of birth	Emily Tsingou (b. 1968, Athens, Greece) is a private art dealer who lives in London, England.	Emily Tsingou	1968
date of birth	Timothy John Byford (Serbian: Тимоти Џон Бајфорд/Timoti Džon Bajford; 25 July 1941 -- 5 May 2014) was an author, film director, translator, and educator.	Timothy John Byford	25 July 1941
date of birth	Steven Shearer (born 1968) is a contemporary artist based in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Steven Shearer	1968
date of birth	Lawrence Ah Mon or Lawrence Lau Kwok Cheong (劉國昌) (born 1949) is a Hong Kong film director.	Lawrence Ah Mon	1949
date of birth	Shahzada Mirza Jawan Bakht Bahadur (Persian, Urdu: ‎) alternative spelling Mirza Javan Bakht, Mirza Jewan Bakht also known as Mirza Jahandar Shah (A.D. 1749 - 31 May 1788 A.D., 25th Shaban 1202 A.H.,) born at the Red Fort, Delhi.	Mirza Jawan Bakht	1749
date of birth	Surendran Reddy (9 March 1962 -- 22 January 2010) was a South African composer and pianist.	Surendran Reddy	9 March 1962
date of birth	Anthony-Noel Kelly (born 1956) is a British artist who was found guilty of the theft of body parts from the Royal College of Surgeons, which he had used to make moulds for sculptures.	Anthony-Noel Kelly	1956
date of birth	Michael C. Horowitz (born 1978) is an American author and associate professor of political science at the University of Pennsylvania.	Michael C. Horowitz	1978
date of birth	Juhn Atsushi Wada, OC (born March 28, 1924) is a Japanese Canadian neurologist known for research into epilepsy, including his description of the Wada test for cerebral hemispheric dominance of language function.	Juhn Atsushi Wada	1924
date of birth	Ah Toy (Cantonese: 亞彩 Aa3 Coi2; c. 1828--1928) was a Cantonese-born American prostitute and madam in San Francisco, California during the California Gold Rush, and purportedly the first Chinese prostitute in San Francisco.	Ah Toy	1828
date of birth	Rich Parker (born 5 February 1987 in Birmingham) is a British professional vert skater.	Rich Parker	5 February 1987
date of birth	Joseph Michael Kerrigan (16 December 1884 -- 29 April 1964), better known as J. M. Kerrigan, was an Irish character actor.	J. M. Kerrigan	16 December 1884
date of birth	Abdulaziz Al-Anberi, also spelled Abdul-Aziz Al-Anbari (born 3 January 1954 in Kaifan) is a Kuwaiti footballer.	Abdulaziz Al-Anberi	3 January 1954
date of birth	Josette Sheeran (born 1954) has been President and CEO of the Asia Society since May 2013.	Josette Sheeran	1954
date of birth	Paul Zadro (born 15 March 1963, at Innisfail, in Northern Queensland), is an Australian martial artist, sport administrator and promoter.	Paul Zadro	15 March 1963
date of birth	John Nisbet (1627--1685) was a Scottish covenanter who was executed for participating in the rebellion at Bothwell Brig.	John Nisbet	1627
date of birth	Alexandros Theofilakis (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Θεοφιλάκης, born 1877) was a Greek shooter.	Alexandros Theofilakis	1877
date of birth	Charlotte Purdue (born 10 June 1991) is a British long-distance runner who competes in the 5000 metres and 10,000 metres, as well as cross country running.	Charlotte Purdue	10 June 1991
date of birth	Odili Donald Odita (born 1966) is an African American artist from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Odili Donald Odita	1966
date of birth	Tan Ruyin (simplified Chinese: 谭茹殷; traditional Chinese: 譚茹殷; pinyin: Tán Rúyīn; born 17 July 1994) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangdong Lottery in the Chinese Women's Super League.	Tan Ruyin	17 July 1994
date of birth	Fabrizio Cacciatore (born 8 October 1986) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a full back for Chievo, on loan from Sampdoria.	Fabrizio Cacciatore	8 October 1986
date of birth	Georgie Parker (born 16 December 1964) is a two-time Gold Logie award winning Australian television actress and has also appeared in film and theatre.	Georgie Parker	16 December 1964
date of birth	Phil Cronan (born 17 July 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in between 1984 and 1988.	Phil Cronan	17 July 1959
date of birth	Hossein Faraki (Persian: حسین فرکی‎‎, born 22 March 1957) is a retired Iranian football players and a coach.	Hossein Faraki	22 March 1957
date of birth	Trond Andresen (born 30 April 1947) is a Norwegian academic, former communist politician, public writer and debater, broadcaster, and assistant professor of Cybernetics at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).	Trond Andresen	30 April 1947
date of birth	Jibril Rajoub (Arabic: جبريل رجوب‎, born 1953), also known by his kunya Abu Rami is a Palestinian political and militant figure.	Jibril Rajoub	1953
date of birth	Alan Abel (born 1930) is an American prankster, hoaxer, writer, mockumentary filmmaker, and jazz percussionist famous for several hoaxes that became media circuses.	Alan Abel	1930
date of birth	Ashu Sharma (born 24 November 1993) is an Indian film and television actor who has appeared in Bollywood films including Teen Patti and No One Killed Jessica.	Ashu Sharma	24 November 1993
date of birth	Jonathan Glatzer (born 21 October 1969) is a writer, director, and producer.	Jonathan Glatzer	21 October 1969
date of birth	Bedri Gürsoy (1902 in Kadıköy, İstanbul -- 4 February 1994 in Moda, Kadıköy, İstanbul) was a Turkish football player of Fenerbahçe.	Bedri Gürsoy	1902
date of birth	Elisa Trevisan (born 5 March 1980) is an Italian heptathlete.	Elisa Trevisan	5 March 1980
date of birth	Manuel Matamoros García (1834--1866) was a leading Spanish Protestant.	Manuel Matamoros	1834
date of birth	Colm Mac Eochaidh (born 1963) is an Irish High Court judge.	Colm Mac Eochaidh	1963
date of birth	Keith Sequeira (born 30 April 1980) is an Indian actor, and a former model and VJ.	Keith Sequeira	30 April 1980
date of birth	Abd al Haqq Kielan (Arabic: عبدالحق كيلان‎, born 22 June 1941) is a Swedish Muslim cleric.	Abd al Haqq Kielan	22 June 1941
date of birth	Mark Irish (born 25 August 1981) is an English rugby union footballer who plays at prop for London Scottish.	Mark Irish	25 August 1981
date of birth	Tidjane Thiam (born 29 July 1962) is an Ivorian businessman and former politician who became the Chief Executive of Credit Suisse in June 2015.	Tidjane Thiam	29 July 1962
date of birth	Ramona Persaud (born September 1971) is a West Indian-born, documentary film maker, photographer, writer and salesperson, who loves to travel.	Ramona Persaud	1971
date of birth	Ralph Lane Polk (1849 -- 1923) was an American compiler of facts and publisher of directories.	Ralph Lane Polk	1849
date of birth	Darel Hart (born 3 January 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and for Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Darel Hart	3 January 1964
date of birth	Darren McGeouch, sometimes misspelled as McGeough, (born 28 February 1990) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region side Irvine Meadow.	Darren McGeouch	28 February 1990
date of birth	Johnny Aubert (born 31 May 1980) is a French enduro rider and a two-time world-champion.	Johnny Aubert	31 May 1980
date of birth	William McKennie (1868 -- 1902) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Darwen and Preston North End.	William McKennie	1868
date of birth	Luis Felipe Restrepo (born 1959) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and former United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.	Luis Felipe Restrepo	1959
date of birth	Pete Gill (born 9 June 1951) is an English former heavy metal drummer, formerly a member of The Glitter Band, Saxon and Motörhead.	Pete Gill	9 June 1951
date of birth	Zhao Liping (simplified Chinese: 赵黎平; traditional Chinese: 趙黎平; pinyin: Zhào Lípíng; born August 1951) is a former Chinese police chief and politician who spent most of his career in Inner Mongolia.	Zhao Liping	August 1951
date of birth	Hans-Peter von Kirchbach (born 3 August 1941) is a retired German general and former Chief of Staff of the Federal Armed Forces from 1999-2000.	Hans-Peter von Kirchbach	3 August 1941
date of birth	Luke Ricketson (born 5 February 1973, in Forster, New South Wales) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Luke Ricketson	5 February 1973
date of birth	Shunmugam Jayakumar (born 12 August 1939), often known as S. Jayakumar, is a former Singaporean politician, lawyer and diplomat.	S. Jayakumar	12 August 1939
date of birth	Matt Wisniewski (born 1990) is an American artist and software engineer.	Matt Wisniewski	1990
date of birth	Thomas Yeh Sheng-nan (Chinese: 葉勝男; pinyin: Yè Shèngnán; born 26 June 1941) is a Taiwanese prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and diplomat of the Holy See.	Thomas Yeh Sheng-nan	26 June 1941
date of birth	Henrik Batikyan (born on 12 February 1977) is an Armenian footballer.	Henrik Batikyan	12 February 1977
date of birth	Felix F. de Crano (1842 -- September 15, 1908) (often written as DeCrano) was an impressionist artist in New England, St. Augustine, Florida and Europe.	Felix F. de Crano	1842
date of birth	Tülay Babuşcu (born 26 January 1976) is a Turkish politician from Balıkesir who caused controversy in early 2015 for publicly declaring the end of the Turkish Republic and the resumption of the Ottoman Empire.	Tülay Babuşcu	26 January 1976
date of birth	Raimar von Hase (born 12 March 1948) is a Namibian farmer.	Raimar von Hase	12 March 1948
date of birth	Benjamin Knower (1775 Roxbury, now a borough of Boston, Massachusetts -- August 23, 1839 Watervliet, Albany County, New York) was an American merchant, banker and politician.	Benjamin Knower	1775
date of birth	Edmund Walrond (1655-1708), of Bovey, Seaton, Devon, was an English politician.	Edmund Walrond	1655
date of birth	Michael Nicholson OBE (born 9 January 1937) is an English journalist and former ITN Senior Foreign Correspondent.	Michael Nicholson	9 January 1937
date of birth	Dimitar Trendafilov Vasilev (Bulgarian: Димитър Трендафилов Василев) (born 25 February 1967) is a retired Bulgarian footballer and current manager of Kaliakra Kavarna, having started the role in October 2013.	Dimitar Trendafilov	25 February 1967
date of birth	Simeon Monev (Bulgarian: Симеон Монев, born 10 July 1957) is a Bulgarian modern pentathlete.	Simeon Monev	10 July 1957
date of birth	Juan Davis Bradburn (1787 -- April 20, 1842), born John Davis Bradburn, was a brigadier general in the Mexican Army.	Juan Davis Bradburn	1787
date of birth	Lewis Benson (1906--1986) was perhaps the 20th century's greatest expert on the writings of George Fox.	Lewis Benson	1906
date of birth	Kim Jang-hoon (Hangul: 김장훈; hanja: 金章勳; born 14 August 1967) is a South Korean singer, known for his rock ballads.	Kim Jang-hoon	14 August 1967
date of birth	Hajji Noor Deen Mi Guangjiang (born 1963) is an expert in Islamic calligraphy, specializing in the Sini style which originated from the Chinese Muslim tradition.	Noor Deen Mi Guangjiang	1963
date of birth	Chris Molitor (born 28 August 1988) is a former Australian professional basketball forward who spent the 2009--10 season playing with the NBL's Adelaide 36ers.	Chris Molitor	28 August 1988
date of birth	Jonathan De Falco (born 8 October 1984) is a retired Belgian footballer who is currently active as a pornographic film actor under his stage name Stany Falcone.	Jonathan De Falco	8 October 1984
date of birth	Raymond Spencer Rodgers (1935--2007) was a British-born American educator and futurist who spent most of his adult life in Canada.	Raymond Spencer Rodgers	1935
date of birth	Kim Jung-woo (Hangul: 김정우, born 9 May 1982), is a South Korean football player.	Kim Jung-woo	9 May 1982
date of birth	Craig Heaney (born August 1973), is a British screen, stage and radio actor.	Craig Heaney	1973
date of birth	Hans Fischer (27 July 1881 -- 31 March 1945) was a German organic chemist and the recipient of the 1930 Nobel Prize for Chemistry.	Hans Fischer	27 July 1881
date of birth	Marie Moser (born 1948) is a Canadian novelist and short-story writer residing in Edmonton, Alberta.	Marie Moser	1948
date of birth	Paul Huson (born 19 September 1942) is a British-born author and artist currently living in the United States.	Paul Huson	19 September 1942
date of birth	John Basil Poel (14 April 1881 - 23 October 1937) was Chairman of the Romford Urban District Council in the County of Essex from 1931 to 1932.	John Basil Poel	14 April 1881
date of birth	Mentz Schulerud (17 October 1915 -- 18 May 2003) was a Norwegian author, radio personality and theatre director.	Mentz Schulerud	17 October 1915
date of birth	Paule Gauthier, PC, OC, OQ, QC (born 1943) is a Canadian lawyer, arbitrator and public servant.	Paule Gauthier	1943
date of birth	Benjamin Moore Norman (December 22, 1809 -- February 1, 1860) was an American book dealer and writer who, through his profession, was witness to the editorial success achieved by the book written by John Lloyd Stephens in the United States, Incidents of Travel in Central America, Chiapas and Yucatán.	Benjamin Moore Norman	1809
date of birth	Gary Pert (born 28 May 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Fitzroy and Collingwood in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Gary Pert	28 May 1965
date of birth	Du Yinjiao (Chinese: 杜银鲛; pinyin: Dù Yínjiǎo; born 1965 in the China) is a Chinese saxophonist.	Du Yinjiao	1965
date of birth	Romain Philippoteaux (born 2 March 1988) is a French professional footballer who plays as a winger for FC Lorient, a club in joined in February 2015.	Romain Philippoteaux	2 March 1988
date of birth	Gumersindo Magaña Negrete (born 1938 in Uruapan, Michoacán, died 16 April 2013) was a Mexican politician, former member of the right-wing and now dissolved Mexican Democratic Party (PDM), who represented his party in the 1988 presidential election.	Gumersindo Magaña	1938
date of birth	José de Rezabal y Ugarte (1747 -- 1800) was a Spanish lawyer and judge and jurist.	José de Rezabal y Ugarte	1747
date of birth	Jacqui Melksham (born 12 October 1978) is an Australian football (soccer) referee.	Jacqui Melksham	12 October 1978
date of birth	Himilce Novas (born 1944) is a novelist, historian, journalist and human rights activist.	Himilce Novas	1944
date of birth	Ludovic Colquhoun (1804 -- 1882) also known as Ludwig Colquhoun, was a 19th-century politician, Texas Senator and merchant of San Antonio, Texas.	Ludovic Colquhoun	1804
date of birth	Francis Kiernan FRS (2 October 1800 -- 31 December 1874) was an anatomist and physician.	Francis Kiernan	2 October 1800
date of birth	Baba Gurmukh Singh (1888 -- March 13, 1977) was a Ghadr revolutionary and a Sikh leader.	Baba Gurmukh Singh	1888
date of birth	Adam Blackley (born 22 February 1985 in Melbourne) is a pitcher with the Amsterdam Pirates and the Melbourne Aces.	Adam Blackley	22 February 1985
date of birth	Lieven Scheire (born 3 May 1981) is a Belgian comedian, mainly known for being a member of Neveneffecten.	Lieven Scheire	3 May 1981
date of birth	James Cluskey (born 18 August 1986) is a retired Irish professional tennis player, mainly playing doubles.	James Cluskey	18 August 1986
date of birth	Mark Haworth-Booth OBE HonFRPS (born 20 August 1944) served as a curator at the Victoria & Albert Museum, London, from 1970 to 2004.	Mark Haworth-Booth	20 August 1944
date of birth	Nicola Minichiello (born Nicola Gautier on 21 March 1978) is a retired British bobsledder who has competed between 2001 and 2011.	Nicola Minichiello	21 March 1978
date of birth	Slamet Rahardjo Djarot (born 21 January 1949) is an Indonesian actor, director, and screenwriter.	Slamet Rahardjo	21 January 1949
date of birth	Pius C. Kuriakose (Malayalam: പയസ്സ് സി. കുര്യാക്കോസ്; born 12 October 1951) is the Lokayukta of the state of Kerala and was the Chief Justice of Sikkim High Court.	Pius C. Kuriakose	12 October 1951
date of birth	Alfred Hutchinson (1924 in Hectorspruit, Transvaal Province, South Africa -- 14 October 1972 in Nigeria) was a South African author, teacher and activist.	Alfred Hutchinson	1924
date of birth	Yao Jude (Chinese: 姚居德; pinyin: Yáo Jūdé; born 1957) is a Chinese actor.	Yao Jude	1957
date of birth	Jim Hilyer (born August 1, 1935) was the first head coach in the history of the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) Blazers college football team.	Jim Hilyer	1935
date of birth	Agha Hashar Kashmiri (3 April 1879 -- 28 April 1935) was an eminent Urdu poet, playwright and dramatist who was called the ``Shakespeare of Urdu.''	Agha Hashar Kashmiri	3 April 1879
date of birth	Maria Dangell (born 30 March 1974) is an international singer, pianist, and songwriter.	Maria Dangell	30 March 1974
date of birth	Rabbi Goldie Milgram (born 1955) is an American rabbi, educator, and writer.	Goldie Milgram	1955
date of birth	Dean Woodman (born 1929) is an American businessman, philanthropist, and co-founder of the investment bank Robertson Stephens.	Dean Woodman	1929
date of birth	Dukagjin Karanezi (born 11 June 1993) is an Austrian--	Dukagjin Karanezi	11 June 1993
date of birth	Veronica Doran (born 17 May 1948) is a British character actress who remains best known for her 18 month stint as Marion Willis in the ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.	Veronica Doran	17 May 1948
date of birth	Mariano di Jacopo (1382 -- c. 1453), called Taccola (``jackdaw''), was an Italian polymath, administrator, artist and engineer of the early Renaissance.	Taccola	1382
date of birth	Artur Wichniarek (Polish pronunciation: (ˈartur vixˈɲarɛk), born 28 February 1977) is a Polish footballer.	Artur Wichniarek	28 February 1977
date of birth	Monika Hestad (born 8 March 1977) is a Norwegian industrial designer and researcher.	Monika Hestad	8 March 1977
date of birth	Andrey Ignatov (Russian: Андрей Игнатов; born 3 February 1968) is a retired Russian long jumper.	Andrey Ignatov	3 February 1968
date of birth	Rüdiger Fikentscher (born 30 January 1941) was an East German physician and academic.	Rüdiger Fikentscher	30 January 1941
date of birth	Darvin Edwards (born 11 September 1986) is a Saint Lucian competitor in men's High Jump.	Darvin Edwards	11 September 1986
date of birth	Sydney Tafler (31 July 1916 -- 8 November 1979) was an English actor best remembered for numerous appearances in films and on British television from the 1940s to the 1970s.	Sydney Tafler	31 July 1916
date of birth	Irina Meszynski (born 24 March 1962, in Berlin) is a retired East German discus thrower.	Irina Meszynski	24 March 1962
date of birth	Bryan E. Bledsoe D.O., FACEP, EMT-P (born 1955), is an emergency medicine physician, paramedic, author and educator.	Bryan E. Bledsoe	1955
date of birth	Vincent Sellaer (1490 -- 1564), was a Flemish Renaissance painter of mythological and religious subjects.	Vincent Sellaer	1490
date of birth	Hagop Ishkanian (Armenian: Հակոբ Իշխանյան, born 27 July 1938) is a contemporary Armenian and American sculptor.	Hagop Ishkanian	27 July 1938
date of birth	Christodoulos Aronis was born in 1884 in the village of Dendiatika, on the island of Paxos, Greece (see Paxi).	Christodoulos Aronis	1884
date of birth	Julian Beever (born c. 1959) is a British chalk artist who has been creating trompe-l'œil chalk drawings on pavement surfaces since the mid-1990s.	Julian Beever	1959
date of birth	Jack Wu (born 23 August 1977) is a television actor and host from Hong Kong, working for TVB.	Jack Wu	23 August 1977
date of birth	Chief Naiche (ca. 1857-1919) was the final hereditary chief of the Chiricahua band of Apache Indians.	Naiche	1857
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Gorin (born 17 April 1943) is a French filmmaker and professor, best known for his work with Nouvelle Vague luminary Jean-Luc Godard, during what is often referred to as Godard's ``radical'' period.	Jean-Pierre Gorin	17 April 1943
date of birth	Carl Alexander Wendt (13 January 1923 -- 2006) was a Norwegian police leader and civil servant.	Carl Alexander Wendt	1923
date of birth	Sokol Shameti, (born 29 April 1978) is an Albanian columnist, writer and journalist.	Sokol Shameti	29 April 1978
date of birth	Kingston Nkhatha (born 27 October 1985) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a striker for Kaizer Chiefs in the South African Premier Soccer League and Zimbabwe.	Kingston Nkhatha	27 October 1985
date of birth	Rajaâ Cherkaoui El Moursli (born 12 May 1954) is a Moroccan Professor of nuclear physics.	Rajaâ Cherkaoui El Moursli	12 May 1954
date of birth	James Liddell (born 1905) was a Scottish footballer who played for Albion Rovers, Dumbarton and Clyde.	James Liddell	1905
date of birth	Mahendra Pal Singh (born 15 July 1940), popularly known as M.P. Singh, is a renowned constitutional law scholar of India.	Mahendra Pal Singh	15 July 1940
date of birth	Gina Riley (born 6 May 1961) is an Australian actress, writer, singer and comedian.	Gina Riley	6 May 1961
date of birth	Reza Norouzi (Persian: رضا نوروزی‎‎, born 21 September 1982) is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Paykan in the Azadegan League.	Reza Norouzi	21 September 1982
date of birth	Laura Nader (born 1930) is an American anthropologist.	Laura Nader	1930
date of birth	Paul Hatch (born 1969, Lichfield, United Kingdom) is a British industrial designer and is the founder / president of TEAMS Design USA, a global product design consultancy.	Paul Hatch	1969
date of birth	Ferguson Cheruiyot Rotich (born 30 November 1989) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner who competes in the 800 metres.	Ferguson Cheruiyot Rotich	30 November 1989
date of birth	Luce de Gast (or Luces de Gast) born c. 1190, was lord of the castle of Gast, near Salisbury.	Luce de Gast	1190
date of birth	Raúl Peñaranda Undurraga (born 1966) is a Bolivian journalist and political analyst.	Raúl Peñaranda	1966
date of birth	Matthew Yorke (born 24 November 1958) is a British novelist and editor.	Matthew Yorke	24 November 1958
date of birth	Harold Marion Crothers (born 1887) was an American professor of electrical engineering at South Dakota State University where he also served as president for three periods (1946, 1951, 1957--58).	Harold Marion Crothers	1887
date of birth	Jörgen van Rijen (born 20 February 1975, Dordrecht) Jörgen van Rijen is Principal Trombone (jointly with Bart Claessens) at the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam.	Jörgen van Rijen	20 February 1975
date of birth	Yehuda Weisenstein (Hebrew: יהודה וינשטיין ‎; born 11 March 1955), known also as Moshe Yehuda Weinstein, is a former Israeli fencer.	Yehuda Weisenstein	11 March 1955
date of birth	George Kinnell (born 22 December 1937) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Middlesbrough, Oldham Athletic, Sunderland and Stoke City.	George Kinnell	22 December 1937
date of birth	Christian Clausen (born 6 March 1955) is a Danish banker and the CEO of Nordea Bank, a role he has been in since 2007.	Christian Clausen	6 March 1955
date of birth	Andrew Patrick Gordon (born 1962) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nevada.	Andrew Patrick Gordon	1962
date of birth	Panagiotis Ballas (Greek: Παναγιώτης Μπάλλας, born 6 September 1993) is a professional Greek football player, currently playing for Atromitos in the Greek Superleague.	Panagiotis Ballas	6 September 1993
date of birth	Giorgos Xylouris (Greek: Γιώργoς Ξυλούρης, born 1965), also known as Psarogiorgis, is a Cretan lute player and singer.	Giorgos Xylouris	1965
date of birth	Hans Tholstrup (born 8 November 1944) is a Danish-born adventurer who was the first person to circumnavigate the Australian continent in a 4.9 meters (16 feet) open boat.	Hans Tholstrup	8 November 1944
date of birth	Ananta Prasad Paudel (Nepali: अनन्त प्रसाद पौडेल) (born 28 July 1962) is a member of 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly.	Ananta Prasad Paudel	28 July 1962
date of birth	Brett Rodwell (born 23 May 1970) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s.	Brett Rodwell	23 May 1970
date of birth	Joan of Armagnac (French: Jeanne d'Armagnac; 24 June 1346 -- 1387) was a French noblewoman of the Armagnac family, being the eldest daughter of Count John I of Armagnac and his wife Beatrice of Clermont.	Joan of Armagnac	1346
date of birth	Olle Helander born 2 August 1919, died 15 April 1976, born in Stockholm, Swedish music journalist, author, producer and presenter of radio and TV.	Olle Helander	2 August 1919
date of birth	Kevin Aherne-Evans (born 16 December 1980) is a Welsh football manager and former professional footballer and Wales Under-21 international.	Kevin Aherne-Evans	16 December 1980
date of birth	Anita Turner (born 1972) is a British script editor, and television producer.	Anita Turner	1972
date of birth	Eliza Cook (24 December 1818 -- 23 September 1889) was an English author and poet associated with the Chartist movement.	Eliza Cook	24 December 1818
date of birth	Little Pattie is the stage name of Australian singer Patricia Thelma Amphlett OAM (born 17 March 1949, Paddington, Sydney), later Patricia Thompson, who performed as a 1960s surf pop singer and then in adult contemporary music.	Little Pattie	17 March 1949
date of birth	Adrian Younge (born 1978) is an American composer, arranger and music producer based in the Los Angeles area.	Adrian Younge	1978
date of birth	Anthony Aymard (born 11 May 1988) is a French association footballer currently contracted to Phnom Penh Crown in the Cambodian League.	Anthony Aymard	11 May 1988
date of birth	Ignacio Lorenzo de Armas (1706 - unknown) was a Spanish politician who served as mayor of San Antonio, Texas in 1738 and 1764.	Ignacio Lorenzo de Armas	1706
date of birth	Markus Nomil Iversen (born 1834, date of death unknown) was a Norwegian ship-owner and politician.	Markus Nomil Iversen	1834
date of birth	Murray Wrensted (born 26 August 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Murray Wrensted	26 August 1964
date of birth	Pontine Paus (Cecilie Alexandra Pontine Paus) (born 15 June 1973) is a Norwegian fashion designer and businesswoman, living in London, and noted for designing exclusive handbags.	Pontine Paus	1973
date of birth	Andrew Van Slee (born 4 June 1965) is a Canadian-born independent film director.	Andrew Van Slee	4 June 1965
date of birth	Dr. Khin Maung Nyunt (Burmese: ခင်မောင်ညွန့်; born 13 May 1929) is an eminent Burmese writer and historian.	Khin Maung Nyunt	13 May 1929
date of birth	Voyen Koreis, also Vojen Korejs (born 14 February 1943, London) is a Czech-Australian author, publicist, translator, visual artist, illustrator and designer.	Voyen Koreis	14 February 1943
date of birth	Grażyna Auguścik (born 17 August 1955) is a Polish jazz vocalist, composer and arranger.	Grażyna Auguścik	17 August 1955
date of birth	Wang Dalei (Chinese: 王大雷; pinyin: Wáng Dàléi; born 10 January 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.	Wang Dalei	10 January 1989
date of birth	Dolores Delahanty (born 1929) is a social activist and political leader in Louisville, Kentucky.	Dolores Delahanty	1929
date of birth	Tony Thorne (born 1950 in Cairo, Egypt) is a British author, linguist and lexicographer specialising in slang, jargon and cultural history.	Tony Thorne	1950
date of birth	Patricia Haynes Smith, often known as Pat Smith (born April 1946), is an African-American Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 67 in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana.	Patricia Haynes Smith	April 1946
date of birth	John Parkins (1571--1640) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622.	John Parkins	1571
date of birth	Thomas Lincoln Tally (1861 -- November 24, 1945) on or near April 16, 1902, opened the Electric Theatre in Los Angeles, the first movie theatre in that city and the first movie theater in California known to have been built from the ground up inside a larger building on the ground floor.	Thomas Lincoln Tally	1861
date of birth	Kevin O'Byrne (born 16 April 1991 in Cork, Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster.	Kevin O'Byrne	16 April 1991
date of birth	Alex Hair (born in Glasgow, 9 March 1902) was a footballer who played with Partick Thistle, moving to Preston North End for the 1928-29 season.	Alex Hair	9 March 1902
date of birth	Russell Aaron Boyd (born December 24, 1980), commonly known as Dutch Boyd, is an American professional poker player from Culver City, California (originally from Columbia, Missouri).	Dutch Boyd	1980
date of birth	Sebastian Rohrberg (born 13 March 1979) is a German recurve archer.	Sebastian Rohrberg	13 March 1979
date of birth	Liam Coogans (born 31 October 1996) is a Scottish footballer who is currently a free agent	Liam Coogans	31 October 1996
date of birth	Albert Riederer (1945 -- December 27, 2012) was an American jurist and politician Riederer graduated from St. Louis University and New York University Law School.	Albert Riederer	1945
date of birth	Gottfried Küssel (born 10 September 1958) is an Austrian far right political activist who also gained some notoriety in Germany.	Gottfried Küssel	10 September 1958
date of birth	Hidde Van Beest (born 20 July 1979 in Arnhem, Gelderland) is an Australian volleyball player, who was born in the Netherlands.	Hidde Van Beest	20 July 1979
date of birth	Najwan Darwish (Arabic: نجوان درويش ); born December 8, 1978 in Jerusalem, Palestine is an Arabic-language poets of his generation.	Najwan Darwish	1978
date of birth	Carlos Alberto de Barros Franco (born 19 May 1946), is a Brazilian physician and professor, specializing in Pneumology.	Carlos Alberto de Barros Franco	19 May 1946
date of birth	Mendel Sachs (13 April 1927, in Portland, Oregon -- 5 May 2012, in Buffalo, New York) was an American theoretical physicist who was Professor of Physics at the State University of New York Buffalo (1966--97) (Emeritus since 1997).	Mendel Sachs	13 April 1927
date of birth	David Nuyoma (born 3 June 1963) is Chairman of the Namibian Stock Exchange.	David Nuyoma	3 June 1963
date of birth	Zofia Korbońska, née Ristau (10 May 1915 in Warsaw -- 16 August 2010 in Washington, D.C.) was a Polish resistance fighter and journalist.	Zofia Korbońska	10 May 1915
date of birth	Aasmah Mir (born 7 October 1971; pronounced like ``azma mere'') is a Scottish television and radio broadcaster and journalist in the United Kingdom.	Aasmah Mir	7 October 1971
date of birth	Purnima Rau, (born 30 January 1967 in Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh) is an Indian ex-cricketer.	Purnima Rau	30 January 1967
date of birth	Tanja Miletić Oručević (born 6 February 1970) is a Bosnian theatre director, academic lecturer, and translator.	Tanja Miletić Oručević	6 February 1970
date of birth	Anas Khalid Al Saleh (born 1972) is a Kuwaiti politician who has been serving as Deputy Prime Minister since January 2015, minister of finance since January 2014.	Anas Khalid Al Saleh	1972
date of birth	María del Mar Fernández (Cádiz, 1 October 1978) is a Spanish flamenco singer best known for her rendering of the song ``Señorita'' from the 2011 hindi film Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara.	María del Mar Fernández	1 October 1978
date of birth	Jim Kramer (born 1958) won the 2006 United States Scrabble Open in Phoenix, Arizona.	Jim Kramer	1958
date of birth	Henry Conybeare (22 February 1823 -- 23 January 1892) was an English civil engineer and Gothic revival architect who designed two notable churches and greatly improved the supply of drinking water to Mumbai.	Henry Conybeare	1823
date of birth	Nancy McKinstry (born 4 January 1959 in Connecticut, USA, now living in the Netherlands) is CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer since September 1, 2003, and Member of the Executive Board since June 1, 2001.	Nancy McKinstry	4 January 1959
date of birth	Jimmy Savo (1895 -- September 5, 1960) was an American Vaudeville, Broadway, nightclub, film and television performer, comedian, juggler, and mime artist.	Jimmy Savo	1895
date of birth	Charlene Spretnak (born 1946) is an American author, known for her writings on ecology, politics, art, and spirituality.	Charlene Spretnak	1946
date of birth	Anh Tuan Dinh-Xuan, was born in 1958 in Sai Gon (Ho Chi Minh City), Vietnam.	Anh Tuan Dinh-Xuan	1958
date of birth	Deng Weizhi (born 1938) is a Standing Committee Member of the 9th CPPCC National Committee.	Deng Weizhi	1938
date of birth	Chang Baohua (simplified Chinese: 常宝华; traditional Chinese: 常寶華; pinyin: Cháng BǎoHuá) (born 1930, Tianjin) is a retired crosstalk (Xiangsheng) comedian of Manchu ethnicity.	Chang Baohua	1930
date of birth	Bernard Pertuiset, MD (1920-2000) was a French neurosurgeon, born in Paris on 28 October 1920.	Bernard Pertuiset	1920
date of birth	Patricia Fili-Krushel (born 1953) is an American businesswoman and media executive.	Patricia Fili-Krushel	1953
date of birth	Diana Whitney (born 1948) is an American author, award-winning consultant and educator whose writings -- 15 books and dozens of chapters and articles -- have advanced the positive principles and practices of appreciative inquiry and social constructionist theory worldwide.	Diana Whitney	1948
date of birth	Bamidele Olatunbosun Sosimi, known as Dele Sosimi, is a Nigerian-British musician (born 22 February 1963, London).	Dele Sosimi	22 February 1963
date of birth	Sehrou Guirassy (born 12 March 1996) is a French footballer who currently plays in Ligue 2 for AJ Auxerre, on loan from Lille OSC.	Sehrou Guirassy	12 March 1996
date of birth	Joko Pinurbo, born in Pelabuhan Ratu, Sukabumi, West Java 11 May 1962, is an Indonesian poet.	Joko Pinurbo	11 May 1962
date of birth	Erdem Özgenç (born 22 August 1984) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a right back for Turkish club Bursaspor in the Süper Lig.	Erdem Özgenç	22 August 1984
date of birth	Sir John Winthrop Hackett Senior KCMG (4 February 1848 -- 19 February 1916) was a proprietor and editor of several newspapers in Western Australia, a politician and a University chancellor.	John Winthrop Hackett	1848
date of birth	Dirk Berg-Schlosser (born 10 December 1943 in Ruhlsdorf) is professor emeritus of political science at University of Marburg in Germany.	Dirk Berg-Schlosser	10 December 1943
date of birth	Daniela Denby-Ashe (born 9 August 1978) is an English actress, best known for playing the character Sarah Hills in the soap opera EastEnders, Margaret Hale in the period drama North and South and Janey Harper in the sitcom My Family.	Daniela Denby-Ashe	9 August 1978
date of birth	Anja Crevar (Serbian Cyrillic: Ања Цревар; born 24 May 2000) is a Serbian swimmer, member of Dinamo Pančevo swimming club.	Anja Crevar	24 May 2000
date of birth	Johann Urb (born 24 January 1977) is an Estonian-born American actor and former model.	Johann Urb	24 January 1977
date of birth	Sophia Morrison (24 May 1859 -- 14 January 1917) was a Manx cultural activist, folklore collector and author.	Sophia Morrison	24 May 1859
date of birth	Clécio Nascimento Santos (31 May 1988 -- ) commonly known as Clécio, is a Brazilian footballer.	Clécio Nascimento Santos	31 May 1988
date of birth	Jane Stanhope, Countess of Harrington (née Fleming; 23 May 1755 -- 3 February 1824), was a society hostess and heiress who served as a lady of the Bedchamber to the British queen Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.	Jane Stanhope, Countess of Harrington	23 May 1755
date of birth	Chief Tony Ene Asuquo (b. 1966 - d. August 22, 2006 near Calabar, Cross River State) was a leader of the Bakassi Movement for Self-Determination, which seeks for the independence of Bakassi.	Tony Ene Asuquo	1966
date of birth	Nathan Hannay (born 5 October 1984) is an English rugby union player from Halifax, West Yorkshire who currently plays for RFU Championship side, Yorkshire Carnegie.	Nathan Hannay	5 October 1984
date of birth	Stuart Brace (born 21 September 1942) is a former professional footballer who scored 155 goals from 423 games in the Football League.	Stuart Brace	21 September 1942
date of birth	Alexander Pantages (1867 -- February 17, 1936) was a Greek American vaudeville and early motion picture producer and impresario who created a large and powerful circuit of theatres across the western United States and Canada.	Alexander Pantages	1867
date of birth	André Neveu (French: (nəvø); born 28 August 1946 in Paris) is a French physicist working on string theory and quantum field theory who coinvented the Neveu-Schwarz algebra and the Gross-Neveu model.	André Neveu	28 August 1946
date of birth	Harold Cressy (1 February 1889 -- 23 August 1916) was a South African headteacher and activist.	Harold Cressy	1 February 1889
date of birth	Faramarz Khodnegah (Persian: فرامرز خودنگاه‎‎) (born 1965) is an Iranian former Strongman and Powerlifter.	Faramarz Khodnegah	1965
date of birth	Alesia Turava (Belarusian: Алеся Турава; born 6 December 1979) is a Belarusian middle distance runner.	Alesia Turava	6 December 1979
date of birth	Alice Rebecca Appenzeller (9 November 1885 -- 20 February 1950) was the first American and first Caucasian born in Korea.	Alice Rebecca Appenzeller	9 November 1885
date of birth	David Kudler (born in 1962) is an American editor and author.	David Kudler	1962
date of birth	Medgyesi László (Budapest, 1892 ) known in Paris and America as Ladislas Medgyes, was a Hungarian artist.	Ladislas Medgyes	1892
date of birth	Christine Talbot (born 15 September 1969) is a British television journalist and presenter currently working for ITV Yorkshire as a main presenter for its flagship news programme ITV News Calendar.	Christine Talbot	15 September 1969
date of birth	Ernest Hackett (born 1908, date of death unknown) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Coventry City and Newport County.	Ernest Hackett	1908
date of birth	Henri Jacquet (born 1888, year of death unknown) was a Swiss fencer.	Henri Jacquet	1888
date of birth	Živadin Jovanović (Serbian: Живадин Јовановић) (born 14 November 1938, Oparić, Municipality of Rekovac, Serbia, Yugoslavia), is a Serbian diplomat and politician, who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia between 1998 and 2000.	Živadin Jovanović	14 November 1938
date of birth	Marie Marguerite Monvoisin or Montvoisin, (born c. 1658, date of death unknown), was the daughter of La Voisin and a main witness in the famous Poison Affair.	Marguerite Monvoisin	1658
date of birth	Breandán de Gallaí, a.k.a. Brendan de Gallaí or Brendan Galway (born 10 June 1969), is a former professional Irish dancer who is most famous for his lead role in Riverdance and as a TV personality on TG4.	Breandán de Gallaí	10 June 1969
date of birth	Shen Shaomin (沈少民, born 1956, Heilongjiang Province, China) is an artist based in Sydney, and Beijing.	Shen Shaomin	1956
date of birth	Constantin Bejenaru (born 7 June 1984) is a Moldovan-born Romanian professional boxer living and fighting out of Catskill, New York, United States.	Constantin Bejenaru	7 June 1984
date of birth	Jeff Brooks (born 1982), an American professional wrestler best known under the ring name J-Dawg.	J-Dawg	1982
date of birth	Elle Dible (born 17th December 1983) is an English television presenter who recently presented Pop the Q on TMF and Quiznation TV.	Elle Dible	1983
date of birth	Claude Hermann Walter Johns (20 February 1857 -- 1920) was an Assyriologist and Church of England clergyman.	Claude Hermann Walter Johns	20 February 1857
date of birth	Beki Adam (born 25 June 1966), is a researcher, Sussex farm and campsite owner.	Beki Adam	25 June 1966
date of birth	Ting-Xing Ye (born 1952) is a Chinese- Canadian author of young adult novels, as well as Leaf In A Bitter Wind, a best-selling autobiographical account of her life in Maoist China.	Ting-Xing Ye	1952
date of birth	Sir Harbottle Grimston, 2nd Baronet (27 January 1603 -- 2 January 1685) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1685 and was Speaker in 1660.	Sir Harbottle Grimston, 2nd Baronet	27 January 1603
date of birth	Tremper Longman, III (born 8 September 1952) is an Old Testament scholar, theologian, professor and author of several books, including 2009 ECPA Christian Book Award winner Dictionary of the Old Testament:	Tremper Longman	8 September 1952
date of birth	William John Lane (born August 1849) was an Irish nationalist politician.	William John Lane	August 1849
date of birth	Vazgen Safaryants (born 22 October 1984 in Ordzhonikidze) is a Belarusian amateur boxer of Armenian origin best known for placing third at the 2006 European Amateur Boxing Championships.	Vazgen Safaryants	1984
date of birth	Walter Sutcliffe (born 1976) is a British opera and theatre director.	Walter Sutcliffe	1976
date of birth	Kirsty Hinchcliffe (born 27 July 1979) is an Australian-born actress and personal trainer based in Los Angeles, United States.	Kirsty Hinchcliffe	27 July 1979
date of birth	Laxmi Narayan Mishra (1903-1987) was born in the village of Basti, district Maunath Bhanjan, previously known as Azamgarh.	Laxmi Narayan Mishra	1903
date of birth	Concepción Silva Belinzon was an Uruguayan writer, she was born in Montevideo in 1903 and died on November 2, 1987.	Concepción Silva Belinzon	1903
date of birth	Ümit Kayıhan (born 28 February 1954) is a Turkish former professional footballer, and later a manager.	Ümit Kayıhan	28 February 1954
date of birth	Ashley Little (born 1983) is a Canadian author of children's and adult literature.	Ashley Little	1983
date of birth	Siegfried Adolf Kummer (born 1899, died unknown) was a German mystic and Germanic revivalist.	Siegfried Adolf Kummer	1899
date of birth	Keren Cytter (born 22 August 1977) is an Israeli visual artist and writer.	Keren Cytter	22 August 1977
date of birth	Faruk Statovci (born 29 November 1979) is a Kosovar Bosnian footballer playing for KF Kosova Vushtrri.	Faruk Statovci	29 November 1979
date of birth	Annie Kenney (13 September 1879 -- 9 July 1953) was an English working class suffragette who became a leading figure in the Women's Social and Political Union.	Annie Kenney	13 September 1879
date of birth	Bradley Parker (born 23 June 1970) was an English first-class cricketer, who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1992 and 1998.	Bradley Parker	23 June 1970
date of birth	Beth Rogers (born 1957) is Head of the Marketing and Sales academic community at the University of Portsmouth Business School.	Beth Rogers	1957
date of birth	Douglas Boulivar (1947 in Staten Island, NY, 1947 -- October 1, 2009, New York City) dancer, dance teacher and choreographer.	Douglas Boulivar	1947
date of birth	Mehmet Cavit Bey, Mehmed Cavid Bey or Mehmed Djavid Bey (1875--1926) was an Ottoman Sabbatean economist, newspaper editor and leading politician during the last period of the Ottoman Empire.	Mehmet Cavit Bey	1875
date of birth	Kattis Ahlström (Katarina Sofie Ahlström), born 9 June 1966 in Göteborg, is a Swedish journalist and TV presenter.	Kattis Ahlström	9 June 1966
date of birth	Kris Radlinski MBE (born 9 April 1976 in Wigan, England) is a retired English rugby league player of the 1990s and 2000s.	Kris Radlinski	9 April 1976
date of birth	Neil Middleditch (born 7 January 1957 in Wimborne, Dorset) is a former speedway rider and the team manager of the Poole Pirates.	Neil Middleditch	7 January 1957
date of birth	Dioscoride Lanza (born 24 April 1898) was an Italian racing driver.	Dioscoride Lanza	24 April 1898
date of birth	Ray Hill (born 1939) was a leading figure in the British far right who went on to become a well-known informant.	Ray Hill	1939
date of birth	Luigi Ricci-Stolz (1852 -- February 10, 1906) was an Italian musician and composer.	Luigi Ricci-Stolz	1852
date of birth	Christopher Bacon, more commonly known as Chris Bacon, (born 8 October 1969) is a retired professional British cruiserweight boxer and judoka born in Tasmania, Australia and residing in Manchester.	Chris Bacon	8 October 1969
date of birth	Franck Madou (born 15 September 1987, in Marcory) is a Côte d'Ivoire-French football player who currently plays for Le Mont in Switzerland.	Franck Madou	15 September 1987
date of birth	Tom Newton Dunn (born 16 December 1973) is a British journalist who is the political editor of The Sun newspaper.	Tom Newton Dunn	16 December 1973
date of birth	Gordon Noel Humphreys (1883--1966) was a British born surveyor, pilot, botanist, explorer and doctor.	Gordon Noel Humphreys	1883
date of birth	Avedis Kendir (born 1959, Istanbul, Turkey) is a well-known Armenian jeweler.	Avedis Kendir	1959
date of birth	Olena Shurkhno (Ukrainian: Олена Шурхно, née Samko - Самко; born 8 January 1978) is a Ukrainian long-distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Olena Shurkhno	8 January 1978
date of birth	Antoine Gakeme (born 24 December 1991) is a Burundian middle-distance runner who competes mainly in the 800 metres.	Antoine Gakeme	24 December 1991
date of birth	Laurent Rioux (born c. 1943) is a Canadian former racing driver from Montreal who made three NASCAR Winston Cup (now Sprint Cup) starts in 1983 and 1984.	Laurent Rioux	1943
date of birth	Greig Fraser, A.S.C., A.C.S. (born 3 October 1975), is an Australian cinematographer.	Greig Fraser	3 October 1975
date of birth	Jamal Alioui (Arabic: جمال عليوي‎, born 2 June 1982) is a French-born Moroccan footballer.	Jamal Alioui	2 June 1982
date of birth	Nicolas de Vernulz (later Latinized Nicolaus Vernulaeus) was born at Robelmont, near Virton in the Duchy of Luxembourg, on 10 April 1583.	Nicolaus Vernulaeus	10 April 1583
date of birth	Tom Eldridge (22 September 1923 -- 18 January 2006) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom Eldridge	22 September 1923
date of birth	Caroline Sturdy Colls (born 1980) is a lecturer in forensic investigation at Staffordshire University specializing in identification of human remains, forensic archaeology and crime scene investigation.	Caroline Sturdy Colls	1980
date of birth	Roman Ablakimov (born 28 August 1987) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who is a Midfielder for Sunkar and the Kyrgyzstan national football team.	Roman Ablakimov	28 August 1987
date of birth	Hervé Paillet (born 1968) is a French actor and painter born with atrophied legs.	Hervé Paillet	1968
date of birth	Leonardo Ortolani (born 14 January 1967), better known as Leo, is an Italian comics author, creator of the popular comic book series Rat-Man and Venerdì 12.	Leonardo Ortolani	14 January 1967
date of birth	Gert-Johan Coetzee (born 18 November 1987), is a South African fashion designer.	Gert-Johan Coetzee	18 November 1987
date of birth	Hubert Baumgartner (born 25 February 1955) is an Austrian former football player and manager.	Hubert Baumgartner	25 February 1955
date of birth	Beau Robinson (born 15 August 1986, Alice Springs, Northern Territory) is an Australian rugby union player currently contracted to the QLD Reds.	Beau Robinson	15 August 1986
date of birth	Peter Schidlof OBE (9 July 1922 -- 16 August 1987) was an Austrian-British violist and co-founder of the Amadeus Quartet.	Peter Schidlof	9 July 1922
date of birth	Tan Yee Khan (simplified Chinese: 陈贻权; traditional Chinese: 陳貽權; pinyin: Chén Yíquán; born 24 September 1940) is a former Malaysian badminton player who represented his country in badminton events around the world during the 1960s.	Tan Yee Khan	1940
date of birth	Alphons Maximilian Pfyffer von Altishofen (also known as Max Alphons Pfyffer; 12 October 1834 Altishofen - January 12, 1890, Lucerne) was a Swiss architect, hotelier and military Chief of Staff.	Alphons Maximilian Pfyffer von Altishofen	1834
date of birth	Akil Mark Koci was born in 1936 in Prizren, Kingdom of Yugoslavia (in today's Kosovo).	Akil Mark Koci	1936
date of birth	Sharon Carpenter (born 2 March 1982) is a British broadcast journalist, television host, and producer.	Sharon Carpenter	2 March 1982
date of birth	Asi Buzaglo (born 3 December 1982) is a second generation Israeli footballer.	Asi Buzaglo	3 December 1982
date of birth	Huang Hu (1973 in Wuchuan, Guangdong, China -- January 3, 2003 in Zhanjiang, Guangdong, China) was a Chinese murderer who put rat poison in the salt of a kindergarten on November 24, 2002 poisoning at least 70 children and murdering 2 or more of them.	Huang Hu	1973
date of birth	Joseph Bradley Farrer, known as Joe Farrer (born 1962), is a physical therapist who is the owner of Farrer Physical Therapy in Jacksonville in Pulaski County, Arkansas, and a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives.	Joe Farrer	1962
date of birth	Gabrielle Bou Rached, (born 13 December 1985 in Jezzine) is a Lebanese model and actress.	Gabrielle Bou Rached	13 December 1985
date of birth	Antonio Correa Cotto (1926 -- 1952), also known simply as Correa Cotto, was the first outlaw to gain legendary status in Puerto Rico.	Antonio Correa Cotto	1926
date of birth	Doru Isac (born 14 July 1962 in Craiova) is a Romanian football manager, best known for promoting young players including Khalfan Ibrahim.	Doru Isac	14 July 1962
date of birth	Frances Rivera (born 1970 ) is a Filipino-American journalist and television news anchor.	Frances Rivera	1970
date of birth	Robert MacAndrew (born 22 March 1802 in Wandsworth, London, died 22 May 1873 in Isleworth, Middlesex) was a British merchant and ship-owner, marine dredger, Fellow of the Royal Society, naturalist and collector of shells.	Robert MacAndrew	22 March 1802
date of birth	Kathleen O'Neal Gear (born 1954) is an American writer.	Kathleen O'Neal Gear	1954
date of birth	Ezra Nahmad (born 1945) is a Lebanon-born fine art collector and dealer, and a billionaire with a net worth of US$1.5billion.	Ezra Nahmad	1945
date of birth	Pirro Gonzaga (1490 - 22 January 1529) was an Italian nobleman and condottiero.	Pirro Gonzaga	1490
date of birth	Randle Chowning (born 1950, in Mountain View, Missouri) is a singer-songwriter best known as the founder of the Ozark Mountain Daredevils.	Randle Chowning	1950
date of birth	Marie Armande de La Trémoille (Marie Armande Victoire; 1677 -- 5 March 1717) was a French noblewoman and princesse de Turenne by marriage.	Marie Armande de La Trémoille	1677
date of birth	Rob Dowsing (born 3 September 1947) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Rob Dowsing	3 September 1947
date of birth	Wade Forrester (born 23 March 1976) is a former Australian rugby league footballer.	Wade Forrester	23 March 1976
date of birth	Hannah Yakin (born as Hannah van Hulst; 3 March 1933 in Amsterdam) is an Israeli artist.	Hannah Yakin	1933
date of birth	Nitin Saxena (Hindi: नितिन सक्सेना) (born 3 May 1981) is an Indian scientist, active in the fields of mathematics and theoretical computer science.	Nitin Saxena	3 May 1981
date of birth	Christian Welzel (born 1964) is a German political scientist at the Leuphana University Lueneburg and Director of Research at the World Values Survey Association.	Christian Welzel	1964
date of birth	Abu Nasr Khusrau Firuz (Persian: ابونصر خسرو فیروز‎, died 1058 or 1059), better known by his laqab of Al-Malik al-Rahim (Arabic: الملک الرحیم‎, ``the merciful king'') was the last Buyid amir of Iraq (October 1048 -- 1055).	Al-Malik al-Rahim	1058
date of birth	Theresa J. Kaijage, MSW, MPH, PhD (born 1947) is a well-known social worker who advocates for those infected with HIV/AIDS in Tanzania.	Theresa J. Kaijage	1947
date of birth	Hana Wirth-Nesher (born 2 March 1948) is an Israeli literary scholar and university professor.	Hana Wirth-Nesher	2 March 1948
date of birth	Steven Degnan (born 2 April 1992, Dumfries) is a professional association footballer signed for St Cuthbert Wanderers F.C.	Steven Degnan	2 April 1992
date of birth	Lev Susany (born 19 November 1988) is a former Australian powerlifter who competed in the International Powerlifting Federation (IPF).	Lev Susany	19 November 1988
date of birth	Nellie Casman (1896--1984) was an actress and singer in Yiddish theater.	Nellie Casman	1896
date of birth	Frank Desprez (9 February 1853 -- 25 November 1916) was an English playwright, essayist, and poet.	Frank Desprez	9 February 1853
date of birth	Peter Prosper (born 7 November 1969) is a Trinidadian footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a striker.	Peter Prosper	7 November 1969
date of birth	Anastasia Dobromyslova-Martin (Russian: Анастаси́я Петро́вна Добромы́слова) (born 26 September 1984) is a professional darts player currently ranked World No4 by the WDF.	Anastasia Dobromyslova	26 September 1984
date of birth	Daniel Le Clerc (or Daniel Leclerc) (1652-1728) was a medical writer of the late 17th and early 18th centuries.	Daniel Le Clerc	1652
date of birth	Donald Yetter Gardner (20 August 1913, Portland, Pennsylvania -- 15 September 2004) wrote the classic Christmas song ``All I Want For Christmas Is My Two Front Teeth.''	Donald Yetter Gardner	20 August 1913
date of birth	Urso Chappell (Urso Stephen Allen Chappell, Korean: 울소 차펠, Chinese: 厄尔索‧查普尔, Japanese: ウロソ・チャペル or ウルソ・チャペル, Arabic: اورسو تشابيل) is an American graphic designer, writer, and world's fair historian born 4 March 1967.	Urso Chappell	1967
date of birth	Leah Golberstein (born 1953) is a paper, fiber, and installation artist residing in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Leah Golberstein	1953
date of birth	Rakesh Vijay (22 March 1970), professionally known as R. Vijay, is a Rajasthani miniaturist best known for his collaborative work with American artist Waswo X. Waswo.	Rakesh Vijay	22 March 1970
date of birth	Caitlin Carver (born 1992) is an American actress and dancer.	Caitlin Carver	1992
date of birth	Ivan Rosenqvist (17 May 1916 -- 8 October 1994) was an Austrian-born Norwegian geologist.	Ivan Rosenqvist	17 May 1916
date of birth	Jim Bob (born James Neil Morrison on 22 November 1960) is a British musician and author, best known as the singer of indie punk band Carter USM.	Jim Bob	22 November 1960
date of birth	Radim Kořínek (born 1 December 1973) is a former competitive bicyclist.	Radim Kořínek	1 December 1973
date of birth	Kjersti Alveberg, born 26 July 1948, is a Norwegian choreographer and dancer.	Kjersti Alveberg	26 July 1948
date of birth	Ross D. Wyllie (born 1948) is an Australian pop music singer and television presenter and producer from the 1960s and 1970s.	Ross D. Wyllie	1948
date of birth	Jaime Murray (born 21 July 1976) is an English actress, known for playing Stacie Monroe in the BBC series Hustle and Lila West in the Showtime series Dexter.	Jaime Murray	21 July 1976
date of birth	Eric Gaskins (born 1958) is a New York based fashion designer known for his craftsmanship and technique.	Eric Gaskins	1958
date of birth	Richard Robarts (born 22 September 1944 in Bicknacre, Essex) is a British former racing driver from England.	Richard Robarts	22 September 1944
date of birth	Tamer Nafar (Arabic: تامر النفار‎, Hebrew: תאמר נאפר‎; born June 6, 1979), is an Arab-Israeli rap artist.	Tamer Nafar	1979
date of birth	Khánh Ly (born as Nguyễn Lệ Mai (Mai Nguyen) on 6 March 1945) is a Vietnamese singer.	Khánh Ly	6 March 1945
date of birth	Winis Imbi (born 26 April 1979 in Papua New Guinea) is an Australian rules footballer.	Winis Imbi	26 April 1979
date of birth	Omari Caro (born 7 March 1991 in Hammersmith) is an English born Jamaican professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for Bradford Bulls in the Championship and at international level for Jamaica.	Omari Caro	7 March 1991
date of birth	John Russell, 1st Earl Russell KG GCMG PC (18 August 1792 -- 28 May 1878), known as Lord John Russell before 1861, was a leading Whig and Liberal politician who served as Prime Minister on two occasions during the mid-19th century.	John Russell, 1st Earl Russell	18 August 1792
date of birth	Francis Salvador (1747 -- August 1, 1776) was a young English plantation owner in the colony of South Carolina from the Sephardic Jewish community of London; in 1774 he was the first Jew to be elected to public office in the colonies when chosen for the Provincial Congress.	Francis Salvador	1747
date of birth	Frae Wilson (born 9 February 1989) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a halfback for Wellington in the ITM Cup.	Frae Wilson	9 February 1989
date of birth	Stephen L. Buchwald (born 1955) is an American chemist and Camille Dreyfus Professor of Chemistry at MIT.	Stephen L. Buchwald	1955
date of birth	Michael Maule (born 31 October 1921) is an American ballet dancer and instructor, now retired.	Michael Maule	31 October 1921
date of birth	Brigadier General Charles Bulkeley Bulkeley-Johnson (1867 --1917) was a British and Egyptian Army officer who served in the Mahdist War and the First World War, in which he was killed.	Charles Bulkeley Bulkeley-Johnson	1867
date of birth	Abdelatif Chemlal (Arabic: عبداللطيف شملال‎) (born 11 January 1982 in Khouribga) is a Moroccan long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metre steeplechase.	Abdelatif Chemlal	11 January 1982
date of birth	Sadegh Najafi-Khazarlou (Persian: صادق نجفی, born 2 December 1960) is an Iranian politician and the fifty-fifth mayor of Tabriz.	Sadegh Najafi-Khazarlou	2 December 1960
date of birth	Percival Goodhouse (c. 1752 - August 2, 1774) was one of the first patients admitted to the Public Hospital for Persons of Insane and Disordered Minds in Williamsburg, Virginia, after its opening on October 12, 1773.	Percival Goodhouse	1752
date of birth	Dailenys Alcántara Pacheco (born 10 August 1991) is a Cuban track and field athlete who competes in the triple jump and occasionally the long jump.	Dailenys Alcántara	10 August 1991
date of birth	Eric Brodie (born 8 November 1940 in Rattray) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a wing half.	Eric Brodie	8 November 1940
date of birth	Ísak Harðarson is an Icelandic poet born in 1956.	Ísak Harðarson	1956
date of birth	Rinaldo Veri (born 22 April 1952) is an Italian naval officer.	Rinaldo Veri	22 April 1952
date of birth	Benjamin Hayes, or Benjamin Ignatius Hayes, (1815--77) was an American pioneer who was the first judge of the district court that served Los Angeles, San Diego and San Bernardino counties in California.	Benjamin Ignatius Hayes	1815
date of birth	Ilya Ushakov (Belarusian: Iлля Ушакоў; Russian: Илья Ушаков; born 10 May 1991) is a Belarusian footballer.	Ilya Ushakov	10 May 1991
date of birth	Roman Libbertz, born 1977 in Munich, is a poet, writer and painter.	Roman Libbertz	1977
date of birth	Everard de Ros (born 1144) was the lord of Hamlake.	Everard de Ros	1144
date of birth	Dillon Smit (born 11 December 1992 in Bethal, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing provincial rugby with the Golden Lions.	Dillon Smit	11 December 1992
date of birth	Ivan Tomko Mrnavić (1579--1637) was a Venetian Catholic bishop and author of historical works.	Ivan Tomko Mrnavić	1579
date of birth	Michele Merlo (born 7 August 1984) is an Italian professional racing cyclist, who last rode for the UCI Professional Continental team Vini Fantini-Selle Italia.	Michele Merlo	7 August 1984
date of birth	Leon Jay Williams (Chinese: 立威廉; pinyin: Li Wei Lian, born 30 July 1976) is Eurasian Singaporean singer and actor who frequently lives and works in Taiwan and mainland China.	Leon Jay Williams	30 July 1976
date of birth	Major-General James Walter Sandilands CB CMG DSO (1874--1959) was Commander of British Troops in South China.	James Walter Sandilands	1874
date of birth	Dallas West (born 1941, Rockford, Illinois) is an American pool player and was inducted into the Billiards Congress of America Hall of Fame in 1996.	Dallas West	1941
date of birth	Zalman Aran (Hebrew: זלמן ארן‎, 1 March 1899 -- 6 September 1970) was a Zionist activist, educator and Israeli politician.	Zalman Aran	1 March 1899
date of birth	Matteo Fedele (born 20 July 1992) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Serie A club Carpi on loan from FC Sion.	Matteo Fedele	20 July 1992
date of birth	Simone Leigh (born 1968) is an American artist born to Jamaican parents.	Simone Leigh	1968
date of birth	Asaf Bimro (Hebrew: אסף בימרו‎, born 1 January 1969) is a retired Israeli long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon.	Asaf Bimro	1 January 1969
date of birth	Lt. Gen. Mohamed Lamari (7 June 1939 -- 13 February 2012) (Arabic: محمد العماري‎) was Chief of Staff of the Algerian army during most of the Algerian Civil War.	Mohamed Lamari	7 June 1939
date of birth	Jenny Williams (born 1939) is an author and academic at Dublin City University.	Jenny Williams	1939
date of birth	Kenneth Lantz (born 1949) is a Swedish Christian democratic politician, member of the Riksdag 1991-1994 and again 1998--2006.	Kenneth Lantz	1949
date of birth	Reuf Bajrović (13 July 1977) is a Bosnian politician who currently serves as Minister of Energy, Mining and Industry of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Reuf Bajrović	13 July 1977
date of birth	Amzi Chapin (1768--19 February 1835) was an American cabinetmaker, singing-school teacher, shapenote proponent and composer.	Amzi Chapin	1768
date of birth	De-Wet Nagel (born 15 June 1985) is a South African actor, musician and composer.	De-Wet Nagel	15 June 1985
date of birth	Marcus To (born 20 October 1983) is a Canadian comic book artist who currently works for DC Comics as the monthly artist for Batwing.	Marcus To	20 October 1983
date of birth	Mayandi Bharathi (1917 -- 2015) was an Indian journalist and revolutionary who participated in the independence movement.	Mayandi Bharathi	1917
date of birth	Baba Roshan Jurangpathy (born 25 June 1967) is a Sri Lankan former Test cricketer.	Roshan Jurangpathy	25 June 1967
date of birth	Amin Golestan (Born as Amin Golestan Parast, 5 June 1988 in Dubai, UAE) is a New York based DJ, record label owner, and music producer.	Amin Golestan	5 June 1988
date of birth	Fander Falconí Benitez (born 1962), is an Ecuadorian economist and politician.	Fander Falconí	1962
date of birth	Alfred Hernando Hueso (Valencia 1957), known as Fredi, is a retired Valencian pilota professional player working now as a pilota businessman.	Alfred Hernando	1957
date of birth	Gilman Louie (born 1960) is a technology venture capitalist who got his start as a video game designer and then ran the CIA venture capital fund In-Q-Tel. He graduated in 1983 from San Francisco State University.	Gilman Louie	1960
date of birth	Tim Whitsett (born 1943) is an American music publisher, musician, songwriter, producer, author, and consultant.	Tim Whitsett	1943
date of birth	Germaine Paulson (born Friday 15 February 1985 in Beaudesert, Queensland) is a professional Australian rugby league footballer, playing for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the 2006 and 2008 NRL seasons as a utility Back.	Germaine Paulson	15 February 1985
date of birth	Sucheta Kadethankar (Marathi: सुचेता कडेठाणकर) (born 31 December 1977) is an Indian information technology developer from Pune.	Sucheta Kadethankar	31 December 1977
date of birth	Joan Wolf (born 1951 in Bronx, New York) is an American writer of romance novels.	Joan Wolf	1951
date of birth	Anastasiya Juravleva (also spelled Zhuravlyeva, née Kirbyateva, born 9 October 1981) is a Uzbekistani triple jumper and long jumper.	Anastasiya Juravleva	9 October 1981
date of birth	Fredrik Petersen (born 27 August 1983) is a Swedish handballer, who played for Danish Handball League side GOG Svendborg, before moving to AG Copenhagen in the Summer 2012.	Fredrik Petersen	27 August 1983
date of birth	Timo Alakotila is a Finnish composer, arranger, and musician born July 15, 1959.	Timo Alakotila	1959
date of birth	Ludwig Pietsch (25 December 1824 -- 27 November 1911) was a German painter, art critic and feature writer and a friend of Theodor Fontane.	Ludwig Pietsch	25 December 1824
date of birth	Søren Pape Poulsen (born 31 December 1971) is a Danish politician and leader of the Danish Conservative Party.	Søren Pape Poulsen	31 December 1971
date of birth	Janette Bouman (born 17 June 1964 in Veendam, Netherlands) is a Dutch-born Kazakhstani dressage rider.	Janette Bouman	17 June 1964
date of birth	Paolo Butigella (1475 -- October 9, 1531) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1530 to 1531.	Paolo Butigella	1475
date of birth	Sinta Wullur (born 16 November 1958) is an Indonesian-Dutch gamelan musician and composer.	Sinta Wullur	16 November 1958
date of birth	Willem Cornelis Theodorus Friso de Zeeuw (born 11 January 1952, Rotterdam) is a Dutch jurist, professor and politician.	Friso de Zeeuw	11 January 1952
date of birth	Manuel Curado (born 1967) is a Portuguese essayist and philosopher dedicated to Biomedical Ethics, Philosophy of Mind, and the History of Ideas.	Manuel Curado	1967
date of birth	Royden Loewen (born 26 October 1954 in Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian History Professor and Chair in Mennonite Studies at the University of Winnipeg.	Royden Loewen	26 October 1954
date of birth	Dervis Konuralp (born 1980) is a British Paralympic swimmer who has represented Great Britain at four Paralympic Games, three World Championships and four European Championships.	Dervis Konuralp	1980
date of birth	Baciro Candé (born 18 March 1948 in Catio) is a Guinea-Bissauan professional football player and manager.	Baciro Candé	18 March 1948
date of birth	Tara Donovan (born 1969 in New York) is an American artist who lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.	Tara Donovan	1969
date of birth	Nir Kabaretti (born 5 February 1968) is an Israeli orchestra conductor.	Nir Kabaretti	5 February 1968
date of birth	Elly Idris (born 4 November 1962) is a former Indonesian international footballer who is currently the coach of Indonesian Super League side Persita Tangerang.	Elly Idris	4 November 1962
date of birth	Glenn Ashby (born 1 September 1977) is an Australian sailor from Strathfieldsaye a suburb of Bendigo, Victoria.	Glenn Ashby	1 September 1977
date of birth	Betty Chung (born 1947) is a former Hong Kong recording artist popular during the 1960s and 1970s.	Betty Chung	1947
date of birth	Isaak Markovich Khalatnikov (Russian: Исаак Маркович Халатников; born 17 October 1919) is a Soviet-born physicist, well known for his role in developing the BKL conjecture in general relativity.	Isaak Markovich Khalatnikov	17 October 1919
date of birth	Steve Canaday (born 1967, Lansing, Michigan, USA) is an American artist based in Los Angeles.	Steve Canaday	1967
date of birth	Gashaw Asfaw Melese (Amharic: ጋሻው አስፋው; born 26 September 1978) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner.	Gashaw Asfaw	26 September 1978
date of birth	Mathurin Moreau (18 November 1822 -- 14 February 1912) was a French sculptor in the academic style.	Mathurin Moreau	18 November 1822
date of birth	Panayiotis Kalorkoti (born 11 April 1957, Cyprus) is a contemporary British artist.	Panayiotis Kalorkoti	11 April 1957
date of birth	Alexander Smyth (1765 -- April 17, 1830) was an American lawyer, soldier, and politician from Virginia.	Alexander Smyth	1765
date of birth	Brian James Roche (born 2 October 1987) is an Irish actor, writer and musician from Limerick, Ireland.	Brian James Roche	2 October 1987
date of birth	Julie Fagerholt (born 17 April 1968) is a Danish fashion designer and founder of the luxury clothing brand Heartmade.	Julie Fagerholt	17 April 1968
date of birth	Audrey Jones (born 1934) was a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom.	Audrey Jones	1934
date of birth	Tseveensürengiin Ganbayar (Mongolian: Цэвээнсүрэнгийн Ганбаяр; born 2 June 1991) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Tseveensürengiin Ganbayar	2 June 1991
date of birth	Páll Guðlaugsson (born 9 September 1958) is an Icelandic former footballer and current football coach.	Páll Guðlaugsson	9 September 1958
date of birth	Paolo Pasko (born Paolo Pascolat, 31 October 1969) also known as Pasko, is an Italian singer-songwriter and musician.	Paolo Pasko	31 October 1969
date of birth	Gudrun Bojesen (born 1976) is a Danish ballet dancer.	Gudrun Bojesen	1976
date of birth	Julius Achon (born 12 December 1976) is a Ugandan retired middle distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres and 1500 metres.	Julius Achon	12 December 1976
date of birth	Shelim Hussain, MBE (born 20 February 1973) is a Bangladeshi-born British entrepreneur, and founder, Chairman and Managing Director of Euro Foods (UK).	Shelim Hussain	20 February 1973
date of birth	Camilla Lindberg (born 1973) was a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician (2006--10).	Camilla Lindberg	1973
date of birth	Janet Chance (10 February 1886 -- 18 December 1953) was a British feminist writer, sex education advocate and birth control and abortion law reformer.	Janet Chance	10 February 1886
date of birth	Peter Cundall, AM (born 1 April 1927) is a horticulturalist, conservationist, author, broadcaster and television personality in Australia.	Peter Cundall	1 April 1927
date of birth	Ole Bornedal (born 26 May 1959) is a Danish film director, actor and producer.	Ole Bornedal	26 May 1959
date of birth	Mona Knox (1929--2008) was an American model and film actress.	Mona Knox	1929
date of birth	Sir Arnold Theiler (26 March 1867 -- 24 July 1936) Pour le Mérite is considered to be the father of veterinary science in South Africa.	Arnold Theiler	26 March 1867
date of birth	Silvija Mrakovčić, née Babić (born 12 December 1968) is a retired Croatian long jumper and triple jumper.	Silvija Mrakovčić	12 December 1968
date of birth	Darius White (born 1992) is a wide receiver.	Darius White	1992
date of birth	Dionísio Mendes de Sousa (born 9 October 1940) was a professor/teacher, politician, president of the Azorean Regional Assembly and Portuguese writer of the Azores.	Dionísio Mendes de Sousa	9 October 1940
date of birth	Yujiro Kawamata (born 1952) is a Japanese mathematician working in algebraic geometry.	Yujiro Kawamata	1952
date of birth	Ove Pedersen (born 30 August 1954) is a Danish football manager and a former player, who is the current manager of Hobro IK.	Ove Pedersen	30 August 1954
date of birth	Mohammed Mzali (Arabic: محمد مزالي‎, 23 December 1925 -- 23 June 2010) was a Tunisian politician.	Mohammed Mzali	23 December 1925
date of birth	Colin Duriez (born 19 July 1947) is a writer on fantasy and related matters.	Colin Duriez	19 July 1947
date of birth	John Claymond (1468--1537) was the first President of Corpus Christi College, Oxford.	John Claymond	1468
date of birth	Mohammad Shahzaib Hasan Khan (Urdu: محمد شاہ زیب حسن خان‎), (born 25 December 1989) is a Pakistani cricketer.	Shahzaib Hasan	25 December 1989
date of birth	Rexhe Bytyçi (Serbo-Croat: Redže Bitiči) (born 5 May 1987) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Union St. Florian.	Rexhe Bytyçi	5 May 1987
date of birth	Harold Robson (1897 -- unknown) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.	Harold Robson	1897
date of birth	Victor Ndoma-Egba (born 8 March 1956) is a Nigerian politician who has been a member of the national senate for Cross River State since 2003.	Victor Ndoma-Egba	8 March 1956
date of birth	Rick Witter (born Richard James Witter, 23 November 1972, Stockport, Cheshire) is a singer, songwriter and frontman of the York-based Britpop band Shed Seven.	Rick Witter	23 November 1972
date of birth	Jasmin Muharemović (born 22 February 1965) is a popular Bosnian pop-folk singer.	Jasmin Muharemović	22 February 1965
date of birth	Jin Shijia (Chinese: 金世佳; pinyin: Jīn Shìjiā; born 10 November 1986), also known as Kingscar Jin, is a Chinese actor and swimmer.	Jin Shijia	10 November 1986
date of birth	Gulbrand Alhaug (born July 2, 1942) is a Norwegian onomastician and linguistics professor emeritus at the University of Tromsø.	Gulbrand Alhaug	1942
date of birth	Viju Shah (full name Vijay Kalyanji Shah, born 5 June 1959) is a music director of Hindi cinema.	Viju Shah	5 June 1959
date of birth	David Neilson (born 13 March 1949) is an English actor best known for portraying Roy Cropper in the British ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 1995 onwards.	David Neilson	13 March 1949
date of birth	Magnus Wallin (born 1965 in Kåseberga, Löderup) is a Swedish video artist, working with 3D animation.	Magnus Wallin	1965
date of birth	K.P. Bhaskar (1925 -- April 17, 2013) was an Indian classical dance instructor and maestro.	K.P. Bhaskar	1925
date of birth	Anton Kannemeyer (born 30 October 1967 in Cape Town) is a South African comics artist, who sometimes goes by the pseudonym Joe Dog.	Anton Kannemeyer	30 October 1967
date of birth	Marcus Stock (born 27 August 1961) is a bishop of the Catholic Church.	Marcus Stock	27 August 1961
date of birth	Michel Brusseaux (19 March 1913 -- March 1986) was a professional French association footballer.	Michel Brusseaux	19 March 1913
date of birth	Francisco Diece de Oliveira Pereira (born 17 June 1986), simply known as Diece, is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for Intelli as a winger.	Diece	17 June 1986
date of birth	Hanns Lippmann (1890--1929) was a German film producer of the silent era.	Hanns Lippmann	1890
date of birth	Andy Sheppard (born 20 January 1957) is a British jazz saxophonist and composer.	Andy Sheppard	20 January 1957
date of birth	Damien Lacey (born 3 August 1977) is a former Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Swansea City and now Coaches Corneli United Diviosion 1	Damien Lacey	3 August 1977
date of birth	Annibale Fontana (1540--1587) was an Italian sculptor, medallist and crystal-worker.	Annibale Fontana	1540
date of birth	Chang Tao-fan (simplified Chinese: 张道藩; traditional Chinese: 張道藩; pinyin: Zhāng Dàofān; 12 July 1897 - 12 June 1968) was a prominent figure and long-time central member of Kuomindang.	Chang Tao-fan	12 July 1897
date of birth	Mark Applegarth ( 10 December 1984 ) is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers, Wakefield Trinity (Heitage #1221), York (twice), Central Queensland Comets and Batley, as a prop, second-row, or loose forward/lock.	Mark Applegarth	10 December 1984
date of birth	Edward Blount, 2nd Baron Mountjoy (1464--12 October 1475) was an English peer.	Edward Blount, 2nd Baron Mountjoy	1464
date of birth	Ken Ilsø Larsen (born 2 December 1986) is a Danish professional footballer, who is currently playing for Singaporean football club Home United in Singapore's top tier of football, S.League.	Ken Ilsø	2 December 1986
date of birth	Keit Pentus-Rosimannus (born 3 March 1976) is an Estonian politician, vice-chairwoman of the biggest parliament party Reform Party and former chairwoman of its parliamentary faction.	Keit Pentus-Rosimannus	3 March 1976
date of birth	Adnan Zildžović (born 28 October 1969) is a former Bosnian footballer and currently the manager of Bylis Ballsh.	Adnan Zildžović	28 October 1969
date of birth	Nguyễn Chấn, known as Trần Văn Trà (1918 -- April 20, 1996) was a Vietnamese general.	Trần Văn Trà	1918
date of birth	Thiago Ribeiro Cardoso (born 24 February 1986), commonly known as Thiago Ribeiro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro on loan from Santos mainly as a second striker.	Thiago Ribeiro	24 February 1986
date of birth	Carrie Tiffany (born 1965) is an English-born Australian novelist and former park ranger.	Carrie Tiffany	1965
date of birth	Markus Grössinger (born 1 August 1989) is an Austrian footballer who is currently a free agent.	Markus Grössinger	1 August 1989
date of birth	Žarko Bulajić (22 July 1922 in Vilusi, Nikšić, Montenegro -- 1 January 2009) was the President of the Executive Council of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro from 7 October 1969 to 6 May 1974.	Žarko Bulajić	22 July 1922
date of birth	Jostein Gripsrud (born 1952) is a Norwegian media scholar, and is Professor in Media Studies at the University of Bergen.	Jostein Gripsrud	1952
date of birth	General Charles Richard Fox (6 November 1796 -- 13 April 1873) was a British army general, and later a politician.	Charles Richard Fox	6 November 1796
date of birth	Dashrath Patel (1927 - December 1, 2010) was Indian designer, sculptor, who was the founder secretary of the National Institute of Design (NID), Ahmedabad, from 1961 to 1981.	Dashrath Patel	1927
date of birth	Young-Chang Cho (born 1958 in Seoul) is a Korean classical cellist teaching at the Folkwang University of the Arts in Germany's Ruhr Area.	Young-Chang Cho	1958
date of birth	Ricardo M. Urbina (born 1946 ) is a former United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.	Ricardo M. Urbina	1946
date of birth	Martin Jellinghaus (born 26 October 1944) is a retired West German former athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Martin Jellinghaus	26 October 1944
date of birth	Prince Ofori Yartey (born 6 October 1988) is a Ghanaian Beninese football central defender who recently played for MFK Karviná.	Prince Ofori	6 October 1988
date of birth	Götz Otto (born 15 October 1967) is a German film and television actor who is perhaps best known internationally for his roles as Henchman Richard Stamper in the 1997 James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies, and as Nazi commander Klaus Adler in the 2012 comic science fiction film Iron Sky.	Götz Otto	15 October 1967
date of birth	Anna Williamson (born 1981) is a British television presenter, best known as the co-presenter of children's programmes Toonattik and Action Stations! between 2005 and 2010, shows she hosted alongside Jamie Rickers on CITV.	Anna Williamson	1981
date of birth	Muluemebet Girma (born c. 1984) in Ethiopia, was the third person (and second woman) charged under the Terrorism Act 2000 over the 21 July 2005 London bombings, along with her sister Yeshshiembet Girma.	Muluemebet Girma	1984
date of birth	Mick Manning (born 1959) is a British artist and creator of children's books.	Mick Manning	1959
date of birth	Peter Xavier Price (born 1985 in Epsom, Surrey) is a British artist, illustrator and academic historian.	Peter Xavier Price	1985
date of birth	Silvia Sommaggio (born 20 November 1969) is a retired Italian long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 and 10,000 metres as well as cross-country and road running.	Silvia Sommaggio	20 November 1969
date of birth	Mauricio Oliva Herrera (born 8 March 1951 in Tegucigalpa) is a Honduran surgeon and politician.	Mauricio Oliva	8 March 1951
date of birth	Matthew Thornton (1714 -- June 24, 1803), was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of New Hampshire.	Matthew Thornton	1714
date of birth	Michael Georgiou (born 18 January 1988) is an English professional snooker player of Greek Cypriot descent from Forest Hill.	Michael Georgiou	18 January 1988
date of birth	Atto of Vercelli or Atto II (885-961) was a Lombard who became bishop of Vercelli in 924.	Atto of Vercelli	885
date of birth	Pan Fu (Chinese: 潘復; pinyin: Pān Fù) (22 November 1883 -- 1936) was a Chinese politician and premier of the Republic of China from 1927 to 1928 during the Beiyang government.	Pan Fu	22 November 1883
date of birth	Adam Glogauer (aka Adam Unknown, born 1970) was born in Costa Mesa, California and is best known as the singer-songwriter of Cute Phase.	Adam Glogauer	1970
date of birth	Fatimah Tuggar (born 1967) is a Nigerian visual artist and now based in the United States.	Fatimah Tuggar	1967
date of birth	Nigel Botterill (born January 1966) is a British entrepreneur, marketer, author, speaker and business mentor.	Nigel Botterill	January 1966
date of birth	Anzhela Kravchenko (Ukrainian: Анжела Кравченко, born 25 January 1971) is a retired Ukrainian sprinter.	Anzhela Kravchenko	25 January 1971
date of birth	Alexander Meduna (born 1957 in Olomouc, Czech Republic) is a theoretical computer scientist and expert on compiler design, formal languages and automata.	Alexander Meduna	1957
date of birth	Gaurav Keerthi (born 2 April 1979, in India) is an officer in the Republic of Singapore Air Force (RSAF) who is also a television personality and author in Singapore and is the founder of dialectic.sg, an online commenting platform based in Singapore.	Gaurav Keerthi	2 April 1979
date of birth	Jure Šterk (6 January 1937 -- January 2009) was a Slovenian long-distance sailor and author, who went missing during a sailing trip around the world.	Jure Šterk	6 January 1937
date of birth	Alfredo Morabia (born 2 November 1952) is a Swiss American doctor, epidemiologist, and historian.	Alfredo Morabia	2 November 1952
date of birth	Rudolf Otto Neumann (29 June 1868, Seifhennersdorf - April 5, 1952, Hamburg) was a German hygienist.	Rudolf Otto Neumann	29 June 1868
date of birth	Leslie Blackett Wilson (born 1930) was chair of Computing Science at the University of Stirling, appointed on August, 1979.	Leslie Blackett Wilson	1930
date of birth	Professor Bronwyn Harch (born Bronwyn Christensen in 1969) is an Australian environmental statistician who brings digital technology and mathematical sciences to sectors like agriculture, environment, health, manufacturing and energy.	Bronwyn Harch	1969
date of birth	Sandro Nielsen (born 1961) is a Danish metalexicographer, Associate Professor at Centre for Lexicography at the Aarhus School of Business, Denmark, from where he received his PhD in 1992.	Sandro Nielsen	1961
date of birth	Nathan Tutt (born 23 January 1980) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Sydney Roosters, St. George Illawarra Dragons and Manly Warringah Sea Eagles.	Nathan Tutt	23 January 1980
date of birth	Biko Agozino (born 27 July 1961) is a Nigerian criminologist best known for his 1997 book Black Women and the Criminal Justice System.	Biko Agozino	27 July 1961
date of birth	Ana Bailão born August 10, 1976 is a Canadian politician who was elected to Toronto City Council in the 2010 city council election to succeed Adam Giambrone in Ward 18 on October 25, 2010.	Ana Bailão	1976
date of birth	Frank Fletcher Hamilton (3 April 1921 -- 1 February 2008) was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons through 4 separate successful elections (1972--1984).	Frank Fletcher Hamilton	3 April 1921
date of birth	Francis Robert Japp (8 February 1848 -- 1 August 1925) was a British chemist who discovered the Japp-Klingemann reaction in 1887.	Francis Robert Japp	8 February 1848
date of birth	György Udvardy (born 14 May 1960) is a Hungarian prelate, who has been Bishop of Pécs since 2011.	György Udvardy	14 May 1960
date of birth	Nello Pazzafini (15 May 1933 -- 27 November 1997) was an Italian actor who appeared in a very large number of Peplum movies, Spaghetti Westerns and Poliziotteschi.	Nello Pazzafini	15 May 1933
date of birth	Anne Knight (2 November 1786 -- 4 November 1862) was a social reformer noted as a pioneer of feminism.	Anne Knight	2 November 1786
date of birth	Barbara Milton, also known as Barbara Milton Watkins Strater (8 July 1898 -- 20 July 1971) was an American theatre actress.	Barbara Milton	8 July 1898
date of birth	Haris Hajradinović (born 18 February 1994) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a Winger for Norvegian club Haugesund on loan from Belgian club Gent.	Haris Hajradinović	18 February 1994
date of birth	Saša Drakulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Дракулић ; born 28 August 1972 in Vukovar) is a retired Serbian footballer.	Saša Drakulić	28 August 1972
date of birth	Ian Selley (born 14 June 1974) is an English former professional footballer, and coach at Arsenal's training camp in Dubai.	Ian Selley	14 June 1974
date of birth	Larry Newton (born Lawrence Newton 7 May 1920 -- 30 January 2005, Pompano Beach, Florida) was an American record company entrepreneur, first with several independent labels, then, as a sales manager at the 1955 startup of ABC-Paramount Records, ascending to president in 1965.	Larry Newton	7 May 1920
date of birth	Erhan Kavak (born 16 December 1987) is a Turkish-Swiss football player, he currently plays for Kartalspor.	Erhan Kavak	16 December 1987
date of birth	Jack Main (22 June 1876 -- 16 December 1945) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Sturt in the South Australian Football League (SAFL).	Jack Main	22 June 1876
date of birth	Kostas Aidiniou (Greek: Κώστας Αϊδινίου; born 2 February 1948 in Thessaloniki) is a former Greek international football player that played for Iraklis and Olympiacos as an attacking midfielder .	Kostas Aidiniou	2 February 1948
date of birth	Terri Rogers, born Ivan Southgate (4 May 1937 -- 30 May 1999) was a transsexual English ventriloquist and magician.	Terri Rogers	4 May 1937
date of birth	Govert Schüller (born 1959) is a Dutch-American author who writes about Jiddu Krishnamurti and theosophy.	Govert Schüller	1959
date of birth	Arthur Henry Knighton-Hammond (18 September 1875 -- 28 February 1970) was born in Arnold, Nottinghamshire as Arthur Henry Hammond.	Arthur Henry Knighton-Hammond	18 September 1875
date of birth	Gökçek Vederson (born Wederson Luiz da Silva Medeiros on 22 July 1981), is a Brazilian-Turkish footballer who plays for Mersin.	Gökçek Vederson	22 July 1981
date of birth	Sylfest Lomheim (born 11 March 1945 in Hafslo) is a Norwegian philologist.	Sylfest Lomheim	11 March 1945
date of birth	Ben Fordham (born 29 November 1976) is an Australian journalist, sports reporter and radio presenter.	Ben Fordham	29 November 1976
date of birth	Hannah Stouffer (born 1981) is an American artist, illustrator and art director living and working in Los Angeles, CA.	Hannah Stouffer	1981
date of birth	Hubert Buchberger (born 1951, in Frankfurt) is a German violinist, conductor and music university teacher.	Hubert Buchberger	1951
date of birth	David Roe (born 11 September 1965) is a former English professional snooker player, and a four-time ranking tournament quarter-finalist.	David Roe	11 September 1965
date of birth	Andrea Nield (born 1951) is an Australian architect who founded and was elected the first president of Emergency Architects Australia.	Andrea Nield	1951
date of birth	Carla Ferrari (born 1996) is a young French chef and TV presenter.	Carla Ferrari	1996
date of birth	Mirriam Mukape (born 4 August 1986), usually known as Mampi, is a Zambian R&B singer.	Mampi	4 August 1986
date of birth	Zhao Yueyu (simplified Chinese: 赵跃宇; traditional Chinese: 趙躍宇; pinyin: Zhào Yuèyǔ; born September 1961) is a Chinese educator who served as President of Hunan University since September 2011.	Zhao Yueyu	1961
date of birth	Melikshah Soyturk (Turkish: Melikşah Soytürk) (born 18 November 1984) is a modern Turkish topographic painter.	Melikshah Soyturk	18 November 1984
date of birth	Stewart Jump (born 27 January 1952) is a former English footballer in the Football League for Crystal Palace, Fulham and Stoke City.	Stewart Jump	27 January 1952
date of birth	Joálisson Santos Oliveira (born 31 March 1991), commonly known as Joálisson or simply Jo is a Brazilian footballer, who plays for Moldovan club Sheriff Tiraspol in Moldovan National Division.	Joálisson	31 March 1991
date of birth	Edward Ledwich LL.D. F.S.A. (1738 -- 8 August 1823) was an Irish historian, antiquary and topographer.	Edward Ledwich	1738
date of birth	William Waller Lewis (3 November 1860 -- 1 November 1915), known on stage as Lewis Waller, was an English actor and theatre manager, well known on the London stage and in the English provinces.	Lewis Waller	3 November 1860
date of birth	Ayatollah Ata'ollah Ashrafi Esfahani (Persian: آیت الله عطاءالله اشرفی اصفهانی‎‎, 1902--1982) was an Iranian religious leader.	Ata'ollah Ashrafi Esfahani	1902
date of birth	Sam Walls (born 1940) is a former Republican primary candidate for the Texas state legislature for the 58th district, in the 2004 election.	Sam Walls	1940
date of birth	Yuri Puntus (Belarusian: Юры Іосіфавіч Пунтус; Russian: Юрий Иосифович Пунтус) (born 8 October 1960) is a Soviet football player and a Belarusian football coach.	Yuri Puntus	8 October 1960
date of birth	Donald K. David (born 1896) was the third dean of the Harvard Business School, serving from 1942 to 1955.	Donald K. David	1896
date of birth	Swabri Mohammed (born 1 May 1981), better known by his stage name Redsan, is a Kenyan reggae and ragga musician.	Redsan	1981
date of birth	Otto Luttrop (born 1 March 1939) is a retired German football player and coach.	Otto Luttrop	1 March 1939
date of birth	Jade Chow Wei Mun (also spelled Jade Chow or Jade Wei Mun Chow) (born 1957) is a Malaysian physician, and an expert on skin and bone pathology.	Jade Chow Wei Mun	1957
date of birth	Csaba Kesjár (9 February 1962, Budapest -- 24 June 1988 at Norisring, Nuremberg) was a Hungarian racing driver.	Csaba Kesjár	9 February 1962
date of birth	Zheng Zhi (simplified Chinese: 郑智; traditional Chinese: 鄭智; pinyin: Zhèng Zhì, born 20 August 1980) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Zheng Zhi	20 August 1980
date of birth	Trygve Henrik Hoff (7 July 1938 -- 2 December 1987), born in Rognan, Nordland, was a Norwegian singer, composer, songwriter, and writer.	Trygve Henrik Hoff	7 July 1938
date of birth	Cary Boyce (b. 29 October 1955) is artistic co-director and composer-in-residence of the production company and musical ensemble Aguavá New Music Studio, which specializes in producing projects involving contemporary music.	Cary Boyce	29 October 1955
date of birth	Gerhard Ludwig Müller (born 31 December 1947) is a Catholic Cardinal and prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 2 July 2012.	Gerhard Ludwig Müller	31 December 1947
date of birth	John W. McCarter, Jr. (born 1938) is an American business executive and public educator, notable for his long tenure as president and CEO of the Field Museum in Chicago.	John W. McCarter	1938
date of birth	Antonio Rizzolo (born 22 April 1969) is an Italian football manager and former professional player.	Antonio Rizzolo	22 April 1969
date of birth	Giuseppe Nazzani (born 27 June 1990) is an Italian American football (soccer) player.	Giuseppe Nazzani	27 June 1990
date of birth	M. Vijayakumar (born 5 October 1950) is an Indian politician and advocate.	M. Vijayakumar	5 October 1950
date of birth	Renate von Natzmer (1898 - February 18, 1935) was a German noblewoman who worked for the army during the Weimar Republic and Third Reich.	Renate von Natzmer	1898
date of birth	Krista Anri Susanna Huovinen (born 10 June 1972 in Liminka) is a Finnish politician of the Social Democratic Party and the Minister of Health and Social Services between 2013 and 2015.	Susanna Huovinen	10 June 1972
date of birth	Peter Gruss (born 28 June 1949 in Alsfeld, Hesse) is a German developmental biologist, and the former president of the Max-Planck-Gesellschaft (having been elected for the term from 2002 to 2008 and reelected for the current term 2008-2014).	Peter Gruss	28 June 1949
date of birth	Vera Faddeeva (Russian: Вера Николаевна Фаддеева Vera Nikolaevna Faddeeva; 1906--1983) was a Russian mathematician from a family of mathematicians.	Vera Faddeeva	1906
date of birth	Isaac Newton Ragsdale (1859--1937) came to Atlanta in 1880 from Dallas, Georgia.	Isaac Newton Ragsdale	1859
date of birth	Sodiq Suraj (born 8 January 1988 in Oshogbo) is Nigerian football player who currently plays for Shooting Stars F.C..	Sodiq Suraj	8 January 1988
date of birth	Shamsuddin Amiri (Persian: شمس الدین امیری‎) (born 12 February 1985) is an Afghan football player.	Shamsuddin Amiri	12 February 1985
date of birth	Saul Newman (born 22 March 1972) is a British political theorist and central post-anarchist thinker.	Saul Newman	22 March 1972
date of birth	Jeremy Peat, OBE (born March 1945) is a member of the Competition Commission and the Director of the David Hume Institute.	Jeremy Peat	March 1945
date of birth	Sahr James (born 17 October 1987) is a swimmer from Sierra Leone, and swam the 50 m backstroke and 50m breaststroke at the 2013 World Championships.	Sahr James	17 October 1987
date of birth	George Darko (born 1951 in Akropong) is a Ghanaian highlife musician, who introduced the Burger-highlife with his first hit ``Ako ti brofo'' (Even Parrots speak English), which was very popular in the early 1980s.	George Darko	1951
date of birth	Mazhar Majeed (born 1975) is a British sporting agent and bookmaker who came under police investigation in 2010 following reports of cricket 'match fixing' after a News of the World sting operation.	Mazhar Majeed	1975
date of birth	Neville Weston (born 1936) is a figurative painter, academic and writer.	Neville Weston	1936
date of birth	Parsaram Meghwal (12 December 1954) is an Indian politician and a former Member of Parliament for the constituency of Jalore in Rajasthan.	Parsaram Meghwal	12 December 1954
date of birth	Sir Edwin Airey (1878--1955) was a British industrialist responsible for the Airey prefabricated houses constructed in the UK after the Second World War.	Edwin Airey	1878
date of birth	Arthur Cecil Blunt, better known as Arthur Cecil (1 June 1843 -- 16 April 1896) was an English actor, comedian, playwright and theatre manager.	Arthur Cecil	1 June 1843
date of birth	Marijonas Mikutavičius (born 19 April 1971) is a Lithuanian singer, musician and songwriter, a television journalist, a comedian and a talk show host from Vilnius.	Marijonas Mikutavičius	19 April 1971
date of birth	James William Govett (1910 -- 11 July 1998) was an Australian impressionist who worked mostly in watercolor and oil, focusing on landscapes and portraits.	James William Govett	1910
date of birth	Tony Ballantyne (born 1972) is a British science-fiction author known for his debut trilogy of novels, including Recursion, Capacity and Divergence.	Tony Ballantyne	1972
date of birth	Luc Krotwaar (born 25 January 1968 in Bergen op Zoom, Noord-Brabant) is a Dutch long-distance runner, who is nicknamed 'The White Kenyan'.	Luc Krotwaar	25 January 1968
date of birth	Nikolaos Christogiannopoulos (Greek: Νικόλαος Χριστογιαννόπουλος, 1916 -- 1991) was a Greek fencer.	Nikolaos Christogiannopoulos	1916
date of birth	Michael Ludeke (born 1974) is an author and historian from Tasmania, Australia.	Michael Ludeke	1974
date of birth	Rubén Óscar Valdez Ferrero (born 25 June 1946) is a former Argentine-Spanish footballer striker.	Rubén Óscar Valdez	25 June 1946
date of birth	Robbie the Pict, also known as Brian Robertson (1948-) is a Scottish campaigner and former Scottish Parliamentary candidate for the Highlands and Islands.	Robbie the Pict	1948
date of birth	Amine El Manaoui (Arabic: أمين المناوي‎; born 20 November 1991) is a Moroccan middle-distance runner.	Amine El Manaoui	20 November 1991
date of birth	Alfred Hassler (1910--1991) was an anti-war author and activist, active during World War II and the Vietnam War.	Alfred Hassler	1910
date of birth	John Edward Bromby (23 May 1809 -- 4 March 1889) was an Australian schoolmaster and Anglican cleric.	John Edward Bromby	23 May 1809
date of birth	Fernando Filoni (born 15 April 1946) is a Cardinal of the Catholic Church and current Prefect of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples in the Roman Curia since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 10 May 2011.	Fernando Filoni	15 April 1946
date of birth	Shawn Hawk (born 17 May 1984 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States) is a professional boxer who fights in the light heavyweight division having previously boxed at Cruiserweight.	Shawn Hawk	17 May 1984
date of birth	Martina Jäschke (born 6 May 1960 in Merseburg) is a German diver and Olympic champion.	Martina Jäschke	6 May 1960
date of birth	Enn Kokk (born 19 June 1937 in Juminda, Kuusalu Parish, Harju County, Estonia) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician, journalist and writer.	Enn Kokk	19 June 1937
date of birth	Orny Adams (born Adam Jason Orenstein on 10 November 1970) is an American actor, comedy writer and stand-up comic.	Orny Adams	10 November 1970
date of birth	Gavin Lee (born 15 October 1971) is an English actor who starred as Bert on Broadway in the musical Mary Poppins.	Gavin Lee	15 October 1971
date of birth	Karl Norman (born 30 May 1983) is an Australian rules football player, who formerly played in the Australian Football League.	Karl Norman	30 May 1983
date of birth	Amado Cortez (born Arsenio Ruiz Padilla, 1928--2003) was a Filipino actor and diplomat.	Amado Cortez	1928
date of birth	Gu Siyu (Chinese: 谷思雨; born 11 February 1993) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the discus throw and formerly the shot put.	Gu Siyu	11 February 1993
date of birth	Jacobo Ficher (Russian: Яков (Хакобо) Фишер; 15 January 1896 -- 9 September 1978) was an Argentine composer, violinist, conductor, and music educator of Russian birth.	Jacobo Ficher	15 January 1896
date of birth	Jérémy Grain (born 21 October 1994) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Fréjus Saint-Raphaël, on loan from Chamois Niortais.	Jérémy Grain	21 October 1994
date of birth	Mina Cho (born 1960) is a South Korean poet, critic, lecturer, and teacher.	Mina Cho	1960
date of birth	Mansour Al-Thagafi (Arabic: منصور الثقفي‎) (born 14 January 1979) is a Saudi Arabian footballer.	Mansour Al-Thagafi	14 January 1979
date of birth	Andre Stoop (born 8 October 1960) was a Namibian rugby union and rugby league player.	Andre Stoop	8 October 1960
date of birth	Shashidhar Adapa (born 1 September 1955) is an Indian production designer, set designer and puppet designer, known predominantly for his work in Kannada cinema.	Shashidhar Adapa	1 September 1955
date of birth	Erol Bekir, formerly known as Erol Bekirovski, (born 25 January 1974) is a Swedish-Macedonian football manager and former player of Turkish origin.	Erol Bekir	25 January 1974
date of birth	Geoff Blethyn (born 28 October 1950) is a former leading Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL), Claremont in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL) and Port Adelaide in the South Australian Football League (SANFL).	Geoff Blethyn	28 October 1950
date of birth	Stanley Baxter (born 24 May 1926) is an award-winning Scottish actor and impressionist, known for his highly popular British television comedy shows The Stanley Baxter show, Baxter On..., Time For Baxter, The Stanley Baxter Picture Show,The Stanley Baxter Series, Mr Majeika.	Stanley Baxter	24 May 1926
date of birth	Akenhaton Carlos Edwards CM (born 24 October 1978), known as Carlos Edwards, is a Trinidadian professional footballer who plays for Millwall as a right-back.	Carlos Edwards	24 October 1978
date of birth	Lynval Golding (born 24 July 1951, in Saint Catherine, Jamaica) is a Jamaican born British musician.	Lynval Golding	24 July 1951
date of birth	Amin Bhatia (born 10 July 1961 London, England) is a recording artist, film, and television music score composer and producer.	Amin Bhatia	10 July 1961
date of birth	Fatou Keïta (born in 1965) is an Ivorian writer of children's books and novels.	Fatou Keïta	1965
date of birth	Meng Zhaojun (born Peixan County, Jiangsu Province, 1941) is a Chinese calligrapher noted for his restoration of the Han Dynasty calligraphic tablet Wind Song of Emperor Liu Bang.	Meng Zhaojun	1941
date of birth	William Viali (born 16 November 1974) is an Italian football manager and a former player.	William Viali	16 November 1974
date of birth	Helen Fessas-Emmanouil (1943, Volos) is a Greek architect specializing in theatre architecture.	Helen Fessas-Emmanouil	1943
date of birth	Peter Kendrew (born 25 April 1940) is an English former competition swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the Olympics and European championships, and swam for England in the Commonwealth Games.	Peter Kendrew	25 April 1940
date of birth	Major-General Sir Henry Frederick Cooke ('Kangkook') CB, KCH (1784 - 1837), was a British soldier.	Henry Frederick Cooke	1784
date of birth	Adrian Bevington (born c. 1971) was Club England Managing Director at the Football Association (the FA), a position he has held from 2010 to 2015.	Adrian Bevington	1971
date of birth	J. Richard Peet (born 16 April 1940 in Southport, England) is a professor of human geography at the Graduate School of Geography at Clark University in Worcester MA, USA.	Richard Peet	16 April 1940
date of birth	Paul Lasenby (born 1975, Buckinghamshire), is an English former professional mountain biker.	Paul Lasenby	1975
date of birth	Liz Mathis (born Elizabeth Ann Rumann, 1958) is an American state legislator and nonprofit executive from Iowa, as well as a former news anchor, television producer, and college professor.	Liz Mathis	1958
date of birth	Ria Lina (born 11 June 1980) is a British comedian, actress and writer, winner of the EMMA award in 2003 and known for her television appearances in The World Stands Up, Mega Mela Malai Comedy and Sweet n Sour on BBC3.	Ria Lina	11 June 1980
date of birth	Sean Longden (born 1965 in Clapham, Bedfordshire, England) is an author and historian who specialises in British social history during World War II, his work extensively uses oral history interviews and first person accounts.	Sean Longden	1965
date of birth	Edmund Załęski (18 August 1863 in Lviv (Lemberg), Austria-Hungary -- December 1932 in Kraków) was a Polish chemist, agrotechnician, and plant breeder.	Edmund Załęski	18 August 1863
date of birth	Charles Albert Crampton, M.D. (1858--1915) was an American chemist, born at Davenport, Iowa.	Charles Albert Crampton	1858
date of birth	Michael Neumann (born 1946) is a professor of philosophy at Trent University in Ontario, Canada.	Michael Neumann	1946
date of birth	Akiva Nof (Hebrew: עקיבא נוף‎, born 2 December 1936) is a former Israeli politician and song-writer, who served as a member of the Knesset for five parties between 1974 and 1984.	Akiva Nof	2 December 1936
date of birth	Marilyn Bailey Ogilvie (born 22 March 1936) is an American historian of science known especially for her work on the history of women in science.	Marilyn Bailey Ogilvie	22 March 1936
date of birth	Stephen Reay (29 March 1782 -- 20 January 1861) was a Scottish academic and clergyman, who was Laudian Professor of Arabic from 1840 until his death.	Stephen Reay	29 March 1782
date of birth	Admir Adrović (Cyrillic: Адмир Адровић, born 8 May 1988) is a Montenegrin football Forward who plays for HK Pegasus.	Admir Adrović	8 May 1988
date of birth	Neville Beard (born 19 November 1936) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Perth in the West Australian National Football League (WANFL) from 1956 to 1963.	Neville Beard	19 November 1936
date of birth	Paul Blackwell (born 29 January 1954) is a well-known Australian stage actor and occasional film actor.	Paul Blackwell	1954
date of birth	Gary Bradshaw (born 30 December 1982) is an English footballer who plays for Hull United as a striker.	Gary Bradshaw	30 December 1982
date of birth	Émilien Morissette (born 16 March 1927 at Mont-Joli, Quebec, fl. 1962) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Émilien Morissette	16 March 1927
date of birth	Martin Gay Black (19 November 1786 -- 26 October 1861) was the son of William Black, who was the founder of the Methodist congregation in Nova Scotia.	Martin Gay Black	19 November 1786
date of birth	Pavel Prokopenko (Russian: Павел Прокопенко; born 24 September 1987 in Moscow) is a Russian pole vaulter.	Pavel Prokopenko	24 September 1987
date of birth	T. H. P. Chentharasseri (Thiruvan Heera Prassad Chentharassi, born 29 July 1928 ) is one of the leading historians in Kerala.	T. H. P. Chentharasseri	29 July 1928
date of birth	Roma Pryma-Bohachevsky (Ukrainian: Рома Прийма-Богачевська, translit. Roma Pryima-Bohachevs'ka) (1927 -- May 23, 2004) was a dancer and choreographer, who instructed thousands of students in the art of ballet and Ukrainian dance.	Roma Pryma-Bohachevsky	1927
date of birth	José Ignacio de Cavero y Cárdenas (29 June 1757 -- 17 August 1834) was a Mexican-Colombian lawyer and politician.	José Ignacio de Cavero y Cárdenas	29 June 1757
date of birth	Timur Timerzyanov (born 31 January 1987) is a Russian rallycross driver.	Timur Timerzyanov	31 January 1987
date of birth	Béla Székely (17 July 1889 -- 10 January 1939) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Finance in 1919 (until 24 June with Gyula Lengyel).	Béla Székely	17 July 1889
date of birth	Alexandru Daniel Cristescu (born 24 May 1987) is a Romanian footballer who played in Liga II for Bucovina Pojorâta.	Daniel Cristescu	24 May 1987
date of birth	Ravindra Singh Bisht was born on 2 January 1944, to Lt. L. S. Bisht, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Ravindra Singh Bisht	2 January 1944
date of birth	Colonel Thomas Westbrook (1675--1743/44) was a senior New England militia officer in Maine during Father Rale's War.	Thomas Westbrook	1675
date of birth	Robert Coleman-Senghor (1940 -- April 9, 2011) was an American professor of English at Sonoma State University who served as mayor of Cotati, California for one year.	Robert Coleman-Senghor	1940
date of birth	Álvaro Pires de Évora, or Alvaro di Piero (before 1411 -- after 1434), was a Portuguese painter.	Álvaro Pires de Évora	1411
date of birth	Rodrigo Rodriguez (born 29 August 1978) is a Spanish shakuhachi player, musical producer, and composer.	Rodrigo Rodriguez	29 August 1978
date of birth	Roshan Perera (born 2 April 1976) is a Sri Lankan entrepreneur, business magnate, investor and philanthropist.	Roshan Perera	2 April 1976
date of birth	Leonora Linter (born 11 September 1950) is an Estonian political activist and entrepreneur mainly associated with Estdirect Office OÜ, a mail order service established in 2005.	Leonora Linter	11 September 1950
date of birth	Bronwyn Hill CBE (born 1960) is a former British civil servant, who served as the Permanent Secretary of the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.	Bronwyn Hill	1960
date of birth	Stefanie Rabatsch (née Isak; born 28 December 1887) was an Austrian woman of the upper-middle class known for being the unrequited love subject of Adolf Hitler, the future leader of the Nazi Party and dictator of Nazi Germany, when he was a teenager.	Stefanie Rabatsch	28 December 1887
date of birth	Samuel Merrill III (born 1939) is a mathematician and political scientist best known for his work on alternative voting systems, voter behavior, party competition, and arbitration.	Samuel Merrill III	1939
date of birth	Ezekiel Gillespie (1818 - March 31, 1892) was an African-American civil rights and community leader who won a landmark case securing voting rights in Wisconsin.	Ezekiel Gillespie	1818
date of birth	Cliff Bowman (born 1950) is the Professor of Strategic Management at the Cranfield School of Management at Cranfield University.	Cliff Bowman	1950
date of birth	Anna Harkowska (Polish pronunciation: (ˈanːa xarˈkɔfska); born 20 March 1980 in Świnoujście) is a Polish cyclist.	Anna Harkowska	20 March 1980
date of birth	David John Dodds (born in 1930 in Sunderland, County Durham, in North East England) is a retired marathoner and jockey.	David John Dodds	1930
date of birth	Babra Sharif (born 10 December 1954) is a Pakistani film actress, most known for her roles in 1980s and mid-1970s.	Babra Sharif	10 December 1954
date of birth	Robert Bernardo was born in the Philippines to Rodolfo and Bituin Bernardo in 1968.	Robert Bernardo	1968
date of birth	Rebecca Night (born Rebecca Hardwick; 13 July 1985) is an English actress who starred in the title role of James Hawes's BBC Four adaptation Fanny Hill.	Rebecca Night	13 July 1985
date of birth	Vittorio Zucconi (Italian pronunciation: (vitˈtɔːrjo dzukˈkoːni), born 16 August 1944) is an Italian journalist and author.	Vittorio Zucconi	16 August 1944
date of birth	Roko Strika (born 12 February 1994) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a winger for NK Zagreb.	Roko Strika	12 February 1994
date of birth	Surinder Gill (born 20 January 1968) is an English former professional snooker player who competed on the main tour in the 1990s and early 2000s.	Surinder Gill	20 January 1968
date of birth	Bill Renick (born 1954) is a former mayor of Ashland, Mississippi, and campaigned for Governor of Mississippi as a Democrat before withdrawing on April 23, 2007.	Bill Renick	1954
date of birth	Frank Borzellieri (born 1962) is an American author, teacher, political columnist, former elected member of a New York City school board and a former school principal.	Frank Borzellieri	1962
date of birth	Ram Upendra Das (born 18 November 1967) is an Economist, author and Professor at Research and Information System for Developing Countries (RIS) which is a think tank in New Delhi.	Ram Upendra Das	18 November 1967
date of birth	Ron Mailer (born 18 May 1932) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Dunfermline Athletic and Darlington.	Ron Mailer	18 May 1932
date of birth	Axel Leonard Melander (3 June 1878 Chicago -- 8 Aug 1962) was an American entomologist specialising in Diptera and Hymenoptera.	Axel Leonard Melander	3 June 1878
date of birth	Valtteri Bottas (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈʋɑltːeɾi ˈbotːɑs); born 28 August 1989) is a Finnish racing driver currently competing in Formula One with Williams Martini Racing.	Valtteri Bottas	28 August 1989
date of birth	Joe Bageant (1946--2011) was an American author and columnist known for his 2007 book Deer Hunting With Jesus.	Joe Bageant	1946
date of birth	Jon Briggs (born 24 January 1965) is an English TV and radio presenter.	Jon Briggs	24 January 1965
date of birth	Victor Edelstein (born 10 July 1946) is a former couturier best known for his fashion designs for Diana, Princess of Wales, in the 1980s.	Victor Edelstein	10 July 1946
date of birth	Virendra Jagtap ( Devanagari:वीरेंद्र जगताप ) (Born 11 August 1963) is a current member of 13th Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha, representing the Dhamangaon Railway Constituency.	Virendra Jagtap	11 August 1963
date of birth	Adrian Rymel (born 30 October 1975 in Štramberk, Czechoslovakia) - a Czech speedway rider.	Adrian Rymel	30 October 1975
date of birth	Adrian Gray (born 28 February 1981) in Hastings, Sussex is an English darts player.	Adrian Gray	28 February 1981
date of birth	Steve Mantis (born 1950) is a Canadian advocate for injured workers and people with disabilities.	Steve Mantis	1950
date of birth	Faed Arsène (born 21 June 1985) is a Malagasy international footballer who last played in Belgium for Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz, as a striker.	Faed Arsène	21 June 1985
date of birth	Issi Rozen was born in Haifa, Israel on April 20, 1967 and moved to Tel-Aviv during his childhood.	Issi Rozen	1967
date of birth	Menghesteab Tesfamariam (born 24 December 1948 in Berakit) is, as metropolitan archbishop of the Archeparchy of Asmara, the head of the Eritrean Catholic Church.	Menghesteab Tesfamariam	24 December 1948
date of birth	Alan Mangels (born 29 July 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alan Mangels	29 July 1956
date of birth	William Curley (born 29 October 1971) is a Scottish luxury patissier and chocolatier based in London.	William Curley	29 October 1971
date of birth	Paul A. Merriman (born 18 October 1943) is a financial educator and advisor on mutual funds, index investing, asset allocation and both buy-and-hold and active management strategies.	Paul A. Merriman	18 October 1943
date of birth	Justine Clarke (born November 1971) is an Australian actress, singer and television host.	Justine Clarke	November 1971
date of birth	Jeffrey van Hooydonk (born 1 October 1977) is a Belgian racing car driver.	Jeffrey van Hooydonk	1 October 1977
date of birth	Arsen Julfalakyan (Armenian: Արսեն Ջուլֆալակյան, born 8 May 1987) is an Armenian Greco-Roman wrestler.	Arsen Julfalakyan	8 May 1987
date of birth	Luis Valsoto (b. 1939) is a Mexican artist strongly associated with the state of Jalisco, which has honored his work multiple times.	Luis Valsoto	1939
date of birth	Rick Parry (born 23 February 1955) is the former chief executive of Liverpool Football Club, and the former head of the FA Premier League.	Rick Parry	23 February 1955
date of birth	Zeinab Badawi (Arabic: زينب بدوي‎; born 24 November 1959) is a Sudanese-British television and radio journalist.	Zeinab Badawi	24 November 1959
date of birth	Johanna Clara Louise Lehzen (3 October 1784 -- 9 September 1870), better known as Baroness Louise Lehzen, was the governess, and later adviser and companion to Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.	Louise Lehzen	3 October 1784
date of birth	Deezer D (born 1965), whose real name is Dearon Thompson, is an American actor, rapper and motivational speaker.	Deezer D	1965
date of birth	Federica Testa (born 27 August 1993) is an Italian-born Slovak ice dancer.	Federica Testa	27 August 1993
date of birth	Joanne Cuddihy (born 11 May 1984) is an Irish sprint athlete, competing for the Kilkenny City Harriers.	Joanne Cuddihy	11 May 1984
date of birth	Huang Chuncai (Chinese: 黃春才) (b. 29 December 1977) is a Chinese man who became notable for being ``China's Elephant man''.	Huang Chuncai	29 December 1977
date of birth	Niklas Swanström, born 1970, is a Swedish scholar.	Niklas Swanström	1970
date of birth	Siobhan Brooks (born 1972) is an African-American lesbian feminist sociologist known for her work with African-American women in the sex worker industry and feminist issues affecting these women.	Siobhan Brooks	1972
date of birth	Maria McBane (born 8 February 1946 in Avignon, France) is a French American model and actress who was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its May 1965 issue.	Maria McBane	8 February 1946
date of birth	Lars Broström (26 July 1931 -- 4 August 2013) was a Swedish footballer.	Lars Broström	26 July 1931
date of birth	Lay Phyu (Burmese: လေးဖြူ, pronounced: (lé bjù); born 19 May 1965) is a Burmese rock vocalist/guitarist.	Lay Phyu	19 May 1965
date of birth	Marek Brodzki (born 25 December 1960) is a Polish film director and television director.	Marek Brodzki	25 December 1960
date of death	Dov Ber Abramowitz (1860 -- 1926) was an American Orthodox Rabbi and author.	Dov Ber Abramowitz	1926
date of death	Kenneth E. Killoren (1919-1988) was a former Jesuit priest who lived in Korea and the first president of Sogang University.	Kenneth E. Killoren	1988
date of death	Harry Southall (24 January 1885 - 22 January 1952) was an English cricketer who played a single first-class match, for Worcestershire against Lancashire in 1907.	Harry Southall	22 January 1952
date of death	Walter mac Thomas de Burca, aka Walter Bourke, 3rd Mac William Iochtar and lord of Lower (North) Connacht, died 1440.	Walter mac Thomas de Burca	1440
date of death	Seán Tubridy (Irish: Seán Ó Tiobraide; 1897 -- 15 July 1939) was an Irish politician and medical practitioner.	Seán Tubridy	15 July 1939
date of death	Frank Large (26 January 1940 -- 8 August 2003) was an English footballer who played for many different clubs between 1958 and 1974 (he had three different spells at Northampton Town).	Frank Large	8 August 2003
date of death	Per Nyström (21 November 1903 -- 3 October 1993), Swedish historian, publicist, Social Democrat and governor of Gothenburg and Bohus County 1950-1971.	Per Nyström	3 October 1993
date of death	Teodor Ilić Češljar (Serbian Cyrillic: Теодор Илић Чешљар) was born in 1746 in Čurug, Serbia and died on November 20, 1793 at age 47 in Bačko Petrovo Selo (now Serbia).	Teodor Ilić Češljar	1793
date of death	Gaston Delaplane (6 March 1882 -- 12 December 1977) was a French rower and cyclist.	Gaston Delaplane	12 December 1977
date of death	Auguste Faguet (1841--1886) was a noted 19th-century French botanical illustrator, well known for his contributions to major botanical works.	Auguste Faguet	1886
developer	Pathways into Darkness is a first-person adventure video game developed and published by Bungie Software Products Corporation in 1993, exclusively for Apple Macintosh personal computers.	Pathways into Darkness	Bungie
developer	City Bomber is a vehicular combat arcade game developed and distributed by Konami and first released in 1987.	City Bomber	Konami
developer	Might and Magic Mobile II is a role-playing video game developed and released by Gameloft for Mobile phones (Java ME platform).	Might and Magic Mobile II	Gameloft
developer	Bookworm Adventures is a follow-up to the word-forming computer puzzle game Bookworm from PopCap Games.	Bookworm Adventures	PopCap Games
developer	Zend Technologies, co-founded by PHP core contributors Andi Gutmans and Zeev Suraski, is the corporate sponsor of Zend Framework.	Zend Framework	Zend Technologies
developer	Second Life is an online virtual world, developed by Linden Lab, based in San Francisco, and launched on June 23, 2003.	Second Life	Linden Lab
developer	The Amazing Spider-Man vs. The Kingpin (also known as Spider-Man Vs. the Kingpin or simply Spider-Man) is a video game produced by Sega of America and developed by Technopop.	The Amazing Spider-Man vs. The Kingpin	Technopop
developer	Skeet Shoot is a skeet shooting video game for the Atari 2600 and the first game released by Games by Apollo.	Skeet Shoot	Games by Apollo
developer	Music and sound effects on the original arcade version of ``Tapper'' were created by the game's sound designer, Rick Hicaro, an electronic game developer at Marvin Glass & Associates (MG&A) who also happened to be a musician.	Tapper	Marvin Glass & Associates
developer	Bandai released Hyper Lode Runner for Game Boy in February 1990.	Hyper Lode Runner	Bandai
director	The Venus of Montmartre (German:Die Venus vom Montmartre or Die Venus von Montmartre) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara, Hans Albers, Jack Trevor and Olga Tschechowa.	The Venus of Montmartre	Frederic Zelnik
director	Malarvaadi Arts Club is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Vineeth Sreenivasan in his directorial debut, and produced by Dileep.	Malarvaadi Arts Club	Vineeth Sreenivasan
director	Mysterious Shadows (German: Geheimnisvolle Tiefe) is a 1949 Austrian drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.	Mysterious Shadows	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
director	Garter Colt (Italian: ''Giarrettiera Colt'') is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western directed by Gian Andrea Rocco.	Garter Colt	Gian Andrea Rocco
director	Rowthiram (English: Fury, from Sanskrit Raudra, etymologically from Rudra) is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by newcomer Gokul.	Rowthiram	Gokul
director	Smile Before Death (Italian: Il sorriso della iena) is a 1972 Italian giallo film written and directed by Silvio Amadio.	Smile Before Death	Silvio Amadio
director	Gandhi, My Father is a 2007 Indian biographical drama film by Feroz Abbas Khan (not to be confused with actor Feroz Khan).	Gandhi, My Father	Feroz Abbas Khan
director	Bhoopathi Ranga (Kannada: ಭೂಪತಿ ರಂಗ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada language drama film written and directed by Geethapriya.	Bhoopathi Ranga	Geethapriya
director	Teecha Baap Tyacha Baap (Marathi: तिचा बाप त्याचा बाप) is a Marathi film directed by Atul Kale, and starring Abhishek Sethiya, Mrinmayee Godbole in the lead roles.	Teecha Baap Tyacha Baap	Atul Kale
director	Los Pagares de Mendieta is a b&w 1939 Argentine comedy film directed by Leopoldo Torres Ríos.	Los Pagares de Mendieta	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
director	The Unbearable Lightness of Inspector Fan (Chinese: 暴走神探), also known as Shanghai Noir, is a 2015 comedy action romance suspense film directed by Clara Law.	The Unbearable Lightness of Inspector Fan	Clara Law
director	Armi elää! is a 2015 Finnish drama film directed by Jörn Donner.	Armi elää!	Jörn Donner
director	Dream Lovers is a 1986 Hong Kong romantic fantasy film directed by Tony Au.	Dream Lovers	Tony Au
director	The Bright Day (Persian: روز روشن‎‎) is a 2013 social drama Iranian film, directed by Hossein Shahabi (Persian: حسین شهابی) It is his debut feature film which was very well received by Iranian film critics and audiences of the 31st Fajr Film Festival of Tehran in February 2013.	The Bright Day	Hossein Shahabi
director	Tarnished is a 1950 American action film directed by Harry Keller and written by John K. Butler.	Tarnished	Harry Keller
director	The Great Waldo Pepper is a 1975 drama film directed, produced, and co-written by George Roy Hill.	The Great Waldo Pepper	George Roy Hill
director	Sunday Calm is a 1923 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	Sunday Calm	Robert F. McGowan
director	Edge of Fury is a 1958 American drama film directed by Robert J. Gurney Jr. and Irving Lerner and written by Robert J. Gurney Jr..	Edge of Fury	Irving Lerner
director	The Great Dome Robbery is a 2002 crime drama film directed by Gabriel Range, based on the actual Millennium Dome raid of 2000.	The Great Dome Robbery	Gabriel Range
director	Un uomo ritorna (also known as Revenge) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Max Neufeld.	Un uomo ritorna	Max Neufeld
director	Unidentified Flying Oddball (also known as The Spaceman and King Arthur and A Spaceman in King Arthur's Court) is a 1979 film adaptation of Mark Twain's A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, directed by Russ Mayberry and produced by Walt Disney Productions.	Unidentified Flying Oddball	Russ Mayberry
director	Who Killed Santa Claus? (L'Assassinat du père Noël) is a 1941 French drama film by Christian-Jaque.	Who Killed Santa Claus?	Christian-Jaque
director	Dil Deke Dekho, a 1959 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film, was Nasir Hussain's second film as director.	Dil Deke Dekho	Nasir Hussain
director	Surf Crazy was the second surf movie by Bruce Brown.	Surf Crazy	Bruce Brown
director	Kandireega (English: Wasp) is a Telugu romantic-action-comedy film directed by Santosh Srinivas and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions and released on 12 August 2011.	Kandireega	Santosh Srinivas
director	Amor salvaje (Wild Love) is a Mexican drama film directed by Juan Orol.	Amor salvaje	Juan Orol
director	Boy and Bicycle is the first film made by Ridley Scott.	Boy and Bicycle	Ridley Scott
director	Goodbye, 20th Century! (Macedonian: Збогум на дваесеттиот век!; Zbogum na dvaesettiot vek!) is a 1998 Macedonian film directed by Darko Mitrevski and Aleksandar Popovski.	Goodbye, 20th Century!	Darko Mitrevski	Aleksandar Popovski
director	Just Another Missing Kid is a 1981 documentary film about the search for a missing teenager and directed by John Zaritsky.	Just Another Missing Kid	John Zaritsky
director	Early Abstractions is a collection of seven short animated films created by Harry Everett Smith between 1939 and 1956.	Early Abstractions	Harry Everett Smith
director	The Road Movie trilogy is a series of three road movies directed by German film director Wim Wenders in the mid-1970s.	Road Movie trilogy	Wim Wenders
director	Chaduvukunna Ammayilu (Telugu: చదువుకున్న అమ్మాయిలు) is a 1963 Telugu film produced by Dukkipati Madhusudhana Rao from Annapurna Pictures and directed by Adurthi Subba Rao.	Chaduvukunna Ammayilu	Adurthi Subba Rao
director	Stations of the Elevated is a 1981 documentary film by Manfred Kirchheimer about graffiti in New York City.	Stations of the Elevated	Manfred Kirchheimer
director	Mereka Bilang, Saya Monyet! (released internationally as They Say I'm a Monkey!) is a 2008 Indonesian film directed by Djenar Maesa Ayu.	Mereka Bilang, Saya Monyet!	Djenar Maesa Ayu
director	Vilapangalkkappuram (Malayalam: വിലാപങ്ങള്‍ക്കപ്പുറം; English: Beyond the Wail) is a Malayalam film scripted and directed by T. V. Chandran in 2008.	Vilapangalkkappuram	T. V. Chandran
director	Lone Star Ranger is a 1942 American Western film directed by James Tinling and written by William Conselman Jr., Irving Cummings Jr. and George Kane.	Lone Star Ranger	James Tinling
director	Rod Rocket was originally produced by True Line, a small Los Angeles animation studio that subcontracted the newly formed Filmation Associates created by Lou Scheimer and Hal Sutherland in the early 1960s.	Rod Rocket	Lou Scheimer	Hal Sutherland
director	Locker 13 is a 2009 thriller film directed by Bruce Dellis, George Huang, Jason Marsden, Matthew Mebane, Adam Montierth, Donovan Montierth, and Rick Schroder.	Locker 13	Bruce Dellis	George Huang
director	Hercules Against the Barbarians (Italian: Maciste nell'inferno di Gengis Khan) is a 1964 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella.	Hercules Against the Barbarians	Domenico Paolella
director	Velundu Vinaiyillai (Tamil: வேலுண்டு வினையில்லை) is a 1987 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Shankar and produced by S. Valliammai.	Velundu Vinaiyillai	K. Shankar
director	The Home of Dark Butterflies (Finnish: Tummien perhosten koti) is a 2008 Finnish film directed by Dome Karukoski and starring Niilo Syväoja, Tommi Korpela, Kristiina Halttu and Kati Outinen.	The Home of Dark Butterflies	Dome Karukoski
director	O Mimi San is a 1914 American short silent drama film directed by Charles Miller, featuring Tsuru Aoki in the title role and Sessue Hayakawa, Kisaburo Kurihara, Chick Morrison and George Osborne in pivotal roles.	O Mimi San	Charles Miller
director	Tarkeeb is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ravikant Nagaich.	Tarkeeb	Ravikant Nagaich
director	Swimfan, also known as Fanatica, is a 2002 American teen psychological thriller film directed by John Polson and written by Charles Bohl and Phillip Schneider.	Swimfan	John Polson
director	Is Raat Ki Subah Nahin (English: No End to This Night) is a 1996 Indian Hindi thriller film directed by Sudhir Mishra.	Is Raat Ki Subah Nahin	Sudhir Mishra
director	Anthony Kaun Hai? (Who is Anthony?) is a Bollywood mystery film directed by Raj Kaushal and produced by Nikhil Panchamiya.	Anthony Kaun Hai?	Raj Kaushal
director	Unmarried Daughters (German:Ledige Töchter) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Carl Boese and starring Jenny Jugo, Charlotte Ander and Ida Wüst.	Unmarried Daughters	Carl Boese
director	The Soul's Cycle is a six-reels, 1916, drama-genre film, directed by Ulysses Davis.	The Soul's Cycle	Ulysses Davis
director	American Perfekt is a 1997 road movie/thriller/drama film written and directed by Paul Chart, produced by Irvin Kershner.	American Perfekt	Paul Chart
director	Mansome is a 2012 documentary film directed by Morgan Spurlock, and executive produced by actors/comedians Will Arnett and Jason Bateman, and Electus founder Ben Silverman.	Mansome	Morgan Spurlock
director	Spur in die Nacht is an East German film, directed by Günter Reisch.	Spur in die Nacht	Günter Reisch
director	For Freedom is a 1940 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and Castleton Knight.	For Freedom	Maurice Elvey
director	Season of Monsters (Hungarian: Szörnyek évadja) is a 1987 Hungarian drama film written by Gyula Hernádi and directed by Miklós Jancsó.	Season of Monsters	Miklós Jancsó
director	Caprichosa y millonaria (English: Capricious and millionaire) is a 1940 Argentine musical film, directed and written by Enrique Santos Discépolo.	Caprichosa y millonaria	Enrique Santos Discépolo
director	I Don't Understand You Anymore (Italian: Non ti conosco più amore) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.	I Don't Understand You Anymore	Sergio Corbucci
director	The Red Meadows (Danish: De røde enge) is a 1945 Danish war drama directed by Bodil Ipsen and Lau Lauritzen Jr. based on resistance fighter Ole Valdemar Juul's 1945 novel of the same name.	The Red Meadows	Bodil Ipsen	Lau Lauritzen
director	The Last Eve is a 2005 action film directed by Young Man Kang, a Korean-born filmmaker who made his U.S. directing debut Cupid's Mistake (2001).	The Last Eve	Young Man Kang
director	The First Circus is an 1921 American short silent animated film, produced and directed by Tony Sarg and Herbert M. Dawley, featuring a pair of prehistoric circus performers balancing upon a brontosaurus.	The First Circus	Tony Sarg
director	My Pal Wolf is a 1944 American drama film directed by Alfred L. Werker from a screenplay by Lillie Hayward, Leonard Praskins, and John Paxton, based on the story by Frederick Hazlitt Brennan.	My Pal Wolf	Alfred L. Werker
director	Ibbara Naduve Muddina Aata (Kannada: ಇಬ್ಬರ ನಡುವೆ ಮುದ್ದಿನ ಆಟ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada comedy drama film directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao and produced by T. M. Venkataswamy.	Ibbara Naduve Muddina Aata	Relangi Narasimha Rao
director	Hoomale (Kannada: ಹೂಮಳೆ, English: The Shower of Flowers) is a 1998 Indian Kannada language feature film directed by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar and written by Ramesh Aravind.	Hoomale	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar
director	Jubilo, Jr. is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	Jubilo, Jr.	Robert F. McGowan
director	The Delhi Way is a 1964 documentary about Delhi produced, written, photographed and directed by James Ivory.	The Delhi Way	James Ivory
director	The Horror of It All is a 1963 horror comedy film directed by Terence Fisher.	The Horror of It All	Terence Fisher
director	Sankeertana is a 1987 Telugu-language classical film produced by M. Gangaiah on Konark Movie Creations banner, directed by Geetha Krishna.	Sankeertana	Geetha Krishna
director	Going Wild is a 1930 Warner Brothers Pre-Code comedy film, based on the 1910 play The Aviator by James Montgomery, and directed by William A. Seiter.	Going Wild	William A. Seiter
director	Kristin's Christmas Past (previously entitled Last Chance Holiday) is an American comedy film directed by Jim Fall and written by Rachel Stuhler.	Kristin's Christmas Past	Jim Fall
director	Aaj Ki Awaaz (Hindi: आज की आवाज़, Urdu: آج کی آواز‎; English: Voice of the day) is a 1984 Bollywood film produced by B. R. Chopra and directed by Ravi Chopra.	Aaj Ki Awaaz	Ravi Chopra
director	In the Bathtub of the World is a video diary directed by Caveh Zahedi.	In the Bathtub of the World	Caveh Zahedi
director	Nate and the Colonel is a 2003 western film that was written, directed and edited by filmmaker Paul Winters.	Nate and the Colonel	Paul Winters
director	Inspector Vargas (Italian:L'ispettore Vargas, Spanish:El inspector Vargas) is a 1940 Italian-Spanish comedy film directed by Gianni Franciolini and Félix Aguilera and starring Giulio Donadio, Olga Solbelli and Mariella Lotti .	Inspector Vargas	Gianni Franciolini
director	This Rebel Breed is a 1960 American melodrama film directed by Richard L. Bare and William Rowland starring Rita Moreno, Gerald Mohr, Eugenio Martin, Dyan Cannon, and Richard Rust.	This Rebel Breed	Richard L. Bare	William Rowland
director	It Can Be Done Amigo (Italian: Si può fare... amigo) is a 1972 Spanish / Italian / French film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.	It Can Be Done Amigo	Maurizio Lucidi
director	Venussian Tabutasco Is a 2004 experimental film produced, written and directed by Daryush Shokof.	Venussian Tabutasco	Daryush Shokof
director	La Voltige (also known as Horse Trick Riders) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière.	La Voltige	Louis Lumière
director	Gudgudee (Hindi: गुदगुदी, Urdu: گُدگُدی‎, English:Tickle) is an Indian film directed by Basu Chatterjee and was released in 1997.	Gudgudee	Basu Chatterjee
director	Los fanfarrones is a 1960 Mexican western comedy film directed by Rogelio A. González, and starring Miguel Aceves Mejía, Flor Silvestre, Julio Aldama, Mauricio Garcés, Irma Dorantes, Verónica Loyo, and Joaquín García Vargas.	Los fanfarrones	Rogelio A. González
director	Friend Request Pending is a 2011 short comedy drama film written and produced by Chris Croucher and directed by Chris Foggin.	Friend Request Pending	Chris Foggin
director	The Arch (Chinese: 董夫人; pinyin: Dǒng fūrén) is a 1968 Hong Kong drama film directed by Tang Shu Shuen.	The Arch	Tang Shu Shuen
director	Love the Coopers (titled Christmas with the Coopers in the UK and Ireland) is a 2015 American Christmas comedy film directed by Jessie Nelson, and written by Steven Rogers.	Love the Coopers	Jessie Nelson
director	The Nostradamus Kid is a 1992 Australian feature film written and directed by Bob Ellis.	The Nostradamus Kid	Bob Ellis
director	The Night Hunter is a 1996 horror film directed by Rick Jacobson featuring a struggle between vampires and humans.	Night Hunter	Rick Jacobson
director	Dukhai (Bengali: দুখাই) is a Bangladeshi film written and directed by Morshedul Islam.	Dukhai	Morshedul Islam
director	Remember Me, My Love (Ricordati di me) is a 2003 Italian movie directed by Gabriele Muccino.	Remember Me, My Love	Gabriele Muccino
director	Paradise in Service (Chinese: Jun Zhong Le Yuan) is 2014 Taiwanese drama film directed by Doze Niu.	Paradise in Service	Doze Niu
director	Sath Samudura (Sinhalese language, ``Seven Seas'') is a landmark Sri Lankan film directed by professor Siri Gunasinghe and released in 1967.	Sath Samudura	Siri Gunasinghe
director	A Little Help is a 2010 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Michael J. Weithorn.	A Little Help	Michael J. Weithorn
director	Dark Heaven (Thai: สวรรค์มืด or Sawan mued) is a 1958 musical-comedy-romance-drama film directed by Rattana Pestonji and written by Suwat Woradilok.	Dark Heaven	Rattana Pestonji
director	Mean Girls 2 is a 2011 American teen comedy television film directed by Melanie Mayron.	Mean Girls 2	Melanie Mayron
director	Girl in Gold Boots is a 1968 crime/drama film about the seedy underworld of Go-Go dancing, directed by Ted V. Mikels, who also directed The Astro-Zombies.	Girl in Gold Boots	Ted V. Mikels
director	Excellensen (English: Excellency) is a 1944 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Excellensen	Hasse Ekman
director	6:3 Play It Again Tutti (Hungarian: 6:3 avagy, Játszd újra Tutti) is a 1999 Hungarian comedy film directed by Péter Tímár set against Hungary's historic 1953 football victory against England.	6:3 Play It Again Tutti	Péter Tímár
director	Liquid Sky was produced and directed by Slava Tsukerman, who, prior to making Liquid Sky, had a successful career as a documentary and TV film maker in the USSR and Israel.	Liquid Sky	Slava Tsukerman
director	Golconda High School (Telugu: గోల్కొండ హై స్కూల్) is a 2011 Indian Telugu sports drama written and directed by Mohan Krishna Indraganti under the Artbeat Capital banner, which earlier produced the hit film Ashta Chamma (film).	Golconda High School	Mohan Krishna Indraganti
director	The Straight Way was a 1916 American silent drama film written and directed by Will S. Davis.	The Straight Way	Will S. Davis
director	Perfect Dark director Martin Hollis explained that he and designer David Doak ``picked a range of locations we thought would be impressive and architectural, on the model of GoldenEye but sci-fi dystopias (...)	Perfect Dark	Martin Hollis
director	Such Is the Law is a 1930 British film directed by Sinclair Hill.	Such Is the Law	Sinclair Hill
director	Le Chaos (also known as English: This Is Chaos, Arabic: هي فوضى‎ Heya Fawda) is the final film from the Egyptian director Youssef Chahine.	Le Chaos	Youssef Chahine
director	The Idol of the North is a lost 1921 American silent drama film directed by Roy William Neill and written by Frank S. Beresford, Tom McNamara and J. Clarkson Miller.	The Idol of the North	Roy William Neill
director	Vanishing Waves (originally titled Aurora) is a 2012 film directed by Kristina Buožytė.	Vanishing Waves	Kristina Buožytė
director	Roosevelt in Africa is a film by Cherry Kearton, released in 1910.	Roosevelt in Africa	Cherry Kearton
director	Broken Hearts of Broadway is a 1923 silent film drama produced and directed by Irving Cummings and starring Colleen Moore.	Broken Hearts of Broadway	Irving Cummings
director	A Nanny for Christmas is a 2010 comedy film, directed by Michael Feifer with a screenplay by Michael Ciminera and Richard Gnolfo.	A Nanny for Christmas	Michael Feifer
director	Yelling to the Sky is a 2011 American drama film written and directed by Victoria Mahoney.	Yelling to the Sky	Victoria Mahoney
director	Thavapudhalavan (Tamil: தவப்புதல்வன்) is a 1972 Indian Tamil film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by V. Ramasami.	Thavapudhalavan	Muktha Srinivasan
director	3096 (3096 Tage) is a 2013 German drama film directed by Sherry Hormann.	3096	Sherry Hormann
director	Peddarikam is a 1992 Telugu film directed and produced by A. M. Rathnam under Sri Surya Movies.	Peddarikam	A. M. Rathnam
director	Adiós Abuelo (English language: Goodbye Alexandra, Andrea) is a 1973 Argentine drama film directed by Carlos Rinaldi and written by Norberto Aroldi.	Goodbye Alexandra, Andrea	Carlos Rinaldi
director	Snuff-Movie is a 2005 gothic horror film by British director Bernard Rose.	Snuff-Movie	Bernard Rose
director	Student Tour is a 1934 American musical film directed by Charles Reisner and written by Ralph Spence and Philip Dunne.	Student Tour	Charles Reisner
director	Sprawa pilota Maresza is a Polish film directed by Leonard Buczkowski released in 1956.	Sprawa pilota Maresza	Leonard Buczkowski
director	The Spell of the Poppy is a 1915 short drama film directed by Tod Browning.	The Spell of the Poppy	Tod Browning
director	Thieves on Strike (German:Der Streik der Diebe) is a 1921 German silent film directed by Alfred Abel.	Thieves on Strike	Alfred Abel
director	Patrick Still Lives (Italian: Patrick vive ancora, also known as Patrick Is Still Alive) is a 1980 Italian horror film directed by Mario Landi, at his last film.	Patrick Still Lives	Mario Landi
director	Manasaare (Kannada: ಮನಸಾರೆ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada romance psychological film directed by Yogaraj Bhat.	Manasaare	Yogaraj Bhat
director	Thanking the Audience (French: Vue de remerciements au Public) was a 1900 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	Thanking the Audience	Georges Méliès
director	Dyuba-Dyuba (Russian: Дюба-Дюба) is a 1992 Russian drama film directed by Aleksandr Khvan.	Dyuba-Dyuba	Aleksandr Khvan
director	Perfect Mismatch (formerly known as It's a Mismatch) is a Bollywood film directed by Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad.	Perfect Mismatch	Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad
director	Post Master (Kannada: ಪೋಸ್ಟ್ ಮಾಸ್ಟರ್) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film, directed by G. V. Iyer and produced by G. V. Iyer.	Post Master	G. V. Iyer
director	Piantadino is a 1950 Argentine Spanish language comedy film directed by Francisco Múgica.	Piantadino	Francisco Múgica
director	First Lesson (Bulgarian: Първи урок, translit. Parvi urok) is a 1960 Bulgarian drama film directed by Rangel Vulchanov.	First Lesson	Rangel Vulchanov
director	The Failure is a 1917 British silent crime film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Edwards, Chrissie White and Lionelle Howard.	The Failure	Henry Edwards
director	Malta Story is a 1953 British war film, directed by Brian Desmond Hurst, which is based on the heroic air defence of Malta during the Siege of Malta in the Second World War.	Malta Story	Brian Desmond Hurst
director	Will Any Gentleman...? is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Michael Anderson and starring George Cole, Veronica Hurst, Jon Pertwee and William Hartnell.	Will Any Gentleman...?	Michael Anderson
director	Shocking Dark (also known as Terminator II, Alienators and Contaminator) is a 1989 Italian science fiction film written by Claudio Fragasso and directed by Bruno Mattei.	Shocking Dark	Bruno Mattei
director	Not My Kid is a 1985 television film directed by Michael Tuchner, which was based on a 1984 book of the same name by Beth Polson (who also served as the film's executive producer) and Miller Newton.	Not My Kid	Michael Tuchner
director	Her Night of Romance is a 1924 silent film written by Hanns Kräly, and directed by Sidney Franklin.	Her Night of Romance	Sidney Franklin
director	Song of the Thin Man is a 1947 comedy-crime film directed by Edward Buzzell, the last of the six Thin Man films.	Song of the Thin Man	Edward Buzzell
director	Martha, Meet Frank, Daniel and Laurence (released in the United States as The Very Thought of You) is a 1998 British romantic comedy directed by Nick Hamm.	Martha, Meet Frank, Daniel and Laurence	Nick Hamm
director	Kurenai no tsubasa (紅の翼, lit. ``Crimson Wings'') is a 1958 black and white Japanese film directed by Kō Nakahira.	Kurenai no tsubasa	Kō Nakahira
director	Seven Swordsmen is a 2006 television series directed by Clarence Fok and produced by Tsui Hark.	Seven Swordsmen	Clarence Fok
director	Stella's Favor, originally Mi fai un favore, is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Giancarlo Scarchilli.	Stella's Favor	Giancarlo Scarchilli
director	The Story of a Murder (German: Chronik eines Mordes) is an East German drama film directed by Joachim Hasler.	The Story of a Murder	Joachim Hasler
director	Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A. is a 1946 race film directed by Spencer Williams and produced and distributed by Sack Amusement Enterprises.	Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A.	Spencer Williams
director	Madrid Carnival (Spanish:Verbena) is a 1941 Spanish semi-documentary drama film directed by Edgar Neville.	Madrid Carnival	Edgar Neville
director	The Lion's Claws is a 1918 American adventure film serial directed by Harry Harvey and Jacques Jaccard.	The Lion's Claws	Jacques Jaccard
director	Skoplje '63 is a 1964 Yugoslavian documentary film directed by Veljko Bulajić about the 1963 Skopje earthquake (Skoplje, per film title, is the Serbo-Croatian spelling of Skopje).	Skoplje '63	Veljko Bulajić
director	This May Be the Last Time is a 2014 American documentary film produced and directed by Sterlin Harjo.	This May Be the Last Time	Sterlin Harjo
director	Barok u Hrvatskoj (Baroque in Croatia) is a 1942 documentary short directed by Oktavijan Miletić about the life of Janko Drašković.	Barok u Hrvatskoj	Oktavijan Miletić
director	Raja Natwarlal is a 2014 Indian Hindi crime drama film directed by Kunal Deshmukh and produced by Siddharth Roy Kapur under UTV Motion Pictures.	Raja Natwarlal	Kunal Deshmukh
director	Pink Dream (Chinese: 粉红色的梦/粉紅色的夢; pinyin: Fěn hóng sè de mèng) is a 1932 Chinese silent film and an early film by director Cai Chusheng.	Pink Dream	Cai Chusheng
director	Mrs. Dane's Confession (German: Frau Dorothys Bekenntnis) is a 1921 Austrian drama film directed by Michael Curtiz.	Mrs. Dane's Confession	Michael Curtiz
director	Bangarada Jinke is a 1980 Indian Kannada-language film directed by T. S. Nagabharana and produced by B. S. Somasundar and T. S. Narasimhan under the banner Kavitha Komal Productions.	Bangarada Jinke	T. S. Nagabharana
director	Fröken Chic (English: Miss Chic) is a 1959 Swedish comedy film, directed by Hasse Ekman.	Fröken Chic	Hasse Ekman
director	Rendezvous with Annie is a 1946 comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and written by and Mary Loos and Richard Sale.	Rendezvous with Annie	Allan Dwan
director	Orphan of the Wilderness is a 1936 Australian feature film from director Ken G. Hall about the adventures of a boxing kangaroo.	Orphan of the Wilderness	Ken G. Hall
director	My Dictator (Hangul: 나의 독재자; RR: Naui Dogjaeja) is a 2014 South Korean film directed and co-written by Lee Hae-jun, starring Sol Kyung-gu and Park Hae-il.	My Dictator	Lee Hae-jun
director	The Dependables (previously known as Pride of Lions) is a 2014 straight-to-DVD family action film directed by Sidney J. Furie.	The Dependables	Sidney J. Furie
director	Three for Happiness (aka Three's Happiness) (Croatian: ''Za sreću je potrebno troje'') is a 1985 Croatian romantic drama film directed by Rajko Grlić.	Three for Happiness	Rajko Grlić
director	Coteau Rouge is a 2011 French-Canadian (Quebec) film written and directed by André Forcier and produced by Les Films du Paria.	Coteau Rouge	André Forcier
director	Krazana (Georgian: კრაზანა) is a 1928 Georgian black-and-white silent film directed by Kote Marjanishvili.	Krazana	Kote Marjanishvili
director	El desencanto (English: The Disenchantment ) is a 1976 Spanish documentary film written and directed by Jaime Chávarri about the family of famous poetry writer Leopoldo Panero.	El desencanto	Jaime Chávarri
director	The Catechism Cataclysm is a 2011 independent, psychotronic dark comedy film directed by Todd Rohal.	The Catechism Cataclysm	Todd Rohal
director	Mr. Proudfoot Shows a Light is a 1941 British World War II public information/propaganda short film, directed by Herbert Mason and featuring cameos from a number of well-known actors of the day.	Mr. Proudfoot Shows a Light	Herbert Mason
director	The Vanity Serum (Italian: Il siero della vanità) is a 2004 Italian giallo film directed by Alex Infascelli.	The Vanity Serum	Alex Infascelli
director	Looking for Grace is a 2015 Australian drama film directed by Sue Brooks.	Looking for Grace	Sue Brooks
director	Mungaru Male (Kannada: ಮುಂಗಾರು ಮಳೆ, translation: Pre-monsoon Showers) is a 2006 Indian Kannada musical romance film co-written and directed by Yogaraj Bhat, and produced by E. Krishnappa.	Mungaru Male	Yogaraj Bhat
director	Campus Confidential is a television comedy film starring Christy Carlson Romano and Keri Lynn Pratt, and directed by Melanie Mayron.	Campus Confidential	Melanie Mayron
director	In a 2007 interview with GameTrailers, God of War creator and game director David Jaffe explained his original intention for the series, which is different from the actual ending of God of War III, which was based on game director Stig Asmussen's vision.	God of War III	Stig Asmussen
director	I kantonnement is a 1932 Danish silent comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr..	I kantonnement	Lau Lauritzen
director	Daughter of the Nile (Ni luo he nyu er) (I kori tou Neilou) is a 1987 film by Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao-Hsien.	Daughter of the Nile	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
director	The Soul of Youth is a 1920 American silent film directed by William Desmond Taylor, produced and distributed by Realart Pictures.	The Soul of Youth	William Desmond Taylor
director	Mochanam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Thoppil Bhasi and produced by P Stanley.	Mochanam	Thoppil Bhasi
director	Melody in Spring is a 1934 American Pre-Code musical film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and written by Benn W. Levy, Frank Leon Smith and Jane Storm.	Melody in Spring	Norman Z. McLeod
director	Act of Memory is a 12-minute short film written and directed by Jack Ryder and produced by David Pugh and Dafydd Rogers and Laura Crampsie.	Act of Memory	Jack Ryder
director	That Day After Everyday is a Hindi short film directed by Anurag Kashyap, written by Nitin Bhardwaj, and produced by Sankalp Acharekar & Omer Haidar.	That Day After Everyday	Anurag Kashyap
director	Heart of Arizona is a 1938 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Norman Houston.	Heart of Arizona	Lesley Selander
director	Geleya (Kannada: ಗೆಳೆಯ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language crime romance film directed by Harsha, a popular choreographer making his debut in direction.	Geleya	Harsha
director	Kairasi (Tamil: கைராசி) is a 1960 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Shankar and produced by M. Vasudeva Menon.	Kairasi	K. Shankar
director	O-Kay for Sound is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring the Crazy Gang troupe of comedians.	O-Kay for Sound	Marcel Varnel
director	Czech Peace (Czech: Český mír) is a 2010 Czech documentary film directed by Vít Klusák and Filip Remunda.	Czech Peace	Vít Klusák	Filip Remunda
director	Love Exists (French: L'Amour existe) is a short documentary essay on the parisian suburbs made in 1960, written and directed by Maurice Pialat and produced by Pierre Braunberger.	L'Amour existe	Maurice Pialat
director	Aagadu (English: He will not halt) is a 2014 Indian Telugu action comedy film directed by Srinu Vaitla.	Aagadu	Srinu Vaitla
director	Kungfu Cyborg (simplified Chinese: 机器侠; traditional Chinese: 機器俠; pinyin: Ji Qi Xia) is a 2009 Hong Kong action film directed by Jeffrey Lau.	Kungfu Cyborg	Jeffrey Lau
director	Forest of Bliss is a 1986 documentary film by ethnographic filmmaker Robert Gardner about everyday life in Benares, India.	Forest of Bliss	Robert Gardner
director	Last Flight to Abuja is a 2012 Nigerian thriller disaster film written by Tunde Babalola, directed and produced by Obi Emelonye.	Last Flight to Abuja	Obi Emelonye
director	Loyalty of Love (aka Teresa Confalonieri in Italian) is an Italian drama film from 1934, directed by Guido Brignone.	Loyalty of Love	Guido Brignone
director	Silent Conflict is a 1948 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Charles Belden.	Silent Conflict	George Archainbaud
director	Friend Ripp (German:Freund Ripp) is a 1923 German silent film directed by Alfred Halm and starring Carl Geppert, Ilka Grüning and Käthe Haack.	Friend Ripp	Alfred Halm
director	Plane Crazy is an American animated short film directed by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks.	Plane Crazy	Walt Disney	Ub Iwerks
director	Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya? (English: Why did I fall in love?) is a 2005 Bollywood comedy film directed by David Dhawan.	Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya?	David Dhawan
director	The Promotion is a 2008 American comedy film written and directed by Steven Conrad.	The Promotion	Steven Conrad
director	Conversations on Serious Topics (Lithuanian: Pokalbiai rimtomis temomis) is a 2012 Lithuanian documentary film directed by Giedrė Beinoriūtė.	Conversations on Serious Topics	Giedrė Beinoriūtė
director	Sued for Libel is a 1939 American mystery film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by Jerry Cady, based on Wolfe Kaufman's story.	Sued for Libel	Leslie Goodwins
director	Penny Princess is a 1952 British Technicolor comedy written and directed by Val Guest for his own production company, Conquest Productions.	Penny Princess	Val Guest
director	Sowbhagya Lakshmi (Kannada: ಸೌಭಾಗ್ಯ ಲಕ್ಷ್ಮಿ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S P Rajashekar.	Sowbhagya Lakshmi	H. R. Bhargava
director	A Hero of the Big Snows is a 1926 American silent adventure film directed by Herman C. Raymaker and written by Ewart Adamson.	A Hero of the Big Snows	Herman C. Raymaker
director	Female Werewolf is a 2015 independent horror film that was written and directed by Chris Alexander.	Female Werewolf	Chris Alexander
director	The Bad Pack is a 1997 independent action film written and directed by Brent Huff, and starring Robert Davi, Roddy Piper, Ralf Möller, Larry B. Scott, Shawn Huff, and Patrick Dollaghan.	The Bad Pack	Brent Huff
director	How Bridget's Lover Escaped (French: Le Mariage de Victorine), also known as Le Mariage de Victoire, is a 1907 French short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès.	How Bridget's Lover Escaped	Georges Méliès
director	Unholy Love (released in the United Kingdom as Deceit) is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film, directed and produced by Albert Ray.	Unholy Love	Albert Ray
director	The Archimedes Principle (Spanish: El Principio de Arquímedes) is a 2004 film directed by Gerardo Herrero featuring Marta Belaustegui and Roberto Enríquez.	The Archimedes Principle	Gerardo Herrero
director	3 Kanya or Teen Kanya (2012) is a Bengali psychological thriller film directed by Agnidev Chatterjee.	3 Kanya	Agnidev Chatterjee
director	Il profeta (internationally released as Mr. Kinky and The Prophet) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.	Il profeta	Dino Risi
director	Sigappu Malargal (Tamil: சிகப்பு மலர்கள்) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film, directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar.	Sigappu Malargal	S. A. Chandrasekhar
director	Silvered Water, Syria Self-Portrait (Arabic: ماء الفضة‎, French: Eau argentée, Syrie autoportrait) is a Syrian documentary film about the Syrian Civil War, directed by Ossama Mohammed and Wiam Simav Bedirxan.	Silvered Water, Syria Self-Portrait	Wiam Simav Bedirxan
director	La Métamorphose des cloportes is a 1965 French and Italian crime film comedy directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre.	La Métamorphose des cloportes	Pierre Granier-Deferre
director	Drive Hard (originally titled Hard Drive) is a 2014 Australian action comedy film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and written by Chad Law, Evan Law, and Smith.	Drive Hard	Brian Trenchard-Smith
director	Kanden Kadhalai (English: I Saw My Love) is a 2009 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by R. Kannan of Jayamkondaan fame.	Kanden Kadhalai	R. Kannan
director	Finding Fela is a 2014 documentary film directed by Alex Gibney, portraying and analysing the life of pioneering musician Fela Kuti.	Finding Fela	Alex Gibney
director	Ermine and Rhinestones is a 1925 silent film, written by Louise Winter, and directed by Burton L. King	Ermine and Rhinestones	Burton L. King
director	Yes, Madam? is a 1939 British musical comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Bobby Howes, Diana Churchill and Wylie Watson.	Yes, Madam?	Norman Lee
director	Vado a riprendermi il gatto (I'm going to take back the cat) is a 1987 Italian romantic comedy-drama film directed by Giuliano Biagetti.	Vado a riprendermi il gatto	Giuliano Biagetti
director	Naayi Neralu (Kannada: ನಾಯಿ ನೆರಳು; English: Shadow of the Dog) is a 2006 Indian Kannada language film directed by Girish Kasaravalli, based on a novel of the same name by Kannada writer S. L. Bhyrappa, and starring Pavitra Lokesh in the lead role.	Naayi Neralu	Girish Kasaravalli
director	Khoey Ho Tum Kahan (Urdu: کهوے هو توم کهاں ) is a 2001 Pakistani Urdu film directed by Ajab Gul.	Khoey Ho Tum Kahan	Ajab Gul
director	Long Live with Dearly Departed (Czech: Ať žije nebožtík) is a 1935 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.	Long Live with Dearly Departed	Martin Frič
director	Lumumba, la mort d'un prophète (Lumumba, the death of a prophet) is a 1990 documentary film by Haitian director Raoul Peck.	Lumumba, la mort d'un prophète	Raoul Peck
director	Whatever You Can Spare (Serbo-Croatian: Daj što daš) is a 1979 Yugoslav film directed by Bogdan Žižić.	Whatever You Can Spare	Bogdan Žižić
director	Kodi Parakuthu is a 1988 Tamil drama film is directed by P. Bharathiraja.	Kodi Parakuthu	P. Bharathiraja
director	Only Saps Work is a 1930 American comedy film directed by Cyril Gardner and Edwin H. Knopf and written by Owen Davis, Percy Heath, Joseph L. Mankiewicz and Sam Mintz.	Only Saps Work	Cyril Gardner
director	Romance of a Horsethief (French: Le roman d'un voleur de chevaux, Italian: Il romanzo di un ladro di cavalli, Serbo-Croatian: Romansa konjokradice) is a 1971 French-Italian-Yugoslav adventure film directed by Abraham Polonsky.	Romance of a Horsethief	Abraham Polonsky
director	Tum Se Achcha Kaun Hai is a 2002 Bollywood romantic film directed by Deepak Anand starring Rati Agnihotri, Nakul Kapoor and Aarti Chhabria.	Tum Se Achcha Kaun Hai	Deepak Anand
director	My First Mister is a 2001 film written by Jill Franklyn and directed by Christine Lahti.	My First Mister	Christine Lahti
director	Prankstar is an unreleased mockumentary independent film written by, directed by, and starring Tom Green.	Prankstar	Tom Green
director	Kumudham (Tamil: குமுதம்) is a 1961 Indian Tamil film, directed by Adurthi Subba Rao and produced by S. D. Gunasekaran.	Kumudham	Adurthi Subba Rao
director	Mimics Action 500 is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Balu Kiriyath and produced by Harikumaran Thampi.	Mimics Action 500	Balu Kiriyath
director	Dead Tone, originally released as 7eventy 5ive, is a 2007 horror film directed and written by Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor.	Dead Tone	Brian Hooks	Deon Taylor
director	Chow Hound is a Looney Tunes (reissued as a Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies in 1959) animated short directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese.	Chow Hound	Chuck Jones
director	Chotoder Chobi (English: A Story about small people) is a 2015 Indian Bengali language short film directed by Kaushik Ganguly.	Chotoder Chobi	Kaushik Ganguly
director	Gomti Ke Kinare is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Saawan Kumar Tak in a directorial debut.	Gomti Ke Kinare	Saawan Kumar Tak
director	Love's Boomerang (also known as Perpetua) is a 1922 British crime film directed by John S. Robertson.	Love's Boomerang	John S. Robertson
director	The Road to Romance is a 1927 film directed by John S. Robertson, based upon a Joseph Conrad-Ford Madox Ford novel, Romance.	The Road to Romance	John S. Robertson
director	Oh Maane Maane is a 1984 Indian Tamil film, directed by A. Jagannathan.	Oh Maane Maane	A. Jagannathan
director	Britannia Hospital is a 1982 black comedy film by British director Lindsay Anderson which targets the National Health Service and contemporary British society.	Britannia Hospital	Lindsay Anderson
director	Partie de cartes (also known as Card Game and The Messers. Lumière at Cards (USA), or A Quiet Game of Écarté) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by Louis Lumière and starring Antoine Féraud.	Partie de cartes	Louis Lumière
director	Qahar is a 1997 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Rajkumar Kohli.	Qahar	Rajkumar Kohli
director	Nebeští jezdci is a Czechoslovak movie directed by Jindřich Polák in 1968 about Czechoslovak pilots in RAF service during the Battle of Britain, and the ongoing aerial battle in northern Europe.	Nebeští jezdci	Jindřich Polák
director	Midnight Alibi is a 1934 sound film directed by Alan Crosland, produced by First National Pictures, distributed by ((Warner Bros).)	Midnight Alibi	Alan Crosland
director	Tai Chi 0 or Tai Chi Zero (太極之零開始) or (太極:從零開始) is a 2012 Chinese 3D martial arts film directed by Stephen Fung.	Tai Chi 0	Stephen Fung
director	In the Dust of the Stars (German: Im Staub der Sterne) is a 1976 science fiction film directed by Gottfried Kolditz.	In the Dust of the Stars	Gottfried Kolditz
director	Seasoned Players is an award winning pornographic film series directed and produced by Tom Byron.	Seasoned Players	Tom Byron
director	Campo de Jogo, English title Sunday Ball, is a 2015 Brazilian documentary film directed by Eryk Rocha.	Campo de Jogo	Eryk Rocha
director	The Terror of Tiny Town is a 1938 American film produced by Jed Buell, directed by Sam Newfield, and starring Billy Curtis.	The Terror of Tiny Town	Sam Newfield
director	Phone Call from a Stranger is a 1952 American drama film directed by Jean Negulesco, who was nominated for the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.	Phone Call from a Stranger	Jean Negulesco
director	Toula ou Le génie des eaux is a 1973 drama film directed by Moustapha Alassane.	Toula ou Le génie des eaux	Moustapha Alassane
director	The Callahans and the Murphys is a 1927 comedy silent film directed by George W. Hill.	The Callahans and the Murphys	George W. Hill
director	American Hot Wax is a 1978 biopic film directed by Floyd Mutrux and written by John Kaye, telling the story of pioneering disc jockey Alan Freed, who was instrumental in introducing and popularizing rock 'n' roll in the 1950s.	American Hot Wax	Floyd Mutrux
director	Arrival of a Train at Vincennes Station (French: Arrivée d'un train (Gare de Vincennes)) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès.	Arrival of a Train at Vincennes Station	Georges Méliès
director	Blood of the Beasts (Le Sang des bêtes) is a 1949 short French documentary film written and directed by Georges Franju.	Blood of the Beasts	Georges Franju
director	Phaniyamma (Kannada: ಫಣಿಯಮ್ಮ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada award-winning drama film directed and produced by Prema Karanth.	Phaniyamma	Prema Karanth
director	Movie Movie is a 1978 American double bill directed by Stanley Donen.	Movie Movie	Stanley Donen
director	Kaadhal Solla Vandhen (Tamil: காதல் சொல்ல வந்தேன்; English: I came to express my love) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Boopathy Pandian, which stars Balaji Balakrishnan of Kana Kaanum Kaalangal fame, Meghana Raj and Karthik Sabesh in lead and Arya in a guest role.	Kaadhal Solla Vandhen	Boopathy Pandian
director	Survive Style 5+ is a 2004 Japanese film directed by Gen Sekiguchi.	Survive Style 5+	Gen Sekiguchi
director	The Barber Shop (1933) is a short American Pre-Code comedy film starring W.C. Fields, directed by Arthur Ripley, and produced by Mack Sennett.	The Barber Shop	Arthur Ripley
director	Plane Daffy is a 1944 Warner Bros. cartoon directed by Frank Tashlin, starring Daffy Duck.	Plane Daffy	Frank Tashlin
director	Niceland (Population. 1.000.002) is an Icelandic drama directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson	Niceland (Population. 1.000.002)	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
director	Boogie-Doodle is a 1940 drawn-on-film visual music short by Norman McLaren, set to the boogie-woogie music of African-American jazz pianist Albert Ammons.	Boogie-Doodle	Norman McLaren
director	Commissar Shakespeare (Original Turkish title: Komser Şekspir) is a 2001 Turkish comedy-drama film, directed by Sinan Çetin.	Commissar Shakespeare	Sinan Çetin
director	Jeevan Mukt (Hindi: जीवन मुक्त; translation: Freedom in Life) is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Sudhendu Roy.	Jeevan Mukt	Sudhendu Roy
director	Veeram (English: Valour) is a 2014 Indian Tamil action film directed by Siva and produced by Vijaya Productions.	Veeram	Siva
director	Redhead from Manhattan is a 1943 comedy film by Lew Landers and written by Joseph Hoffman.	Redhead from Manhattan	Lew Landers
director	The Preview Murder Mystery is a 1936 American mystery-comedy, directed by Robert Florey and shot in the Paramount studio.	The Preview Murder Mystery	Robert Florey
director	Full Eclipse is a 1993 science fiction crime film directed by Anthony Hickox.	Full Eclipse	Anthony Hickox
director	The Roots of Heaven is a 1958 American adventure film in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color made by 20th Century Fox, directed by John Huston and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck.	The Roots of Heaven	John Huston
director	Jalwa is a 1987 action, thriller Bollywood film directed by Pankaj Parashar and produced by Gul Anand.	Jalwa	Pankaj Parashar
director	Amanti del passato is a 1953 Italian romantic drama film directed by Adelchi Bianchi.	Amanti del passato	Adelchi Bianchi
director	Friends, Comrades (Finnish: Ystävät, toverit) is a 1990 Finnish drama film directed by Rauni Mollberg.	Friends, Comrades	Rauni Mollberg
director	Torn Memories of Nanjing (南京 引き裂かれた記憶) is a 2009 Japanese documentary film by Japanese activist Tamaki Matsuoka.	Torn Memories of Nanjing	Tamaki Matsuoka
director	Shalom Abu Bassem is a documentary by Nissim Mossek about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict that follows a New York Jewish settler and an Arab hummus vendor that are forced to live as neighbors in the heart of Jerusalem.	Shalom Abu Bassem	Nissim Mossek
dissolved or abolished	Savoy Pictures Entertainment, Inc. was an American independent motion picture company in operation from 1992 to 1997.	Savoy Pictures	1997
dissolved or abolished	Buyeo or Puyŏ (Korean: 부여; Hanja: 夫餘 Korean pronunciation: (pujʌ)) was an ancient kingdom located in parts of southern Manchuria and northern Korea, from around the 2nd century BC to 494.	Buyeo	494
dissolved or abolished	Biała Podlaska Voivodeship (Polish: województwo bialskopodlaskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975--1998, superseded by Lublin Voivodeship.	Biała Podlaska Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	The County of Sicily was a Norman state comprising the islands of Sicily and Malta from 1071 until 1130.	County of Sicily	1130
dissolved or abolished	The White Motor Company was an American automobile, truck and bus manufacturer from 1900 until 1980.	White Motor Company	1980
dissolved or abolished	After the Treaty of Versailles of 1919, Germany lost all its colonial possessions, including German New Guinea.	German New Guinea	1919
dissolved or abolished	The Province of Nassau (German: Provinz Nassau) was a province of Prussia from 1944 to 1945.	Province of Nassau	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Jaén was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed for only two very short periods, first in 1145 and secondly in 1168.	Taifa of Jaén	1168
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Bavaria (German: Königreich Bayern) was a German state that succeeded the former Electorate of Bavaria in 1805 and continued to exist until 1918.	Kingdom of Bavaria	1918
dissolved or abolished	From 1936 to 1979, the office of President of Nicaragua was held by members of the Nationalist Liberal Party.	Nationalist Liberal Party	1979
educated at	The son of Brigadier General Walter Allason DSO & Bar (1875--1960), James Allason was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College and the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.	James Allason	Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
educated at	Judith Kimble received her Bachelor's degree in biomedical sciences from the University of California, Berkeley in 1971.	Judith Kimble	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Carola Garcia de Vinuesa is a Professor and Head of the Department of Pathogens and Immunity at the College of Medicine at the Australian National University.	Carola Garcia de Vinuesa	Australian National University
educated at	In 1974, Dumitru Diacov graduated from Belarusian State University and then worked for TeleRadio-Moldova.	Dumitru Diacov	Belarusian State University
educated at	Born in Klagenfurt, Roland Rainer decided to become an architect when he was 18, so he studied at the Vienna University of Technology.	Roland Rainer	Vienna University of Technology
educated at	Thaksin Shinawatra was a member of the 10th class of the Armed Forces Academies Preparatory School, and was then admitted to the Thai Police Cadet Academy.	Thaksin Shinawatra	Armed Forces Academies Preparatory School
educated at	Naihua Duan is a practicing biostatistician specializing in mental health services and policy research at Columbia University.	Naihua Duan	Columbia University
educated at	Jonatha Brooke graduated from Commonwealth School in Boston before moving on to Amherst College.	Jonatha Brooke	Amherst College
educated at	Born in London, England, the eldest son of Lieutenant-General Sir Charles William Doyle and Sophia Cramer Coghill, he attended the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, and joined the army as an ensign of the 24th (The 2nd Warwickshire) Regiment of Foot on 23 December 1819.	Charles William Doyle	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
educated at	Jerzy Katlewicz (April 2, 1927 -- November 16, 2015) was a Polish music conductor, pianist and Professor of the Academy of Music in Kraków since 1990.	Jerzy Katlewicz	Academy of Music in Kraków
educated at	In 2008, Remo Jacuzzi was honored by being inducted into the Haas School of Business Hall of Fame at the University of California, Berkeley.	Remo Jacuzzi	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Frank Greenaway studied Chemistry at Jesus College, Oxford.	Frank Greenaway	Jesus College
educated at	Born in Hong Kong, Sun Kwok was graduated from Pui Ching Middle School, the mother school of Daniel Chee Tsui, Nobel Prize Winner in Physics and Shing-Tung Yau, Fields Medal Winner.	Sun Kwok	Pui Ching Middle School
educated at	Allen Newell (/ˈnuːəl, ˈnjuː-/; March 19, 1927 -- July 19, 1992) was a researcher in computer science and cognitive psychology at the RAND Corporation and at Carnegie Mellon University's School of Computer Science, Tepper School of Business, and Department of Psychology.	Allen Newell	Carnegie Mellon University
educated at	It was in 1875 that Giovanni Sottocornola, a painter of humble origins, enrolled at the Brera Academy of Fine Arts, where he attended the courses of Raffaele Casnedi and Giuseppe Bertini until 1880 and met his fellow students Gaetano Previati, Emilio Longoni and Giovanni Segantini.	Giovanni Sottocornola	Brera Academy
educated at	George E. Rody was the captain of the first national championship basketball team at the University of Kansas in 1921-22.	George E. Rody	University of Kansas
educated at	Holder of a Master's degree in biochemistry (1997) and another one in enzyme engineering, microbiology and bioconversion, Vanessa Proux graduates from University of Technology of Compiègne in October 2001 (Doctorate in enzyme engineering, microbiology and bioconversion).	Vanessa Proux	University of Technology of Compiègne
educated at	Einars Repše graduated from Latvia State University (now known as University of Latvia) in 1986 with a degree in physics (specialisation -- radio electronics).	Einars Repše	University of Latvia
educated at	Marjorie Hill (died 1909) was one of the original nine of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated's twenty founders at Howard University.	Marjorie Hill	Howard University
educated at	Ana Castillo received her MA in Latin American Studies from the University of Chicago in 1979, after teaching ethnic studies at Santa Rosa Junior College and serving as writer-in-residence for the Illinois Arts Council.	Ana Castillo	University of Chicago
educated at	At Kingwood High School, Nic Wise was a two year letterwinner.	Nic Wise	Kingwood High School
educated at	Blaine Hogan (born January 29, 1980) is an actor from Minnesota, United States, who graduated from Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana and has performed on stage in Indianapolis and Chicago at the Indiana Rep, Chicago Shakespeare, and the Goodman Theatre.	Blaine Hogan	Butler University
educated at	Vladimir Pištalo graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School and earned his doctorate at the University of New Hampshire under the theme of the manifold identity of Serbian immigrants.	Vladimir Pištalo	University of New Hampshire
educated at	In July 2001, Omar al-Bayoumi moved to England to pursue a PhD at Aston University.	Omar al-Bayoumi	Aston University
educated at	Albert Edward Winship (1845-1933) was a pioneering American educator and educational journalist, born at West Bridgewater, Mass. He attended Andover Theological Seminary in 1875.	Albert Edward Winship	Andover Theological Seminary
educated at	In 2004 Vakhtang Kakhidze had concert tour with Tbilisi Symphony orchestra in Russia and Italy performing in such leading concert halls as Moscow Conservatory Big Hall and St. Petersburg Philharmony, Milan Conservatory Verdi Concert Hall, Santa Cecilia Music Academy new concert hall in Rome, Merano, Bari and other cities.	Vakhtang Kakhidze	Moscow Conservatory
educated at	M. G. K. Menon was educated at Jaswant College, Jodhpur, and the Royal Institute of Science, Bombay, before he moved to the University of Bristol for his Ph.D in elementary particle physics under the guidance of Nobel Laureate Cecil F. Powell in 1953.	M. G. K. Menon	University of Bristol
educated at	Japeth Aguilar suited up as a college freshman for the Ateneo de Manila University Blue Eagles in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines in 2004.	Japeth Aguilar	Ateneo de Manila University
educated at	After studying political science and English studies, Manfred G. Schmidt received his PhD in political science from the University of Tübingen, directed by Gerhard Lehmbruch.	Manfred G. Schmidt	University of Tübingen
educated at	When Jody Lumpkin graduated from Hammond School in 1996, he chose to play at Rice University over his other top candidates Davidson College, the University of Pennsylvania, the College of Charleston (CofC), and the University of Maryland.	Jody Lumpkin	Rice University
educated at	Hemant Mishra ( हेमन्त मिश्रा ) was an Indian character actor He is an alumnus of National School of Drama.	Hemant Mishra	National School of Drama
educated at	Eugene Volokh (Ukrainian: Євге́н Володимирович Волох Yevhen Volodymyrovych Volokh, Russian: Евге́ний Влади́мирович Во́лох Yevgeniy Vladimirovich Volokh; born February 29, 1968) is an American law professor, the Gary T. Schwartz Professor of Law at the UCLA School of Law.	Eugene Volokh	UCLA School of Law
educated at	Samuel M. Nabrit, (February 21, 1905 -- December 30, 2003) became the first African American to be awarded a doctoral degree from Brown University, the first Morehouse College graduate to earn a Ph.D. and the first African American appointed to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission (now the Nuclear Regulatory Commission).	Samuel M. Nabrit	Brown University
educated at	Lambros Couloubaritsis received his PhD in philosophy from the Free University of Brussels after studying chemistry at the University of Liège.	Lambros Couloubaritsis	Free University of Brussels
educated at	William C. Perry was born on March 11, 1900 in Belleville, Kansas, where he then grew up before he served in the military during World War I. He graduated from the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas in 1922.	William C. Perry	University of Kansas
educated at	Christian McLeer, an American Composer is a graduate of the Juilliard Conservatory Pre-College, and Manhattan School of Music.	Christian McLeer	Manhattan School of Music
educated at	Edward Alexander Bott (nickname, Ned; April 11, 1887 - 1974) was a psychologist at the University of Toronto.	Edward Alexander Bott	University of Toronto
educated at	Born in Worcestershire, England, Jerry Wiggin was educated at Eton College, followed by Trinity College, Cambridge.	Jerry Wiggin	Eton College
educated at	A Medal in his honour, known as ``The Gurusaday Dutt Medal'' along with a Cash prize, was endowed by his grandson, Devsaday Dutt, at the University of Calcutta, which is given to the student who stands First in the Post-Graduate Examination in Geography, from 2008 onwards.	Gurusaday Dutt	University of Calcutta
educated at	Emanuel V. Soriano was the 14th president of the University of the Philippines.	Emanuel V. Soriano	University of the Philippines
educated at	Jean-Louis Scaringella, (born 16 July 1948, in Grenoble, Isère, France) is a graduate of the HEC Paris and Harvard Business School.	Jean-Louis Scaringella	Harvard Business School
educated at	Main Bocher was a native of Chicago, where he studied art at the University of Chicago and the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts.	Main Bocher	University of Chicago
educated at	Josh Klausner graduated from Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey.	Josh Klausner	Princeton University
educated at	Beverly Schwartz was born in New York City and has spent time living in Minneapolis, San Francisco, Atlanta, and Washington D.C. She attended the City University of New York and the University of Minnesota, earning a Master of Science degree in behavioral science.	Beverly Schwartz	City University of New York	University of Minnesota
educated at	Born in Hamilton, Ontario, Bruce Kuwabara studied architecture at the University of Toronto and graduated in 1972.	Bruce Kuwabara	University of Toronto
educated at	Uğur Erdener (born June 15, 1950) is a Turkish physician specialized in ophthalmology and professor at the Hacettepe University, Ankara.	Uğur Erdener	Hacettepe University
educated at	Farhan Nizami is the youngest of five children of the late Khaliq Nizami, one time Vice Chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University, and of the late Razia Nizami.	Farhan Nizami	Aligarh Muslim University
educated at	Mary Jo Ondrechen received an American Chemical Society certified Bachelor's degree in Chemistry from Reed College, Portland, Oregon in 1974.	Mary Jo Ondrechen	Reed College
educated at	Beata Szymańska left the philosophy department of the Jagiellonian University and received her doctorate in philosophy in 1977.	Beata Szymańska	Jagiellonian University
educated at	In 1972, Fred Van Oystaeyen obtained his Ph.D. from the Vrije Universiteit of Amsterdam.	Fred Van Oystaeyen	Vrije Universiteit
educated at	Richard B. Rothman is a pharmacologist who received his MD and Ph.D. degrees in pharmacology from the University of Virginia in 1982.	Richard B. Rothman	University of Virginia
educated at	Feleti Teo received his Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Feleti Teo	University of Canterbury
educated at	Richard D. Alexander obtained an associate of arts degree from Blackburn College (Carlinville, Illinois) in 1948, a bachelor of science in education (biology) and a PhD from Ohio State University in 1956.	Richard D. Alexander	Ohio State University
educated at	Diane Wiessinger received her Master of Science Degree in Ecology and Evolutionary Biology from Cornell University in 1978.	Diane Wiessinger	Cornell University
educated at	Jeffrey Finn attended Connecticut College, where he received his bachelor's degree in 1992.	Jeffrey Finn	Connecticut College
educated at	Wilhelmina Reuben-Cooke was one of the first five African American undergraduates admitted to Duke University in 1963.	Wilhelmina Reuben-Cooke	Duke University
educated at	Educated at Eton College and the University of St Andrews, Barney White-Spunner was commissioned into the Blues and Royals in 1979.	Barney White-Spunner	Eton College	University of St Andrews
educated at	Wilfried Elmenreich studied computer science at the Vienna University of Technology where he received his master's degree in 1998.	Wilfried Elmenreich	Vienna University of Technology
educated at	Sinedu Tadesse (1974 - May 28, 1995) was a junior in college at Harvard University when she murdered her roommate, Trang Phuong Ho, and then killed herself on May 28, 1995.	Sinedu Tadesse	Harvard University
educated at	George Goad (died 1671) was the master of Eton College.	George Goad	Eton College
educated at	Geoffrey Till, FKC (born in London, England, on 14 January 1945) is a British naval historian and Professor of Maritime Studies in the Defence Studies Department of King's College London.	Geoffrey Till	King's College London
educated at	Sarah Sumner earned a Bachelor of Education from Baylor University, a Master of Theology from Wheaton College, and a Master of Business Administration from Azusa Pacific University.	Sarah Sumner	Baylor University
educated at	Joan Hornig graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard College in 1977 with a degree in fine arts before going on to get her MBA at Columbia Business School in 1984.	Joan Hornig	Columbia Business School
educated at	Vernon Palmer (Vernon Valentine Palmer) is an American-born legal scholar, the Thomas Pickles Professor of Law at Tulane University Law School and the co-director of its Eason Weinmann Center of Comparative Law.	Vernon Valentine Palmer	Tulane University Law School
educated at	Cynthia Kenyon graduated valedictorian in chemistry and biochemistry from the University of Georgia in 1976.	Cynthia Kenyon	University of Georgia
educated at	Charles Strum was born in 1948 and is a graduate of Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, where he was a history and political Science double-major.	Charles Strum	Dickinson College
educated at	William Gurley (March 16, 1821 -- January 11, 1887) co-founded what is now known as Gurley Precision Instruments with his brother, and served as vice president and, from 1886 to 1887, acting president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.	William Gurley	Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
educated at	Lisa Murphy completed her undergraduate work at Rutgers University earning a BA and graduated from Columbia Business School with an MBA in 1999.	Lisa Murphy	Rutgers University	Columbia Business School
educated at	In his will, Sugarman provided for the establishment of The George Sugarman Foundation, Inc. A 1934 graduate of the City College of New York, Sugarman served in the United States Navy from 1941 to 1945, assigned to the Pacific theater.	George Sugarman	City College of New York
educated at	Charles W. Gilchrist received degrees from Williams College magna cum laude in 1958 and Harvard Law School in 1961 and was admitted into the Maryland Bar in 1962.	Charles W. Gilchrist	Williams College	Harvard Law School
educated at	Delphine Arnault received her degree from the London School of Economics and EDHEC Business School (Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales du Nord), she began her career working for the strategy consulting firm McKinsey and Company.	Delphine Arnault	London School of Economics
educated at	Born in West Boylston, Massachusetts , Dyer Ball studied at Phillips Academy and at Yale College for two years.	Dyer Ball	Phillips Academy
educated at	Hermann Gossler studied law at the University of Heidelberg, and worked as a lawyer in Hamburg from 1826 to 1837.	Hermann Gossler	University of Heidelberg
educated at	Charles Moskos attended Princeton University, where he graduated cum laude in 1956, on tuition scholarship and waited tables to pay for room and board.	Charles Moskos	Princeton University
educated at	A Kenyan native, Peter Kithene holds a BA in Psychology from the University of Washington.	Peter Kithene	University of Washington
educated at	John Chipman Gray (July 14, 1839 -- February 25, 1915) was an American scholar of property law and professor at Harvard Law School.	John Chipman Gray	Harvard Law School
educated at	Born in Visalia, California, Tyler Zeller grew up in Washington, Indiana, attending Washington High School.	Tyler Zeller	Washington High School
educated at	Henry Hall Dixon was born at Warwick Bridge, Cumberland, on 16 May 1822, and was educated at Rugby School and at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1846.	Henry Hall Dixon	Rugby School	Trinity College
educated at	Born in New York, Carolyn Abbate completed her BA at Yale University in 1977.	Carolyn Abbate	Yale University
educated at	Following education in Christiania and a year as student at the University of Copenhagen, Peder Anker and his brothers spent five years traveling with private tutors in Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy.	Peder Anker	University of Copenhagen
educated at	Tobias Nielsén (born 1975) is a graduated economist from Stockholm School of Economics and Columbia Business School, New York, publisher and writer.	Tobias Nielsén	Stockholm School of Economics	Columbia Business School
educated at	Gisbert Wüstholz is a German mathematician who obtained his Ph.D. from the Albert Ludwigs University of Freiburg in 1977, under the supervision of Theodor Schneider.	Gisbert Wüstholz	University of Freiburg
educated at	He entered Maseno School in 1937 and attended Alliance High School from 1942 to 1943, where he was taught by mathematician Edward Carey Francis, who later, when asked who was the most brilliant student he had ever taught, answered ``Far and away, David Wasawo''.	David Wasawo	Maseno School	Alliance High School
educated at	Laurence Muir was born in Victoria and educated at Scotch College (Captain of School 1942), and the University of Melbourne.	Laurence Muir	University of Melbourne
educated at	In 1955, Alla Gerber graduated from the faculty of law of the Moscow State University.	Alla Gerber	Moscow State University
educated at	Cheney Mason is a graduate of the University of Florida, in 1968 with a Bachelor of Arts and in 1970 with a Juris Doctor.	Cheney Mason	University of Florida
educated at	Brandon Prideaux (born August 18, 1976 in Seattle, Washington) is a former American professional soccer player, currently an assistant coach for the men's soccer team at the University of Washington.	Brandon Prideaux	University of Washington
educated at	Novice Gail Fawcett (March 29, 1909 -- June 19, 1998), born in Gambier, Ohio, was the 8th President of The Ohio State University.	Novice Gail Fawcett	Ohio State University
employer	Sreyashi Jhumki Basu (1977--2008) was a professor of Science Education at New York University who is best known for her work to encourage urban minority students to succeed through the study of science.	Sreyashi Jhumki Basu	New York University
employer	J. Kim Vandiver (born December 4, 1945) is an American university professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	J. Kim Vandiver	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Emery Kay Hunt (usually called E. K. Hunt or Kay Hunt) (born November 13, 1937 in Blanding, Utah) is an Emeritus Professor of Economics at the University of Utah.	E. K. Hunt	University of Utah
employer	Traugott Lawler (born 8 March 1937) is a medievalist scholar, expert on William Langland, and an emeritus professor of English at Yale University, where he served as master of Ezra Stiles College and also as a lecturer in religion and literature.	Traugott Lawler	Yale University
employer	Bethan James is a BBC political reporter from Wales based in Westminster.	Bethan James	BBC
employer	Mark Lance (born 1959) is a professor in the Philosophy Department and Justice and Peace Studies Program at Georgetown University.	Mark Lance	Georgetown University
employer	Tom Holm is a professor in the Native American Studies program at the University of Arizona.	Tom Holm	University of Arizona
employer	Ibrahim Thiaw is the Deputy Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) at the level of Assistant Secretary-General.	Ibrahim Thiaw	United Nations
employer	Neil Immerman (24 November 1953, Manhasset, New York) is an American theoretical computer scientist, a professor of computer science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Neil Immerman	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Dr Paul Irwing is a Reader in organisational psychology at the University of Manchester.	Paul Irwing	University of Manchester
father	Povel Pedersson Paus is also noted for his poem in Latin in memory of his father Peder Povelsson Paus, the provost of Upper Telemark.	Povel Pedersson Paus	Peder Povelsson Paus
father	Machares (Greek: ο Μαχάρης; means in Persian: warrior; died 65 BC) was a Pontian prince and son of King Mithridates VI of Pontus and Queen Laodice.	Machares	Mithridates VI of Pontus
father	Stephen Tan (born in 1954), (Chinese: 陳智文) is first son of Robin Chan (Chairman of the Asia Financial Group), and grandson of Chin Sophonpanich (founder and former president of Bangkok Bank).	Stephen Tan	Robin Chan
father	Aung Thet Mann (Burmese: အောင်သက်မန်း, pronounced: (àuɴ θɛʔ máɴ); born 19 June 1977), also known as Shwe Mann Ko Ko (ရွှေမန်းကိုကို), is a Burmese businessman and currently CEO of Ayer Shwe Wah, a major Burmese company.	Aung Thet Mann	Shwe Mann
father	Ted Cruz was born on December 22, 1970, at Foothills General Hospital in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, to parents Eleanor Elizabeth (Darragh) Wilson and Rafael Bienvenido Cruz.	Ted Cruz	Rafael Bienvenido Cruz
father	Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 11th Earl of Shaftesbury (24 June 1977 -- 15 May 2005) was the eldest son of Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 10th Earl of Shaftesbury by his second marriage to the Swedish-born Christina Eva Montan.	Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 11th Earl of Shaftesbury	Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 10th Earl of Shaftesbury
father	Maher al-Assad was born on 8 December 1967, the youngest child of Aniseh Makhlouf and Hafez al-Assad.	Maher al-Assad	Hafez al-Assad
father	Cao Chong (196--208), courtesy name Cangshu, was a son of Cao Cao, a warlord who rose to power towards the end of the Han dynasty and laid the foundation of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period.	Cao Chong	Cao Cao
father	Born in Cremona, Italy, Lucia Anguissola was the third daughter of seven children born to Amilcare Anguissola and Bianca Ponzone.	Lucia Anguissola	Amilcare Anguissola
father	However, Little Current's sire, Sea Bird, had established himself as one of Europe's greatest runners with dominating victories at 1½ miles in the 1965 Epsom Derby and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.	Little Current	Sea Bird
father	Princess Jeanne Bonaparte (15 September 1861 - 25 July 1910) was a great-niece of Napoleon I of France, and the only daughter of Pierre Napoleon Bonaparte by his wife Justine Eleanore Ruflin.	Jeanne Bonaparte	Pierre Napoleon Bonaparte
father	Under his father Li Gao (Prince Wuzhao) and/or Li Xin, Li Xun successively served as the governor of Jiuquan (酒泉, roughly modern Jiuquan, Gansu) and Dunhuang Commanderies.	Li Xun	Li Gao
father	Luca Zuffi is the son of Dario Zuffi .	Luca Zuffi	Dario Zuffi
father	Princess Anne Élisabeth of France (born 18 November 1662 in Louvre d. 30 December 1662 in Louvre) - the second child and first daughter of Louis XIV of France and his Spanish wife Infanta Maria Teresa of Spain.	Princess Anne Élisabeth of France	Louis XIV of France
father	Eudoxia Epiphania (also known as Epiphania, Eudocia or Eudokia) was the only daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius and his first wife Eudokia.	Eudoxia Epiphania	Heraclius
father	René de Brosse, also René de Bretagne was the elder son of Jean III de Brosse and Louise de Laval.	René de Brosse	Jean III de Brosse
father	Istabraq was bred for the flat, being by Sadler's Wells, who won the Irish 2,000 Guineas over 1 mile.	Istabraq	Sadler's Wells
father	Jazmin Grace Grimaldi (born 4 March 1992) is the daughter of Albert II, Prince of Monaco and Tamara Rotolo, and the elder of the Prince's two known illegitimate children.	Jazmin Grace Grimaldi	Albert II
father	Archduchess Hedwig of Austria (September 24, 1896 in Bad Ischl -- November 1, 1970 in Hall in Tirol) was the daughter of Archduke Franz Salvator of Austria and his wife Marie Valerie of Austria.	Archduchess Hedwig of Austria	Archduke Franz Salvator of Austria
father	Matilda of Andechs (died 1245) was a daughter of Margrave Berthold I of Istria and his first wife, Hedwig of Dachau-Wittelsbach.	Matilda of Andechs	Berthold I of Istria
father	Born 1978 in Athens to Nea Dimokratia politicians Dora and Pavlos Bakoyannis, Kostas Bakoyannis lost his father Pavlos in 1989, when he was assassinated by the leftist terrorist group, Revolutionary Organization 17 November.	Kostas Bakoyannis	Pavlos Bakoyannis
father	Born in Beirut in 1946, Leila Al Solh is the youngest daughter of the late former Lebanese prime minister Riad Al Solh.	Leila Al Solh	Riad Al Solh
father	After the deaths of their parents, Hope Pym and her twin brother Big Man (Henry Pym Jr.) became outraged when people began referring to A-Next as the ``next generation of Avengers''.	Hope Pym	Henry Pym
father	Margaret Carnegie Miller (March 30, 1897 -- April 11, 1990) was the only child of industrialist and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie and heiress to the Carnegie fortune.	Margaret Carnegie Miller	Andrew Carnegie
father	His father was the state's only emperor, Ran Min. Ran Zhi, as Ran Min's oldest son, was created crown prince when he proclaimed the new state in 350 after overthrowing the Later Zhao emperor Shi Jian and declared himself emperor.	Ran Zhi	Ran Min
father	Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll (17 January 1801 -- 16 January 1856; born Elizabeth FitzClarence) was an illegitimate daughter of King William IV of the United Kingdom and Dorothea Jordan.	Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll	William IV of the United Kingdom
father	Stay Thirsty (foaled on 29 March 2008) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse sired by the leading stallion Bernardini.	Stay Thirsty	Bernardini
father	Elder son of Maltese writer Frans Sammut and Catherine née Cachia, Mark A. Sammut was born in 1973 in Malta.	Mark A. Sammut	Frans Sammut
father	The Honourable Gerald David Lascelles (21 August 1924 -- 27 February 1998) was the younger son of Henry Lascelles, 6th Earl of Harewood and Mary, Princess Royal, the only daughter of King George V of the United Kingdom and Mary of Teck.	Gerald David Lascelles	Henry Lascelles, 6th Earl of Harewood
father	Vipsania Marcella Agrippina or Marcellina (born 27 BC) was perhaps the only daughter to Roman statesman Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa from his second wife Claudia Marcella Major.	Vipsania Marcella	Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa
father	Artaxias IV was the son of Vramshapuh who was the previous ruling Sassanid Client King of Arsacid Armenia from 389 until 417 and his uncle was another previous ruling Sassanid Client King of Arsacid Armenia, Khosrov IV. According to modern genealogies, Artaxias IV is presented in being the grandson of Varasdates (Varazdat).	Artaxias IV	Vramshapuh
father	Ladislaus Hunyadi was the elder of the two sons of John Hunyadi, voivode of Transylvania and later regent of the Kingdom of Hungary, and Elizabeth Szilágyi.	Ladislaus Hunyadi	John Hunyadi
father	Zhao Jiande was the eldest son of King Zhao Yingqi and a Yue woman.	Zhao Jiande	Zhao Yingqi
father	Abigail Thaw was born in London to actor John Thaw and his first wife Sally Alexander, an academic/feminist activist who taught modern history at Goldsmiths College.	Abigail Thaw	John Thaw
father	Princess Lalla Meryem of Morocco (Arabic: الأميرة للا مريم‎, GCVO, born 26 August 1962 in Rome, Italy) is the first daughter and eldest child of the late King Hassan II of Morocco and his second wife, Lalla Latifa Hammou.	Princess Lalla Meryem of Morocco	Hassan II of Morocco
father	Aubrey Beauclerk, 6th Duke of St Albans (21 August 1765 -- 12 August 1815) was the son of Aubrey Beauclerk, 5th Duke of St Albans.	Aubrey Beauclerk, 6th Duke of St Albans	Aubrey Beauclerk, 5th Duke of St Albans
father	In Greek mythology, Byblis or Bublis (Ancient Greek: Βυβλίς) was a daughter of Miletus.	Byblis	Miletus
father	Rogneda of Polotsk (962--1002) is the Slavic name for Ragnhild, whose father Ragnvald (Slavic: Rogvolod) came from Scandinavia and established himself at Polatsk in the mid-10th century.	Rogneda of Polotsk	Rogvolod
father	Durai Vaiyapuri (Tamil: துரை வையாபுரி) (born 1972) is a politician and son of Vaiko, founder of Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.	Durai Vaiyapuri	Vaiko
father	Gebran Ghassan Tueni (Arabic: جبران تويني‎; 15 September 1957 -- 12 December 2005) was a Lebanese politician and the former editor and publisher of daily paper An Nahar, established by his grandfather, also named Gebran Tueni, in 1933.	Gebran Tueni	Ghassan Tueni
father	John Stafford, 1st Earl of Wiltshire KG,KB (24 November 1427 -- 8 May 1473) was an English nobleman, the youngest son of Humphrey Stafford, 1st Duke of Buckingham.	John Stafford, 1st Earl of Wiltshire	Humphrey Stafford, 1st Duke of Buckingham
father	Marguerite Norris became president of the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL after her father James E. Norris died in 1952.	Marguerite Norris	James E. Norris
father	Khutulun (c. 1260 -- c. 1306), also known as Aigiarne, Aiyurug, Khotol Tsagaan or Ay Yaruq (literally Moonlight) was the most famous daughter of Kaidu and a niece of Kublai Khan.	Khutulun	Kaidu
father	William George Beattie, locomotive engineer, was the son of Joseph Hamilton Beattie.	William George Beattie	Joseph Hamilton Beattie
father	Richard de Montfort (about 1065, in Montfort l'Amaury, Ile de France, France -- 1092), was the son of Simon I de Montfort, Count of Évreux (c. 1025 -- 1087) and Agnès d'Évreux (c. 1030 -- c. 1087).	Richard de Montfort	Simon I de Montfort
father	Cleopatra originally ruled jointly with her father, Ptolemy XII Auletes, and later with her brothers, Ptolemy XIII and Ptolemy XIV, whom she married as per Egyptian custom, but eventually she became sole ruler.	Cleopatra	Ptolemy XII Auletes
father	Thomas St Clere (28 October 1401 -- 1435) was a son of Sir Philip St Clere of Penshurst Place.	Thomas St Clere	Sir Philip St Clere
father	Ma Xifan was born in 899, during the reign of Emperor Zhaozong of Tang, as the fourth son of the warlord Ma Yin.	Ma Xifan	Ma Yin
father	The French Furze (foaled on May 10, 1994 in Ireland) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse, born to sire, Be My Guest and dam, Exciting.	The French Furze	Be My Guest
founder	The Peabody Institute was founded in 1857 by philanthropist George Peabody (1795--1869), and is the oldest conservatory in the United States.	Peabody Institute	George Peabody
founder	Open Doors was founded in 1955 by Andrew van der Bijl, a Dutchman more widely known as Brother Andrew, when he decided to smuggle Bibles to Christians he felt were being discriminated against in the then-Communist Poland.	Open Doors	Andrew van der Bijl
founder	Rasmussen Reports was founded in 2003 by Scott Rasmussen, who served as the company's president from its founding until July 2013, when he left to found the digital media company Styrk.	Rasmussen Reports	Scott Rasmussen
founder	The Zeitgeist Movement was established in 2008 by Peter Joseph and advocates a transformation of society and its economic system.	The Zeitgeist Movement	Peter Joseph
founder	Virgin Group Ltd. is a British multinational branded venture capital conglomerate founded by entrepreneur Richard Branson and Nik Powell.	Virgin Group	Richard Branson	Nik Powell
founder	Revelations Entertainment is an independent movie production company founded by actor Morgan Freeman and Lori McCreary in 1996.	Revelations Entertainment	Morgan Freeman
founder	The Morgan Motor Company was registered as a limited private company only in 1912 with ``H.F.S.'' Morgan as managing director and his father, who had invested in his son's business, as its first chairman.	Morgan Motor Company	H.F.S.'' Morgan
founder	Arab-West Report is an independent electronic magazine founded by Cornelis Hulsman and Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil in 1997, originally titled the Religious News Service from the Arab World.	Arab-West Report	Cornelis Hulsman
founder	Marv Films (also known as Marv or MARV) is a British production company owned by Matthew Vaughn.	Marv Films	Matthew Vaughn
founder	DeskSite was founded by Richard Gillam.	DeskSite	Richard Gillam
headquarters location	DigitalOptics Corporation (DOC) is a San Jose, California-based technology company that designs and manufactures imaging systems for smartphones.	DigitalOptics Corporation	San Jose
headquarters location	Outright Distribution (formerly Screentime Partners) is a global TV distribution company headquartered in London and part of the Shed Media Group.	Outright Distribution	London
headquarters location	Jerini AG was a pharmaceutical company based in Berlin, Germany, which focused on the discovery and development of novel peptide-based drugs.	Jerini	Berlin
headquarters location	The Tri-Service General Hospital (TSGH; Chinese: 三軍總醫院; pinyin: Sānjūn Zǒngyīyuàn) is a medical center in Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Tri-Service General Hospital	Taipei
headquarters location	SINTEF (Norwegian: Stiftelsen for industriell og teknisk forskning), headquartered in Trondheim, Norway, is the largest independent research organisation in Scandinavia.	SINTEF	Trondheim
headquarters location	The Century Foundation is a progressive think tank headquartered in New York City with an office in Washington, D.C. It was founded as a nonprofit public policy research institution on the belief that the prosperity and security of the United States depends on a mix of effective government, open democracy, and free markets.	The Century Foundation	New York City
headquarters location	Semitan is the company responsible for the comprehensive public transport network of Nantes Métropole, the urban community of the French city of Nantes.	Semitan	Nantes
headquarters location	Metaversum GmbH is the Berlin-based startup company behind the 3D virtual world Twinity.	Metaversum GmbH	Berlin
headquarters location	The Stockholm based studio Paradox Development Studio is the developer behind franchises such as Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings, Hearts of Iron and Victoria.	Paradox Development Studio	Stockholm
headquarters location	EXFO is headquartered in Quebec City, Canada and has approximately over 1200 employees worldwide.	EXFO	Quebec City
headquarters location	The Zumtobel Group (also known as Zumtobel AG) headquartered in Dornbirn, Austria, is a manufacturer of professional indoor and outdoor lighting, lighting management systems and lighting components as well as LED and OLED technology.	Zumtobel Group	Dornbirn
headquarters location	Mo'men (Arabic: مؤمن‎ pronounced (ˈmoʔmen)) is a chain of fast food restaurants based in Cairo, Egypt, specializing in sandwiches.	Mo'men	Egypt
headquarters location	Protective Life Corporation is a financial service holding company in Birmingham, Alabama.	Protective Life	Birmingham
headquarters location	URBNET Records is an independent record label based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	URBNET Records	Toronto
headquarters location	Kaplan International Colleges (KIC) is a division of the education company Kaplan Inc., headquartered in London and founded in 1967.	Kaplan International Colleges	London
headquarters location	Società Italiana Ernesto Breda, more usually referred to simply as Breda, was an Italian mechanical manufacturing company founded by Ernesto Breda in Milan in 1886.	Società Italiana Ernesto Breda	Milan
headquarters location	Sucker Punch Productions is an American production company founded in 1997 and based in Bellevue, Washington.	Sucker Punch Productions	Bellevue
headquarters location	Lakland Guitars is a Chicago, Illinois-based manufacturer of electric bass guitars.	Lakland	Chicago
headquarters location	Raab-Katzenstein was a 1920s German aircraft manufacturer based in Kassel.	Raab-Katzenstein	Kassel
headquarters location	Pacific Dunlop has its roots in the Irish Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company, which established the Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company of Australasia in 1893, which included a local finishing factory and office in Melbourne to supply the market with bicycle tyres.	Pacific Dunlop	Melbourne
headquarters location	ÍNN (Íslands Nýjasta Nýtt (Iceland's Newest of the New)) is a privately owned, Icelandic television station, which launched on October 2, 2007.	ÍNN	Iceland
headquarters location	Alfa System is a development and planning company from Kumamoto City, Japan.	Alfa System	Kumamoto
headquarters location	Offset Software was a video game development company based in Newport Beach, California.	Offset Software	Newport Beach
headquarters location	The Timexpo Museum in Waterbury, Connecticut is dedicated to the history of Timex Group and its predecessors, featuring exhibits going back to the founding of Waterbury Clock Company in 1854.	Timexpo Museum	Waterbury
headquarters location	UrbanGlass, located on Fulton Street in the historic 1918 Strand Theatre in the Downtown Brooklyn Cultural District is the United States' first and largest artist glass studio and the New York metropolitan area's leading glass-blowing facility.	UrbanGlass	Strand Theatre
headquarters location	Odisha State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC) has 18 divisions Berhampur Bhanjanagar Bhubaneswar Cuttack Angul Keonjhar Bargarh Balangir Sambalpur Padampur Rourkela Vizayanagaram Jeypore Bhawanipatna Phulbani Malkangiri Nabarangpur Rayagada	Odisha State Road Transport Corporation	Bhubaneswar
headquarters location	Herzog, Fox & Ne'eman (``HFN'') is a full-service commercial law firm located in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Herzog, Fox & Ne'eman	Tel Aviv
headquarters location	Deutsche Extrakt Kaffee (DEK) is a German manufacturer and distributor of instant coffee, instant coffee beverages and surrogates (coffee substitutes) based in Hamburg.	Deutsche Extrakt Kaffee	Hamburg
headquarters location	Supermono Studios is a video game publisher and application development studio based in London, UK.	Supermono Studios	London
headquarters location	The privately held company is headquartered at 105 Mezzetta Ct., American Canyon, California.	Mezzetta	American Canyon, California
headquarters location	Anovo (formerly A Novo) is a computer services company based in Beauvais, France.	Anovo	Beauvais
headquarters location	Genius Factor Games was a Canadian independent video game developer based in North Vancouver, BC, Canada.	Genius Factor Games	North Vancouver
headquarters location	Swipp is a privately held company based in Mountain View, California providing a social intelligence platform that captures, aggregates, and reports real time sentiment data via consumer and commercial applications built on their platform.	Swipp	Mountain View
headquarters location	The Rapid Motor Vehicle Company was founded in 1902 in Pontiac, Michigan, by brothers Max Grabowsky and Morris Grabowsky, who built their first pickup 1 ton truck prototype in 1900.	Rapid Motor Vehicle Company	Pontiac
headquarters location	Zabeel Investments is private investment vehicle for Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed, Crown Prince of Dubai and chairman of the Dubai executive Council.	Zabeel Investments	Dubai
headquarters location	In 1996, Tundra Books' headquarters moved to Toronto from its former home in Westmount, Quebec, a suburb of Montreal, and a new publisher, Kathy Lowinger, took over.	Tundra Books	Toronto	Westmount
headquarters location	The National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP) is a nonprofit organization founded in 1986 and based in Minneapolis, Minnesota that operates the Be The Match Registry of volunteer hematopoietic cell donors and umbilical cord blood units in the United States.	National Marrow Donor Program	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Turkcell (BİST: TCELL, NYSE: TKC) is the leading mobile phone operator of Turkey, based in Istanbul.	Turkcell	Istanbul
headquarters location	Principal offices, warehousing and production facilities for Hannover House are located in Springdale, Arkansas, near the world headquarters for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. The company also maintains an office in Los Angeles, California, and runs its publicity and promotional activities out of New York, New York.	Hannover House	Springdale, Arkansas
headquarters location	Shoppers Stop is an Indian retailing company promoted by the K Raheja Corp Group, started in the year 1991 with its first store in Andheri, Mumbai.	Shoppers Stop	Mumbai
headquarters location	The Scottish Crop Research Institute more commonly known as the SCRI was a scientific institute located in Invergowrie near Dundee, Scotland.	Scottish Crop Research Institute	Dundee
headquarters location	In bringing the community play form to Toronto, Ruth Howard and Jumblies Theatre, adapted it to reflect her evolving artistic interests and Toronto's urban community realities.	Jumblies Theatre	Toronto
headquarters location	Zero Point Zero Production, Inc. is an American production company located in New York City.	Zero Point Zero Production	New York City
headquarters location	Derecktor Shipyards is an American ship building company located in Mamaroneck, New York and founded in 1947 by Robert E. Derecktor.	Derecktor Shipyards	Mamaroneck, New York
headquarters location	Devitt Insurance Services Limited is a privately owned insurance broker based in Romford, England and have been arranging insurance in the UK since 1936.	Devitt Insurance	Romford
headquarters location	Welspun Energy Ltd (WEL) is an independent power company based in New Delhi, India.	Welspun Energy	New Delhi
headquarters location	Replacements, Ltd., based in Greensboro, North Carolina, is the world's largest retailer of china, crystal and silverware, including both patterns still available from manufactures and discontinued patterns.	Replacements, Ltd.	Greensboro
headquarters location	Vestel's headquarters and production plant are located in Manisa, while the company's parent conglomerate is the Istanbul based Zorlu Holding.	Vestel	Manisa
headquarters location	The Times of Northwest Indiana is a daily newspaper headquartered in Munster, Indiana.	The Times of Northwest Indiana	Munster
headquarters location	Founded in 2012, Expert Global Solutions, Inc., (``EGS'', formerly NCO Group), based in Plano, Texas, is the world's largest privately owned Business Process Outsourcing company with more than 100 locations globally and more than 40,000 associates.	Expert Global Solutions	Plano
headquarters location	RAFM Company, Inc. of Brantford, Ontario is a producer of miniatures, reference materials, and board games.	RAFM Company	Brantford
headquarters location	British American Tobacco plc (BAT) is a British multinational tobacco company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	British American Tobacco	London
headquarters location	Supergiant Games is an American video game development company based in San Jose, California.	Supergiant Games	San Jose
headquarters location	Banco Nossa Caixa (BM&F Bovespa: BNCA3) was a Brazilian bank listed since 2005 on the BM&F Bovespa and focused on State of São Paulo, but active in other Brazilian States.	Banco Nossa Caixa	São Paulo
headquarters location	The Hofbräuhaus am Platzl is a beer hall in Munich, Germany, originally built in 1589 by Bavarian Duke Maximilian I as an extension of the Staatliches Hofbräuhaus in München brewery.	Hofbräuhaus am Platzl	Munich
headquarters location	PDFTron Systems Incorporated is a Canadian software company headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia.	PDFTron Systems	Vancouver
headquarters location	De Koninck Brewery (Brouwerij De Koninck) is a Belgian brewery based in Antwerp (Antwerpen in Dutch).	De Koninck Brewery	Antwerp
headquarters location	The Yorkshire Patent Steam Wagon Co. was a steam wagon manufacturer in Leeds, England.	Yorkshire Patent Steam Wagon Co.	Leeds
headquarters location	LineOne was an Internet Service Provider in the United Kingdom in the 1990s.	LineOne	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Six Continents was a large British-based hotel and hospitality business which was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.	Six Continents	London
headquarters location	Truviso (pronounced true-VEE-so) is a continuous analytics, venture-backed, startup headquartered in Foster City, California developing and supporting its solution leveraging PostgreSQL, to deliver a proprietary analytics solutions for net-centric customers.	Truviso	Foster City
headquarters location	Federal Signal Corporation is a global corporation with about 2,800 employees located in Oak Brook, Illinois.	Federal Signal Corporation	Oak Brook
headquarters location	Harley-Davidson India is a wholly owned subsidiary of Harley-Davidson, based in Gurgaon, Haryana, India.	Harley-Davidson India	Gurgaon
headquarters location	PRA Group, Inc. or PRA, is an American debt buyer based in Norfolk, Virginia.	PRA Group	Norfolk
headquarters location	Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) is an American independent professional wrestling promotion based in Louisville, Kentucky.	Ohio Valley Wrestling	Louisville
headquarters location	Tube Lines Limited, initially known as 'Infraco JNP' (an amalgamation of Infrastructure + Company), is an asset-management company responsible for the maintenance, renewal and upgrade of the infrastructure, including track, trains, signals, civil work and stations, of three London Underground lines.	Tube Lines	London
headquarters location	Università Iuav di Venezia (founded in 1926 as Istituto Universitario di Architettura di Venezia (``higher institute of architecture of Venice'') is a university in Venice, Italy.	Università Iuav di Venezia	Venice
headquarters location	Located in the center of Stockholm, A Side Productions writes and produces songs for artists such as Il Divo, Leona Lewis, Shayne Ward and Paul Potts to mention a few.	A Side Productions	Stockholm
headquarters location	Robeco is an originally Dutch asset management firm, since 2013 part of Orix, founded in 1929 as the Rotterdamsch Beleggings Consortium (Rotterdam Investment Consortium).	Robeco	Rotterdam
headquarters location	Stoneham Drilling Trust, was an income trust headquartered in Calgary, Alberta that provided contract drilling services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies operating in western Canada.	Stoneham Drilling	Calgary
headquarters location	Firebrand Games is a video game development company with studios in Glasgow, Scotland, Florida, USA, and Baton Rouge, USA.	Firebrand Games	Glasgow
headquarters location	With over 100 employees in two investment offices in London and Munich, HgCapital has assets under management of £5.2 billion, serving over 100 highly regarded institutional investors, including private and public pension funds, endowments, insurance companies and fund of funds.	HgCapital	London
headquarters location	The Maritime Circle Line (MCL) is a private harbor cruise line and operator in the Port of Hamburg, Germany, established by Gregor Mogi in 2007.	Maritime Circle Line	Hamburg
headquarters location	H. C. Stülcken Sohn (also known as Stülcken-Werft) was a German shipbuilding company located in Hamburg and founded in 1846 by Heinrich Christoph Stülcken.	H. C. Stülcken Sohn	Hamburg
headquarters location	The Thomas B. Fordham Institute is an ideologically conservative American nonprofit education policy think tank with offices in Washington, D.C., Columbus, Ohio, and Dayton, Ohio.	Thomas B. Fordham Institute	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	ThermoSpas, Inc. is an American brand of hot tubs, headquartered in Wallingford, Connecticut.	ThermoSpas	Wallingford
headquarters location	The Taiwan Cooperative Bank (TCB; Chinese: 合作金庫銀行; pinyin: Hézuò Jīnkù Yínháng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ha̍p-chok-gîn-khò͘-gîn-hâng) is a publicly listed bank headquartered in Taipei City, Taiwan.	Taiwan Cooperative Bank	Taipei
headquarters location	EDP Renováveis (English: EDP Renewables, EDPR) is a leading renewable energy company registered in Oviedo and headquartered in Madrid that designs, develops, manages and operates power plants that generate electricity using renewable energy sources.	EDP Renováveis	Oviedo
headquarters location	Arc @ UNSW Limited is the student organisation at the University of New South Wales (UNSW) and is a not-for-profit public company based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Arc @ UNSW Limited	Sydney
headquarters location	Pikolin is a Spanish mattress manufacturer headquartered in Zaragoza.	Pikolin	Zaragoza
headquarters location	Cox & King were a British firm based in London in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Cox & King	London
headquarters location	Hansa-Flex is a German industrial company in the fluid technology sector with its headquarters in Bremen and specialises in the development and manufacture of hydraulics components and the associated services.	Hansa-Flex	Bremen
headquarters location	Global Load Control is a subsidiary company of the Lufthansa Group, and was established in Cape Town, South Africa in 2004.	Global Load Control	Cape Town
headquarters location	Armadillo Aerospace was an aerospace startup company based in Mesquite, Texas.	Armadillo Aerospace	Mesquite, Texas
headquarters location	The Wine Group is an American alcoholic-beverage company founded in 1981 and based in Livermore, California.	The Wine Group	Livermore
headquarters location	Hormuud Telecom Somalia Inc. is a privately held telecommunications company based in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Hormuud Telecom	Mogadishu
headquarters location	Cotton On was founded in 1991, with the first store being opened in Geelong, Australia.	Cotton On	Geelong
headquarters location	AGH University of Science and Technology (Polish Akademia Górniczo-Hutnicza im. Stanisława Staszica) is the technical university in Poland, located in Kraków.	AGH University of Science and Technology	Kraków
headquarters location	Red Touch Media currently has operations in Salt Lake City, London, Liverpool, Cape Town, New York and Los Angeles.	Red Touch Media	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Komercijalna banka (full legal name: Komercijalna banka a.d. Beograd) is a bank founded in 1970 with headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia.	Komercijalna banka	Belgrade
headquarters location	Brixton plc was a British-based property business headquartered in London.	Brixton plc	London
headquarters location	NAVV is an on-board turn-by-turn navigation application for the iPhone produced by Amsterdam company Appstores B.V in 2010.	NAVV	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Mapletree Investments Pte Ltd (Chinese: 丰树产业私人有限公司) is a leading real estate development, investment and capital management company headquartered in Singapore.	Mapletree Investments	Singapore
headquarters location	BookThug is a literary press in Toronto, founded in 2003, which concentrates on experimental poetry.	BookThug	Toronto
headquarters location	Automic has locations in Vienna, Paris, and Bellevue, Washington, with satellite offices in Australia, Montreal, Dubai, Germany, Hanoi, Hong Kong, London, Singapore, Switzerland, and additional U.S. locations.	Automic	Vienna
headquarters location	Canada Car Company was a railcar manufacturer based in Turcot, Quebec (a suburb in Montreal), and later merged with several other companies to form Canadian Car and Foundry in 1909.	Canada Car Company	Montreal
headquarters location	X-Yachts was founded by brothers Niels and Lars Jeppesen with Birger Hansen, in Haderslev, Denmark.	X-Yachts	Haderslev
headquarters location	Telescene was a Canadian television production company based in Montreal, which closed down in 2001.	Telescene	Montreal
headquarters location	On 25 June 2012, Haryana State Industries and Infrastructure Development Corporation demanded Maruti Suzuki to pay an additional Rs 235 crore for enhanced land acquisition for its Haryana plant expansion.	Maruti Suzuki	Haryana
headquarters location	Esurance, which is based out of San Francisco, had by that time expanded to offering policies in 24 states, but had also just laid off staff and was actively soliciting a purchaser.	Esurance	San Francisco
headquarters location	On January 31, 2013, an explosion occurred at the administrative offices of Pemex in Mexico City.	Pemex	Mexico City
headquarters location	Mastretta Cars is a Mexican car maker and design studio established by industrial designer Daniel Mastretta in Mexico City in 1987.	Mastretta	Mexico City
headquarters location	TST Overland Express is a less than truckload carrier (LTL) located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	TST Overland Express	Mississauga
headquarters location	BOXX Technologies has been located in Austin, Texas since 1998.	BOXX Technologies	Austin
headquarters location	Jabiru Aircraft Pty Ltd is an Australian aircraft manufacturer that produces a range of kit- and ready-built civil light aircraft in Bundaberg, Queensland.	Jabiru Aircraft	Bundaberg
headquarters location	Joplings was a department store, located in Sunderland, England, which was part of the former Vergo Retail Ltd. group of department stores.	Joplings	Sunderland
headquarters location	Bradco Supply was founded in 1966 by Barry Segal, with a single warehouse in Avenel, New Jersey.	Bradco Supply	Avenel, New Jersey
headquarters location	The International Day of Pink is run by youth volunteers from Jer's Vision, in Ottawa, Canada.	International Day of Pink	Canada
headquarters location	The Kellett Autogiro Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer from 1929 based in Philadelphia, named after founder W. Wallace Kellett (1891; July 23, 1951).	Kellett Autogiro Corporation	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Skidmore Studio is a multi-disciplinary design studio headquartered in Detroit, Michigan.	Skidmore Studio	Detroit
headquarters location	VSI Translation & Subtitling BV (a.k.a. VSI Amsterdam) is a provider of subtitle captioning, voice-over, translation and post-production services within the broadcast and corporate communications industries.	VSI Translation & Subtitling BV	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Founded in 2008 and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, XebiaLabs was originally backed by Xebia, an international IT conglomerate based in the Netherlands.	XebiaLabs	Boston
headquarters location	Analog Devices, Inc., also known as ADI or Analog, is an American multinational semiconductor company specializing in data conversion and signal processing technology, headquartered in Norwood, Massachusetts.	Analog Devices	Norwood
headquarters location	Saint-Gobain S.A. is a French multinational corporation, founded in 1665 in Paris and headquartered on the outskirts of Paris, at La Défense and in Courbevoie.	Saint-Gobain	Courbevoie
headquarters location	The next addition was Quebec based The Solidarity followed by 87-year-old Seaboard life Insurance of Vancouver (eventually became Industrial Alliance Pacific).	Industrial Alliance	Quebec
headquarters location	Orbea is a bicycle manufacturer in Mallabia, Basque Country.	Orbea	Mallabia
headquarters location	Airport Freight Forwarding Centre (AFFC) (Chinese: 機場空運中心) is the leading warehouse service provider in Hong Kong and the only warehousing and office facility at the Hong Kong International Airport in Chek Lap Kok, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Airport Freight Forwarding Centre	New Territories
headquarters location	Richwood Area Community Hospital is a former hospital located in Richwood, West Virginia.	Richwood Area Community Hospital	Richwood, West Virginia
headquarters location	Brennan Motor Manufacturing Company (1897--1972) of Syracuse, New York was an early manufacturer of automobile engines.	Brennan Motor Manufacturing Company	Syracuse
headquarters location	Enercon GmbH, based in Aurich, Lower Saxony, Germany, is the fourth-largest wind turbine manufacturer in the world and has been the market leader in Germany since the mid-nineties.	Enercon	Aurich
headquarters location	Almirall, S.A. (Ticker Bolsa de Madrid: ALM) is a pharmaceutical company, with headquarters in Barcelona, founded in 1943 and dedicated to providing medicines through its own R+D, agreements and alliances.	Almirall	Barcelona
headquarters location	Selling Energy's headquarters are in the SOMA district of San Francisco, California.	Selling Energy	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Regional Development Fund was headquartered in Oslo.	Regional Development Fund	Oslo
headquarters location	Olympian Publishing is a publishing house with offices in Chicago, IL, USA.	Olympian Publishing	Chicago
headquarters location	The network is headquartered in the Comcast Building (formerly known as the GE Building) at Rockefeller Center in New York City, with additional major offices near Los Angeles (at Universal City Plaza), Chicago (at the NBC Tower) and soon in Philadelphia at Comcast Innovation and Technology Center.	NBC	New York City
headquarters location	A&B Sound was a Canadian home electronics retailer based in Richmond, British Columbia.	A&B Sound	Richmond
headquarters location	Jimmyjane is a privately held company in San Francisco, California that produces high-end, design-oriented sexual accessories including vibrators and sex toys.	Jimmyjane	San Francisco
headquarters location	West Channel is a Greek local channel which broadcasts from the city of Kozani for the periphery of West Macedonia.	West Channel	Kozani
headquarters location	New Dragon Asia's head office is in Longkou, Shandong Province, China with a corporate office in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province.	New Dragon Asia	Longkou
headquarters location	Indiabulls is an Indian group with its Headquarters in Gurgaon and Corporate Office in Mumbai.	Indiabulls	Mumbai
headquarters location	SBB Cargo International is a rail transport business founded as a joint venture between SBB Cargo and Hupac The headquarters will be at Olten.	SBB Cargo International	Olten
headquarters location	Menlo Ventures is a venture capital firm located at 2884 Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California.	Menlo Ventures	Menlo Park
headquarters location	Dolphin Air was a charter airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dolphin Air	Dubai
headquarters location	Media Vision was an American electronics manufacturer of primarily computer sound cards and CD-ROM kits, operating from 1990 to approximately 1995 in Fremont, California.	Media Vision	Fremont
headquarters location	BMW Brilliance (officially BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd.) is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Shenyang, China and a joint venture between BMW and Brilliance Auto. Its principal activity is the production, distribution and sale of BMW passenger cars in mainland China.	BMW Brilliance	Shenyang
headquarters location	Centrica plc is a British multinational utility company with its headquarters in Windsor, Berkshire.	Centrica	Windsor
headquarters location	Northumberland Brewery is a small brewery which was located in Bomarsund, near Bedlington in Northumberland, England.	Northumberland Brewery	Bedlington
headquarters location	ViiV Healthcare's headquarters are in Brentford in the United Kingdom and it has sites in a number of other countries including; the United States, Australia, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Russia, Spain and Switzerland.	ViiV Healthcare	Brentford
headquarters location	With its main offices in Austevoll, DOF ASA is the holding company for DOF Subsea AS in Norway and NorSkan Offshore Ltda in Brazil.	DOF ASA	Austevoll
headquarters location	The Daimler Company Limited, until 1910 The Daimler Motor Company Limited, was an independent British motor vehicle manufacturer founded in London by H. J. Lawson in 1896, which set up its manufacturing base in Coventry.	Daimler Company	Coventry
headquarters location	Sanctuary Records Group Limited is a record label based in the United Kingdom and a subsidiary of BMG Rights Management.	Sanctuary Records Group	United Kingdom
headquarters location	The company was founded in Geneva by Philippe Charriol, a French entrepreneur.	Charriol	Geneva
headquarters location	Teufel Nursery is a family-owned landscaping company based in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Teufel Nursery	Hillsboro
headquarters location	L.K.Bennett is an international luxury fashion brand, based in London, England.	L.K.Bennett	London
headquarters location	BBA Aviation plc is a British multinational aviation services company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	BBA Aviation	London
headquarters location	Valve Corporation (also known as Valve Software, commonly referred to as Valve) is an American video game developer and digital distribution company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, United States.	Valve Corporation	Bellevue
headquarters location	Since 1987, Alm. Brand has been based in Company House on Middle Pier in the Southern Freeport area of Copenhagen.	Alm. Brand	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Léon Bollée Automobiles was a French company founded by Léon Bollée in Le Mans to build a first vehicle called ``Voiturette''.	Léon Bollée Automobiles	Le Mans
headquarters location	Flying Bison Brewing Company is a brewery in Buffalo, New York, USA, in the city's Riverside neighborhood.	Flying Bison Brewing Company	Buffalo
headquarters location	In 1957 Rotork moved to Bath, initially operating from Widcombe Manor, Jeremy Fry's home, with 12 staff.	Rotork	Bath
headquarters location	Chemical Diversity (ChemDiv) is a contract research organization headquartered in San Diego, California, with subsidiaries in Russia and Ukraine.	Chemical Diversity	San Diego
headquarters location	Northpower Limited (Northpower) is an electricity distribution company, based in Whangarei, New Zealand.	Northpower	Whangarei
headquarters location	The UK Holiday Group Ltd. or simply referred to as UKHG is a British privately owned package holiday company based in Norwich, United Kingdom specializing in holidays for elderly couples.	The UK Holiday Group	Norwich
headquarters location	Premama, Inc. (labeled Premama, formerly Priwater, Inc.) is a producer of prenatal vitamin drink mixes, based in Providence, Rhode Island.	Premama	Providence
headquarters location	Julien's Restorator (ca.1793-1823) was a restaurant in Boston, Massachusetts, established by French-born Jean Baptiste Gilbert Payplat dis Julien.	Julien's Restorator	Boston
headquarters location	Ulysse Nardin is a luxury Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1846 in Le Locle, Switzerland, which has remained in continuous production since.	Ulysse Nardin	Le Locle
headquarters location	Mercedes-Benz U.S. International (MBUSI) is a Mercedes-Benz automobile manufacturing plant near Vance, Alabama.	Mercedes-Benz U.S. International	Vance
headquarters location	Founded in 2003, InvenSense is headquartered in San Jose, California with offices in Wilmington, Massachusetts, China, Korea, Japan, Slovakia and Taiwan.	InvenSense	San Jose
headquarters location	Pamir Airways was a privately owned airline headquartered in Kabul, Afghanistan, operating scheduled passenger flights out of Kabul International Airport.	Pamir Airways	Kabul
headquarters location	TopCashBack is a cashback website based in the UK, with offices in Stafford (Staffordshire), Bolton (Greater Manchester) and Charing Cross (London), as well as international offices in New Jersey (U.S.) and Bangalore (India).	TopCashBack	Stafford
headquarters location	TriWest Healthcare Alliance is a Phoenix, Arizona based corporation that manages health benefits under the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) VAPCCC program in Regions 3, 5, and 6.	TriWest Healthcare Alliance	Phoenix
headquarters location	Rotor Flight Dynamics Inc is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Wimauma, Florida and owned by Ernie Boyette.	Rotor Flight Dynamics	Wimauma, Florida
headquarters location	Klaipėdos Nafta is an operator of the Klaipėda Oil Terminal based in Klaipėda, Lithuania.	Klaipėdos Nafta	Klaipėda
headquarters location	Clarius Entertainment is an American entertainment film distribution company headquartered in Los Angeles.	Clarius Entertainment	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Interstate General Media, LLC is a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania based company founded in 2012 that operates newspapers and online news sources that it owns.	Interstate General Media	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Bookmans stores are located in Tucson, Mesa, Phoenix and Flagstaff.	Bookmans	Tucson
headquarters location	VideoGamer.com (formerly known as Pro-G) is a London-based website focused on video game news, reviews, previews and videos.	VideoGamer.com	London
headquarters location	Siemens Financial Services GmbH is a subsidiary of Siemens AG. The company's global headquarters is in Munich, Germany.	Siemens Financial Services	Munich
headquarters location	Sangikyo Corporation has many branches aside from their main headquarters located in Yokohama, Japan.	Sangikyo Corporation	Yokohama
headquarters location	A4Tech Co., Ltd. is a Taiwanese computer hardware and electronics company headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan.	A4Tech	Taiwan
headquarters location	Indesit Company (/ˈɪndɪsɪt/; Italian pronunciation: (ˈindezit)) is an Italian company based in Fabriano, Ancona province.	Indesit Company	Fabriano
headquarters location	Founded in 1866, in San Francisco, California, the Pacific Rolling Mill Company was the West's first iron and steel producing foundry.	Pacific Rolling Mill Company	San Francisco
headquarters location	Crossword Bookstores Ltd. is a chain of bookstores in India based in Mumbai.	Crossword Bookstores	Mumbai
headquarters location	Vox Lumiere is a Los Angeles-based theater/concert production and company.	Vox Lumiere	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Adeptus Health Inc. is a health care provider based in Lewisville.	Adeptus Health	Lewisville
headquarters location	Wuzhoulong Motors is a bus and coaches manufacturer in Shenzhen, China.	Wuzhoulong	Shenzhen
headquarters location	The name of the bank was changed to Syndicate Bank Limited in 1964 and the head office of the bank was shifted to Manipal.	Syndicate Bank	Manipal
headquarters location	GRGDN is a Turkish music production and artist management company as well as a record label based in Istanbul.	GRGDN	Istanbul
headquarters location	Alex and Ani is an American retailer and producer of jewelry located in Cranston, Rhode Island.	Alex and Ani	Cranston, Rhode Island
headquarters location	Birkenstock Orthopädie GmbH & Co. KG is a shoe manufacturer headquartered in Neustadt (Wied), Germany.	Birkenstock	Neustadt (Wied
headquarters location	Legally, Rosbank is registered as an public joint-stock company (PJSC) and headquartered in Moscow.	Rosbank	Moscow
headquarters location	Benefis Health System is a nonprofit independent health care system based in the city of Great Falls in the state of Montana in the United States.	Benefis Health System	Great Falls
headquarters location	In 1989 PPU Software A/S defined a new strategy based on a new base technology, which was encapsulated in a subsidiary called PPU Maconomy A/S. The Maconomy headquarters were located in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Maconomy	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Jet Asia Airways (Thai: สายการบินเจ็ทเอเซีย) is a Thai airline based out of Suvarnabhumi International Airport in Bangkok, Thailand.	Jet Asia Airways	Bangkok
headquarters location	AS220 is a non-profit community arts center located in Downtown, Providence, Rhode Island, United States.	AS220	Providence
headquarters location	The Umma Islamic Party is a political party in Saudi Arabia that was formed on 10 February 2011 in response to the Arab Spring.	Umma Islamic Party	Saudi Arabia
headquarters location	DataViz, Inc. is a software company located in Milford, Connecticut.	DataViz	Milford
headquarters location	BofI Federal Bank is an American financial institution headquartered in San Diego, California.	BofI Federal Bank	San Diego
headquarters location	The Holt Manufacturing Company traces its roots to the 1883 founding of Stockton Wheel Service in Stockton, California, United States.	Holt Manufacturing Company	Stockton
headquarters location	Mieschke Hofmann und Partner GmbH (MHP) is a global consultancy based in Ludwigsburg, Germany, specializing in IT and process consulting in the automotive and manufacturing sectors.	Mieschke Hofmann und Partner	Ludwigsburg
headquarters location	Treasury Holdings was formed in 1989 with its first serious development being the Treasury Building on Grand Canal Street on Dublin's southside.	Treasury Holdings	Dublin
headquarters location	KHS Bicycles, Inc. of Los Angeles, California is the designer and U.S. distributor of KHS Bicycles, Manhattan Cruisers and Free Agent BMX Bicycles.	KHS Bicycles	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Cosmos Hotel Moscow is located in north-central Moscow in a green zone on one of the city's major streets, Mira Avenue, 20 minutes drive from the city centre.	Cosmos Hotel	Moscow
headquarters location	The Associated Press (AP) is an American multinational nonprofit news agency headquartered in New York City.	Associated Press	New York City
headquarters location	American Standard Brands is a North American manufacturer of plumbing fixtures, sold under the American Standard, Crane, Fiat, Sanymetal, and Showerite, based in Piscataway, New Jersey, United States.	American Standard Brands	Piscataway
headquarters location	Hansa Records (also known as Hansa, Hansa Musik Produktion or Hansa International) was a record label founded in the 1960s based in Berlin, Germany.	Hansa Records	Berlin
headquarters location	Choices Markets is a Vancouver-based supermarket chain that is focused on natural and organic food.	Choices Market	Vancouver
headquarters location	Bearno's Pizza is a pizza franchise based in Louisville, Kentucky with about 14 locations in Kentucky and Indiana.	Bearno's	Louisville
headquarters location	JamiQ Private Limited is a Singapore-based social media monitoring company.	JamiQ	Singapore
headquarters location	Elcom Technology Pty Ltd is a privately held software company based in Sydney, Australia.	Elcom Technology	Sydney
headquarters location	In May 2007, J. Press moved to 380 Madison Avenue in New York City, which closed indefinitely in 2014.	J. Press	New York City
headquarters location	Paul Teufel & Cie Photogerätebau is a Trading company for photographic and optical equipment and until the 1980s manufacturer of enlargers and photo lab requirement in Stuttgart, Germany.	Paul Teufel & Cie Photogerätebau	Stuttgart
headquarters location	PT. Krakatau Wajatama (English: Krakatau Wajatama Company Limited) is a company which produce Bars and Sections steel company based in Cilegon, Banten.	Krakatau Wajatama	Cilegon
headquarters location	The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP), with its head office in Calgary, Alberta, is an influential lobby group that represents the upstream Canadian oil and natural gas industry.	Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers	Calgary
headquarters location	Noxxon Pharma AG is a small-to-medium-sized company founded in year 1997 in Berlin, Germany and since then is headquartered there.	Noxxon Pharma	Berlin
headquarters location	Virtual Reality & Multi Media Park is an Italian company based in the former film studios Fert in Turin, Italy.	Virtual Reality & Multi Media Park	Turin
headquarters location	Notcutts was founded in Woodbridge, Suffolk, in 1897, and remains a family-owned business.	Notcutts	Woodbridge
headquarters location	Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. (/ˈbuːz ˈælən ˈhæməltən/, informally: Booz Allen) is an American management consulting firm headquartered in Tysons Corner, Virginia, in Greater Washington DC, with 80 other offices throughout the United States.	Booz Allen Hamilton	Tysons Corner
headquarters location	The Eppley Hotel Company was located in Omaha, Nebraska.	Eppley Hotel Company	Omaha
headquarters location	Portalarium, Inc. is a video game developer based in Austin, Texas that was formed in September 2009.	Portalarium	Austin
headquarters location	C3 Presents is a concert promotion, event production and artist management company based out of Austin, Texas.	C3 Presents	Austin
headquarters location	In a December 2009 letter to their customers, Florida Tile announced that its headquarters would be relocating to Lexington, Kentucky sometime in 2010.	Florida Tile	Lexington
headquarters location	Intratec was a firearm company based in Miami, Florida.	Intratec	Miami
headquarters location	SportA is located in Maxvorstadt, Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	SportA	Munich
headquarters location	Projet Montréal is a municipal political party in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Projet Montréal	Montreal
headquarters location	Pixetell was the flagship product of Ontier, a company established in Portland, Oregon in 2008, and acquired in 2011.	Pixetell	Portland
headquarters location	Dardanel is a Turkish food pacakger based in the town of Çanakkale, Turkey, on the Dardanelles strait.	Dardanel	Çanakkale
headquarters location	The Big Sandy Area Development District office is located at 110 Resource Court in Prestonsburg, Kentucky.	Big Sandy Area Development District	Prestonsburg
headquarters location	Brilliance Auto Group (officially HuaChen Group Auto Holding Co., Ltd.) is a Chinese automobile manufacturer headquartered in Shenyang, Liaoning, China.	Brilliance Auto	Shenyang
headquarters location	Bürgerliches Brauhaus München Public Limited Company was a nineteenth-century large-scale brewery in Munich.	Bürgerliches Brauhaus	Munich
headquarters location	Cargolink has a fleet of five shunters at their port in Drammen, in addition to three Di 6 diesel locomotives and three TRAXX electric locomotives for main haulage.	Cargolink	Drammen
headquarters location	The Probinsya Muna Development Initiative is a provincial political party in the Philippines based in Cebu.	Probinsya Muna Development Initiative	Cebu
headquarters location	Mitchell International, Inc. is a Privately held company software service provider founded in 1946 and based in San Diego, California.	Mitchell International, Inc.	San Diego
headquarters location	Hutton Companies is one of Southern California's leading real estate developers, based in Orange County, California, United States.	Hutton Companies	Orange County
headquarters location	Porsche Design Group (Porsche Lizenz- und Handelsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG), based in Ludwigsburg, Germany, was founded in November 2003 as a majority-owned subsidiary of Porsche AG to combine Porsche AG's and Porsche Design Group's accessories and licensing business into one single company.	Porsche Design Group	Ludwigsburg
headquarters location	The Brick House (also known as The Brycc House) is a community center in Louisville, Kentucky that was inspired by and modeled upon ABC No Rio in New York City.	The Brick House	Louisville
headquarters location	Alcatel-Lucent S.A. (French pronunciation: ​(alkatɛl lysɛnt)) was a French global telecommunications equipment company, headquartered in Boulogne-Billancourt, France.	Alcatel-Lucent	Boulogne-Billancourt
headquarters location	The history of Van Lanschot Bankiers dates back to 1737, when Cornelis van Lanschot founded a trading house in 's-Hertogenbosch.	Van Lanschot	's-Hertogenbosch
headquarters location	Energiselskapet Buskerud, branded as EB is a power company based in Drammen, Norway.	Energiselskapet Buskerud	Drammen
headquarters location	Lionel, LLC is an American designer and importer of toy trains and model railroads that is based in Concord, North Carolina.	Lionel, LLC	Concord, North Carolina
headquarters location	Headquartered in Washington, D.C., BGR Capital & Trade has an office in London's West End as well as affiliates in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.	BGR Capital & Trade	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Falck Group is an Italian company located in Sesto San Giovanni.	Falck Group	Sesto San Giovanni
headquarters location	Hansard Global plc is a financial services business operating out of the Isle of Man.	Hansard Global	Isle of Man
headquarters location	Levitt Bernstein is an architecture, landscape architecture and urban design practice established in 1968 by David Levitt and David Bernstein with studios in London and Manchester.	Levitt Bernstein	London
headquarters location	The first Versace boutique was opened in Milan's Via della Spiga in 1978.	Versace	Milan
headquarters location	The Centre for Social Innovation is a social enterprise based in Toronto, Canada, that specializes in the creation of shared workspaces for people or organizations with a social mission.	Centre for Social Innovation	Toronto
headquarters location	LizardTech is a geospatial software company headquartered in Seattle, Washington, notable for transferring the wavelet-based MrSID image encoding and viewing technology from initial development by the U.S. government to the geospatial market.	LizardTech	Seattle
headquarters location	Headquartered in Bern, The Swiss Broadcasting Corporation is a non-profit organisation, funded mainly through radio and television licence fees (70%) and making the remaining income from advertising and sponsorship.	Swiss Broadcasting Corporation	Bern
headquarters location	Temenos Group AG (SWX: TEMN) is a company specialising in software for financial services, with its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland.	Temenos Group	Geneva
headquarters location	The OSTC Group, or OSTC Limited, is a proprietary trading and electronic market making firm based in London, United Kingdom.	OSTC Group	London
headquarters location	The Park Hotels is a collection of contemporary luxury five-star boutique hotels in India belonging to the Apeejay Surrendra Group, headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	The Park Hotels	Kolkata
headquarters location	Aculab's international headquarters and R&D facilities are located in Milton Keynes, UK, with important branch offices in Norwood, Massachusetts, USA and Munich, Germany.	Aculab	Milton Keynes
headquarters location	Pacific Coast Feather Company is a Seattle-based manufacturer of basic bedding including pillows, comforters, sheets, and featherbeds.	Pacific Coast Feather Company	Seattle
headquarters location	Mythic Entertainment (which has also been known as BioWare Mythic, EA Mythic, Inc. and Interworld Productions) was a video game developer in Fairfax, Virginia that was most widely recognized for developing the 2001 massively multiplayer online role-playing game Dark Age of Camelot.	Mythic Entertainment	Fairfax
headquarters location	Ridley's Family Markets is a family-owned chain of grocery stores based in Jerome, Idaho.	Ridley's Family Markets	Jerome
headquarters location	The Groupe Latécoère is an aircraft company based in Toulouse, France.	Groupe Latécoère	Toulouse
headquarters location	PPHU Ekolot is a Polish aircraft manufacturer based in Korczyna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, with its factory in Krosno.	Ekolot	Korczyna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
headquarters location	IE Business School is a graduate school located in Madrid, Spain.	IE Business School	Madrid
headquarters location	Opengear is a global computer network technology company headquartered in Sandy, UT, U.S., with R&D operations in Brisbane, Qld, Australia.	Opengear	Sandy
headquarters location	Brugal has three distilleries, one in Puerto Plata and two in San Pedro de Macorís.	Brugal	Puerto Plata
headquarters location	ItsOn is an American telecommunications company based in Redwood City, California that develops cloud-based solutions for enhancing the performance of mobile networks.	ItsOn	Redwood City
headquarters location	PZL (Państwowe Zakłady Lotnicze - State Aviation Works) was the main Polish aerospace manufacturer of the interwar period, based in Warsaw, functioning in 1928-1939.	PZL	Warsaw
headquarters location	Phillips Cycles Ltd. was a British bicycle manufacturer based in Smethwick near Birmingham, England.	Phillips Cycles	Smethwick
headquarters location	Acme Mills Company is a privately held textiles conversion and finishing company based in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.	Acme Mills	Bloomfield Hills
headquarters location	Sany (officially Sany Heavy Industry Co., Ltd.) (SSE: 600031) is a Chinese multinational heavy machinery manufacturing company headquartered in Changsha, Hunan Province.	Sany	Changsha
headquarters location	Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group is one of the world's largest hotel groups, with headquarters in Minneapolis and Brussels, Belgium.	Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group	Brussels
headquarters location	Located in Columbus, Ohio, the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption is a national nonprofit public charity dedicated to dramatically increasing the adoptions of the more than 134,000 children waiting in North America's foster care systems.	Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption	Columbus
headquarters location	E-Z Moving is a moving company located at Salt Lake City known for taking on outsourced relocation hassles such as moving furniture, appliances etc.	E-Z Moving	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Eagle Insurance is a vehicle insurance agency based in Chicago, Illinois, which has been serving residents of the metropolitan area since 1961.	Eagle Insurance	Chicago
headquarters location	Speedo International Ltd. is a manufacturer and distributor of swimwear and swim-related accessories based in Nottingham, UK.	Speedo	Nottingham
headquarters location	SSE plc (formerly Scottish and Southern Energy plc) is a British energy company headquartered in Perth, Scotland.	SSE plc	Perth
headquarters location	Forum Snowboarding is a line of snowboards created by Four Star Distribution and pro snowboarder Peter Line in Irvine, California in 1996.	Forum Snowboarding	Irvine
headquarters location	Bell Pottinger Private (legally BPP Communications Ltd.; informally Bell Pottinger) is a British multinational public relations and marketing company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Bell Pottinger	London
headquarters location	Camille's Sidewalk Cafe is a restaurant franchise headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, specializing in healthful, ``fast casual'' cuisine.	Camille's Sidewalk Cafe	Tulsa
headquarters location	Revillon Frères (Revillon Brothers) was a French fur and luxury goods company, founded in Paris in 1723.	Revillon Frères	Paris
headquarters location	Klein Modellbahn was an Austrian model railway manufacturer, founded in 1984 in Vienna, where they are currently based.	Klein Modellbahn	Vienna
headquarters location	Scan-Optics LLC, founded in 1968, is an enterprise content management services company and optical character recognition and image scanner manufacturer headquartered in Manchester, Connecticut, USA.	Scan-Optics	Manchester
headquarters location	Localiza is a Brazilian car rental company founded in 1973 in Belo Horizonte and is the biggest car rental in Latin América and one of the largest in the world.	Localiza	Belo Horizonte
headquarters location	Dr. H. Oidtmann GmbH is a Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung based in Linnich, Germany.	Dr. H. Oidtmann	Linnich
headquarters location	Nemesis Rail is a railway maintenance and spot-hire company, based in the former British Railways wagon works on Derby Road, Burton upon Trent, England.	Nemesis Rail	Burton upon Trent
headquarters location	SkySails GmbH & Co. KG is a Hamburg-based company that sells equipment to propel cargo ships, large yachts and fishing vessels by the use of wind energy.	SkySails	Hamburg
headquarters location	River Media is based in Letterkenny, Donegal but it also has offices in Derry City, Dungiven, Buncrana, Donegal Town and Kildare.	River Media	Letterkenny
headquarters location	INK Entertainment is a hospitality and entertainment company headquartered in Toronto that maintains various properties; mostly nightclubs and restaurants, as well as a country club, two annual music festivals, two talent agencies, and a hotel currently under construction.	INK Entertainment	Toronto
headquarters location	DataMirror Corporation, founded in 1993, is a computer software company based in Markham, Ontario, Canada with offices in several countries.	DataMirror	Markham
headquarters location	Annalee Dolls, Inc., also known as Annalee Mobilitee Dolls Inc., and AMD Holdings Inc., is a company located in Meredith, New Hampshire, that manufactures collectible dolls.	Annalee Dolls	Meredith
headquarters location	Primo Smallgoods, based in Chullora in Western Sydney, Australia, is the largest producer of ham, bacon and smallgoods in the Southern Hemisphere.	Primo Smallgoods	Sydney
headquarters location	The central Univé organization consists of two large insurance companies, namely a life insurer, based in Assen and a health insurer in Alkmaar.	Univé	Assen
headquarters location	The Revoz factory is located in Novo Mesto, covering 584,000 square meters.	Revoz	Novo Mesto
headquarters location	Telit Communications PLC is a global provider of wireless machine to machine (M2M) technology and value-added services including connectivity cloud and PaaS Application Enablement Services headquartered in London, UK.	Telit	London
headquarters location	Doublesix is a subsidiary of Kuju Entertainment based in Guildford that develops video games for the digital download market.	Doublesix	Guildford
headquarters location	Tribal Sports Management (TSM) was founded in Melbourne by Lou Sticca in 2000, to represent professional footballers in contract negotiations and career pathways.	Tribal Sports Management	Melbourne
headquarters location	The label was purchased by a joint US venture in New York City, Coogi Partners LLC, in 2002, and the brand grew from its core sweater line to a full apparel line, featuring patterns and designs reflective of the signature sweaters.	Coogi	New York City
headquarters location	Established in 1998, Altiris is headquartered in Lindon, Utah, United States.	Altiris	Lindon
headquarters location	In actuality, the movie car is a fiberglass replica of a 1936 C-28 Avions Voisin with a 4.2 Jaguar engine and Rover automatic gear box on a 4WD chassis built by D Tessier (a well known restorer of Avions Voisin automobiles) in Tours, France.	Avions Voisin	France
headquarters location	PlayNation is an online video game developer, headquartered in Carlsbad, California, United States, and founded in 1997.	PlayNation	Carlsbad
headquarters location	BusinesSuites, LP is a provider of serviced offices and virtual offices based in Austin, Texas.	BusinesSuites	Austin
headquarters location	ScienceLogic was founded in Reston, Virginia, in 2003.	ScienceLogic	Reston
headquarters location	Brit + Co is a San Francisco-based company known for its DIY online media and e-commerce platform aimed at women and girls.	Brit + Co	San Francisco
headquarters location	NASCAR Mexico had been responsible for the organization of the Corona México 200, a former NASCAR Nationwide Series race at the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City.	NASCAR Mexico	Mexico City
headquarters location	The Spanish Ornithological Society (Sociedad Española de Ornitología, SEO/BirdLife) is Spain's main bird conservation charity.	Spanish Ornithological Society	Spain
headquarters location	RainStor is headquartered in San Francisco, California, United States with offices in Gloucester, United Kingdom and New York.	RainStor	San Francisco
headquarters location	Dixie-Narco is a major manufacturer of soda vending machines located in Williston, South Carolina.	Dixie-Narco	Williston
headquarters location	DAR Motion Pictures (DAR), a wholly owned subsidiary of DAR Capital Group, is an Indian film production and distribution company headquartered out of Mumbai.	DAR Motion Pictures	Mumbai
headquarters location	CAL Park is the headquarters of China Airlines Group.	China Airlines Group	CAL Park
headquarters location	Birmingham, UK Aero Engine Controls has two combined manufacturing and engineering sites in Birmingham, between them they have ~1100 employees.	Aero Engine Controls	Birmingham
headquarters location	Rochester Midland Corporation is a closely-held specialty chemical manufacturing company headquartered in Ogden, New York.	Rochester Midland Corporation	Ogden
headquarters location	Panellinios B.C. (Greek: Πανελλήνιος K.A.E.) or Panellinios Basket, is a professional basketball club that is located in Athens, Greece.	Panellinios B.C.	Athens
headquarters location	EFI Technology Inc. founded by Graham Western in October 1988 is an independent high-performance automotive electronics engineering company based in Torrance, California.	EFI Technology Inc	Torrance
headquarters location	In 1967 the company changed its name to Motori Minarelli and opened a new plant in Calderara di Reno.	Minarelli	Calderara di Reno
headquarters location	Convergys Corporation is a corporation based in Cincinnati, Ohio, that sells customer management and information management products, primarily to large corporations.	Convergys	Cincinnati
headquarters location	Cannon Trading Company, Inc. is a licensed futures, commodities and Forex Brokerage firm.It is an independent Introducing Broker based in Beverly Hills, California.	Cannon Trading Company, Inc.	Beverly Hills
headquarters location	Vintage Real Estate (VRE) is a private investment firm founded by Fred Sands and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.	Vintage Real Estate	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Load Records is an American noise/experimental independent record label based out of Providence, Rhode Island.	Load Records	Providence
headquarters location	Vignoble Carone Wines is a Canadian winery located in the region of Lanaudière in Quebec, Canada, situated immediately to the northeast of Montreal.	Vignoble Carone	Lanaudière
headquarters location	Unbound Creative, Inc. is a company based in Universal City, California that develops content for various forms of media, including television, theaters, the internet, mobile devices, and video games.	Unbound Creative, Inc.	Universal City
headquarters location	UST Global is a multinational provider of IT services and solutions, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California,USA.	UST Global	Aliso Viejo
headquarters location	99designs is an online graphic design marketplace headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Melbourne, Berlin, Paris, London and Rio de Janeiro.	99designs	San Francisco
headquarters location	In Germany Epcos has production location in Heidenheim (capacitors, inductors and ferrites), Berlin (sensors), and Munich (SAW components).	Epcos	Munich
headquarters location	Hi-Rez Studios is an independent, privately held video-game developer based in Alpharetta, Georgia, United States.	Hi-Rez Studios	Alpharetta
headquarters location	Henkell & Co. Sektkellerei KG is a German producer of Sekt (German quality sparkling wine), wine and spirits based in Wiesbaden.	Henkell & Co. Sektkellerei	Wiesbaden
headquarters location	The Montana Power Company (MPC) was an electric utility company based in Butte, Montana which provided electricity to Montana consumers and industry from 1912 to 1997.	Montana Power Company	Butte
headquarters location	GAZ or Gorkovsky Avtomobilny Zavod (Russia, Nizhny Novgorod), translated as Gorky Automobile Plant (Russian: ГАЗ or Го́рьковский автомоби́льный заво́д), started in 1932 as NAZ, a cooperative enterprise between Ford and the Soviet Union, as a result of a Five year plan.	GAZ	Nizhny Novgorod
headquarters location	Fontana North won the Independent Distributor of the Year award six years in a row (2008 - 2013) at the Canadian Music Industry Awards, held annually in Toronto as part of Canadian Music Week.	Fontana North	Toronto
headquarters location	Phase 4 Films is a Canadian film distribution company based in Toronto.	Phase 4 Films	Toronto
headquarters location	College Football News (CFN) is a magazine and website published by College Football News, Inc., headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.	College Football News	Chicago
headquarters location	Sky Electronics is a mobile phone manufacturer headquartered in Seoul, Korea.	Sky Electronics	Seoul
headquarters location	In 2010, Ushahidi collaborated with the Hivos Foundation, the Constitution & Reform Education Consortium (CRECO), the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA) and SODNET to create the Uchaguzi-Kenya election incidence reporting platform that is closely based on the Ushahidi crowd sourcing software.	Uchaguzi	Kenya
headquarters location	Church House Investments Limited is a private British investment management company based in Sherborne, United Kingdom.	Church House Investments	Sherborne
headquarters location	Secretly Canadian is an American independent record label based in Bloomington, Indiana with offices in Brooklyn, London, Austin, Los Angeles and Paris.	Secretly Canadian	Bloomington
headquarters location	Praga Tools Limited was established in May, 1943 as Praga Tools Corporation Limited to manufacture machine tools with its headquarters at Kavadiguda, Secunderabad, India.	Praga Tools	Secunderabad
headquarters location	Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft mbH is a German non-state-owned railway company based in Uelzen, Lower Saxony since December 2005.	Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft	Uelzen
headquarters location	The Automatt was a sound recording studio in San Francisco, California, promoted for its early mix automation system.	The Automatt	San Francisco
headquarters location	Sunstorm Interactive is an Indianapolis-based video game developer founded in 1995 by Anthony Campiti, which specialized in hunting simulators and first-person shooters.	Sunstorm Interactive	Indianapolis
headquarters location	The World Wrestling League (WWL) or Liga Mundial de Lucha Libre was a wrestling promotion based out of San Juan, Puerto Rico.	World Wrestling League	San Juan
headquarters location	In 2011 UMH group initiated carrying out of the 64th World Newspaper Congress in Kiev.	UMH group	Kiev
headquarters location	Synapse Product Development is a new product development (NPD), product design, and technology development consultancy company headquartered in Seattle, Washington, USA, with offices in San Francisco, California and Hong Kong.	Synapse Product Development	Seattle
headquarters location	Emotion Production (full legal name: Preduzeće za konsalting, proizvodnju radio i televizijskih programa i usluge reklame i propagande Emotion Production d.o.o. Beograd) is a Serbian media company based in Belgrade municipality of Stari Grad and registered as a limited liability company.	Emotion Production	Belgrade
headquarters location	Student Sponsor Partners is a nonprofit organization based in New York City founded by Peter Flanigan in 1986.	Student Sponsor Partners	New York City
headquarters location	Bain Capital is headquartered at the John Hancock Tower in Boston, Massachusetts with additional offices in New York City, Chicago, Palo Alto, San Francisco, Dublin, London, Luxembourg, Munich, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Mumbai, Tokyo and Melbourne.	Bain Capital	John Hancock Tower
headquarters location	Raging Stallion Studios based in San Francisco, California, is a major adult film studio and one of the world's largest producers of gay pornography.	Raging Stallion Studios	San Francisco
headquarters location	Kyochon has its head office in Osan, Gyeongi-do.	Kyochon	Osan
headquarters location	Columbia Motors was a Detroit, Michigan, United States based automobile manufacturer that produced automobiles from 1916 to 1924.	Columbia Motors	Detroit
headquarters location	Poplar HARCA (Housing and Regeneration Community Association) is a housing association in the East End of London, England.	Poplar HARCA	London
headquarters location	BMC Switzerland AG (abbreviation of ``Bicycle Manufacturing Company'') is a bicycle and cycling product manufacturer based in Grenchen, Switzerland.	BMC Switzerland	Grenchen
headquarters location	Procera Networks is a networking equipment company based in Fremont, California, United States, that designs and sells deep packet inspection (DPI), policy charging and rules function, data analytics and reporting hardware, software and services.	Procera Networks	Fremont
headquarters location	Baycomms Broadcasting Corporation was a radio network based in Olongapo City notable for its array of Bay Radio stations in the key cities and towns in the Philippines.	Baycomms Broadcasting Corporation	Olongapo
headquarters location	In 2001 Stage Entertainment's German subsidiary took over part of the insolvent Stella AG, acquiring in the process many of Stella's productions and theatres, including two Hamburg theatres: the Theater im Hafen and the Neue Flora.	Stage Entertainment	Hamburg
headquarters location	Sitrion (formerly NewsGator Technologies) is a multinational software company headquartered in Denver, Colorado.	Sitrion	Denver
headquarters location	ALTEN's stock is listed in compartment B of the Euronext Paris market (ISIN FR0000071946); it is part of the SBF 120, the IT CAC 50 index and MIDCAP 100, and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).	ALTEN	Paris
headquarters location	Pacific Aerospace Ltd (PAL) is an aircraft manufacturing company based in Hamilton, New Zealand.	Pacific Aerospace	Hamilton
headquarters location	Baja Fresh is a chain of fast-casual Tex Mex restaurants founded in Newbury Park, California in 1990 and headquartered in Irvine, California.	Baja Fresh	Irvine
headquarters location	A Better Badge (formerly Better Badges) was a London button-badge manufacturer, started in 1976 by Joly MacFie.	A Better Badge	London
headquarters location	The Derways Automobile Company (ООО Автомобильная компания ДЕРВЕЙС) is a Russian automaker located in Cherkessk.	Derways Automobile Company	Cherkessk
headquarters location	Blacklane GmbH is a startup company based in Berlin which provides a chauffeur portal connecting people to professional chauffeurs via their mobile app, website and hotline.	Blacklane	Berlin
headquarters location	United States Commodity Funds LLC (USCF) is a US company based in Alameda, CA, specializing in managing exchange-traded commodity funds, which are often referred to as commodity-based exchange-traded funds (ETFs).	United States Commodity Funds	Alameda
headquarters location	IndyMac Bancorp, a holding company headquartered in Pasadena, California, eventually acquired:	IndyMac	Pasadena
headquarters location	UNFD (pronounced as an initialism or as unified (/ˈjuːnɪfaɪd/)) is a rock music record label based in Melbourne Australia that formed from the then merging of Boomtown Records and Staple Management.	UNFD	Melbourne
inception	On 1 January 1999, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg (LBBW) was formed through the merger of SüdwestLB, Landesgirokasse, and the commercial banking business of L-Bank.	Landesbank Baden-Württemberg	1999
inception	Coop Norden was dissolved in 2008 and Coop NKL resumed control of its outlets in Norway as Coop Norge.	Coop Norge	2008
inception	Sinn Féin was founded on 28 November 1905, when, at the first annual Convention of the National Council, Arthur Griffith outlined the Sinn Féin policy, ``to establish in Ireland's capital a national legislature endowed with the moral authority of the Irish nation''.	Sinn Féin	28 November 1905
inception	The Cross of Independence was established with a decree of the President of Poland of 29 October 1930.	Cross of Independence	29 October 1930
inception	Revolutionary United Front (RUF) was a rebel army that fought a failed nine-year war in Sierra Leone, starting in 1991 and ending in 2000.	Revolutionary United Front	1991
inception	Dolores Delirio is a Peruvian rock band formed in 1994 by guitarist Jeffrey Parra, drummer/lyricist Josué Vásquez, bassist/keyboardist Jose Inoñan, and vocalist Ricardo Brenneisen.	Dolores Delirio	1994
inception	Miss Universe Slovenskej Republiky (English: Miss Universe Slovak Republic) or Miss Slovak Republic, is an annual beauty pageant held in Slovak Republic to select the country's representative to the Miss Universe pageant since 1994.	Miss Universe Slovenskej Republiky	1994
inception	The Gamaliel Foundation was founded in Chicago in 1968 to assist the Contract Buyers League, which worked to assist African-American home buyers in the city's West Side.	Gamaliel Foundation	1968
inception	Gene F. Haas founded Haas Automation in 1983 to manufacture machine tool accessory tooling.	Haas Automation	1983
inception	Consilience Wines is a family-owned winery located in Los Olivos California and was established in 1994.	Consilience Wines	1994
inception	Virtutech was founded in 1998 as a spin-off from the Swedish Institute of Computer Science (SICS), in Stockholm, Sweden.	Virtutech	1998
inception	Liberating the NHS published in July 2010 then suggested a role for a Centre for Workforce Intelligence which would ``act as a consistent source of information and analysis, informing and informed by all levels of the system''.	Centre for Workforce Intelligence	2010
inception	The Tiger Lillies are a cult British musical trio formed in 1989 by singer-songwriter Martyn Jacques.	The Tiger Lillies	1989
inception	The Bibliotheca Philosophica Hermetica was founded in 1984 by Joost Ritman and is not linked to any public organisation or library.	Bibliotheca Philosophica Hermetica	1984
inception	Krøyt (established 1993 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz band, known from several album releases.	Krøyt	1993
inception	The company released their trip planning and resource locator mobile app Trucker Path in early 2013, followed in 2015 by Truckloads, an online marketplace specializing in connecting freight companies to users.	Trucker Path	2013
inception	The UCL Prize Lecture in Clinical Science is a prize awarded annually by University College London since 1997.	UCL Prize Lecture in Clinical Science	1997
inception	DD Kisan is an Indian agriculture 24-hour television channel, which is owned by Doordarshan and was launched on 26 May 2015.	DD Kisan	2015
inception	Knowledge Unlatched was established in September 2012 by publisher and social entrepreneur Frances Pinter.	Knowledge Unlatched	2012
inception	Zoax were formed in 2013 with a line up consisting of Adam Carroll (Time Is A Thief), Dan Prasad (To Catch A Thief), Doug Wotherspoon (Atlas & The Bowery), Joe Copcutt (Rise To Remain & AxeWound) & Jonathan Rogers (Burn Down Rome & Air Castles).	Zoax	2013
inception	Launched in 2005 as The Cracker Sydney Comedy Festival at a number of inner city venues, the Festival has grown quickly and now attracts 111,000 patrons every year at venues all across Sydney.	Sydney Comedy Festival	2005
inception	The International Economic Forum of the Americas was founded in 1995, when Gil Remillard, a former Minister of Justice of Quebec, held an inaugural Conference of Montreal, on June 20--22, 1995.	International Economic Forum of the Americas	1995
inception	Hilmer Motorsport is a German racing team established in 2013 by Franz Hilmer.	Hilmer Motorsport	2013
inception	Dope House Records was founded in 1995 by Carlos Coy (a.k.a. South Park Mexican) who released his debut album Hillwood that same year.	Dope House Records	1995
inception	The Swatantra Bharat Paksh (Marathi: स्वतंत्र भारत पक्ष, translation: Independent India Party; abbr. SBP) is a liberal political party in Maharashtra, India, established in 1994 by Sharad Anantrao Joshi (former Shetkari Sanghatana leader).	Swatantra Bharat Paksh	1994
inception	The Miss Earth Botswana is a beauty pageant that was first held in 2006, with winner will be competing at the Miss Earth pageant.	Miss Earth Botswana	2006
inception	Oxford Games Ltd, incorporated in 1991, is an English board game company.	Oxford Games	1991
inception	Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering and Technology (SLIET), a deemed university, was established by the government of India in 1989.	Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering and Technology	1989
inception	The Disaster and Emergency Management Presidency of Turkey(Turkish: Afet ve Acil Durum Yönetimi Başkanlığı, AFAD) was established in 2009 to take necessary measures for effective emergency management and civil protection nationwide in Turkey.	Disaster and Emergency Management Presidency	2009
inception	Apprenda was founded in 2007 in Clifton Park, New York, by Matt Ammerman, Sinclair Schuller, and Abraham Sultan.	Apprenda	2007
inception	The ensemble was founded in 1996 as ``Karle Erickson's Metropolitan Chorale'', but changed its name to World Voices within one season.	World Voices	1996
inception	The Black-Yellow Alliance (German: Schwarz-Gelbe Allianz, SGA) is a monarchist movement in Austria founded on 6 August 2004.	Black-Yellow Alliance	6 August 2004
inception	Caedmon's Call was formed in 1993 with six original members (three of whom still remain), Cliff Young (whose father and brother are highly successful pastors of megachurches), Danielle Glenn, Todd Bragg, Cari Harris, Doug Elmore, and Aaron Tate.	Caedmon's Call	1993
inception	Columbia University originally founded the Academy of Political Science in 1880 to foster cooperation between Columbia University Law School and the Columbia University Graduate School of Political Science.	Academy of Political Science	1880
inception	The Bukit Panjang LRT Line is a 7.8 km light rail line opened on 6 November 1999 and part of Singapore's LRT system.	Bukit Panjang LRT Line	1999
inception	The New Zealand String Quartet (est. 1987) is New Zealand's only full-time string quartet.	New Zealand String Quartet	1987
inception	Machine Project was founded by Mark Allen in 2004 and incorporated as a non-profit in 2005.	Machine Project	2004
inception	However, the company that is known today as WMS Industries was formally founded in 1974 as Williams Electronics, Inc. In 2013, it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Scientific Games.	WMS Industries	1974
inception	Aveda (pronounced ah-vay-da) was founded by Horst Rechelbacher in 1978.	Aveda	1978
inception	Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV) is a unionist political party in Northern Ireland founded on 7 December 2007, as an anti-St Andrews Agreement splinter group from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).	Traditional Unionist Voice	7 December 2007
inception	Black Drawing Chalks is a Brazilian rock band from Goiânia, Goiás, Brazil, formed in 2005, by a group of graphic design students.	Black Drawing Chalks	2005
inception	The White Cliffs Countryside Partnership was established in 1989, to help landowners care for the special coast and countryside of Dover and Shepway.	White Cliffs Countryside Partnership	1989
inception	Linköping University was granted full university status in 1975 and is now one of Sweden's larger academic institutions.	Linköping University	1975
inception	Econoline Crush is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver, Canada.formed in 1992.	Econoline Crush	1992
inception	The Biofeedback Certification International Alliance (formerly the Biofeedback Certification Institute of America) was created in 1981 as a non-profit organization.	Biofeedback Certification International Alliance	1981
inception	The Urban Folk Quartet (commonly known as The UFQ or simply UFQ) are a four-piece contemporary folk band launched in June 2009.	The Urban Folk Quartet	2009
inception	Sonic Elements is a unique American Progressive rock project formed in Los Angeles, California, in 2011.	Sonic Elements	2011
inception	Equity Bank, through its subsidiary Finserve Africa Limited, received its MVNO Licence on 11 April 2014, along with Tangaza Money and Zioncell Kenya.	Finserve Africa Limited	2014
inception	Using these tests and norms, Ronald Hoeflin founded the Prometheus Society in 1982.	Prometheus Society	1982
inception	Proton Bank (in Greek Proton Τράπεζα Α.Ε.) was established in 2001 as Τράπεζα Επενδυτικών Δραστηριοτήτων Α.Ε. and officially commenced its operations as a specialised investment bank in 2002.	Proton Bank	2001
inception	Puerto Roc Records is an independent record label that was established in 2006 by founder and sole owner Jonathan ``DJ Primo'' Padilla.	Puerto Roc Records	2006
inception	Seaga Manufacturing, Inc. is a large privately owned United States based vending machine manufacturer founded in 1987 by current CEO Steven Chesney in Shannon, Illinois.	Seaga Manufacturing	1987
inception	Continüm Comics was an American comic book publisher which operated between the years 1988--1994.	Continüm Comics	1988
inception	Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design was formed in 1989 from the merger of the Central School of Art and Design, founded in 1896, and Saint Martins School of Art, founded in 1854.	Central Saint Martins	1989
inception	Johnny Cupcakes, Inc. (commonly known as Johnny Cupcakes) is a clothing brand founded in 2001 by Johnny Earle.	Johnny Cupcakes	2001
inception	The origin of the Maratón Alpino Madrileño goes back to 1997, when Miguel Caselles, Victoria Sánchez and Juan Manuel Agejas thought about organizing a marathon covering the most significant areas of Sierra de Guadarrama.	Maratón Alpino Madrileño	1997
inception	A monarchy throughout most of its history, Nepal was ruled by the Shah dynasty of kings from 1768--when Prithvi Narayan Shah unified its many small kingdoms--until 2008.	Nepal	1768
inception	Fenway Sports Management (FSM) is a company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts established by Fenway Sports Group (FSG) in 2004.	Fenway Sports Management	2004
inception	The Astrolabe Company (German: Astrolabe-Compagnie) was a German ``colonial society'' (Kolonialgesellschaft) in Kaiser-Wilhelmsland, which existed from 1891 to 1896.	Astrolabe Company	1891
inception	Luxbet was founded and officially launched by Tabcorp in September 2008 and commenced operations on 1 October 2008.	Luxbet	2008
inception	The American Republican Party was a minor nativist political organization that was launched in New York in June 1843, largely as a protest against immigrant voters and officeholders.	American Republican Party	1843
inception	Slobberbone formed in early 1992 in Denton, Texas, where the band played for beer and had their first gig at the Park 'n' Go, a beer store in Denton.	Slobberbone	1992
inception	They moved to Brooklyn in 2010, where they became Haerts and were joined by band members Garrett Ienner (guitars) and Derek McWilliams (bass).	Haerts	2010
inception	The Commission on the Powers and Electoral Arrangements of the National Assembly for Wales, known unofficially as The Richard Commission, was established in July 2002 by the First Minister of the National Assembly for Wales.	Richard Commission	July 2002
inception	Swarathma was formed in 2002 in Mysore when vocalist and songwriter Vasu Dixit met Abhinanth Kumar on guitars with the objective of creating original music.	Swarathma	2002
inception	It was owned by Una Vez Mas Holdings, LLC. Around late 2009, KTXD-LP ceased operations due to technical difficulties.	KTXD-LP	2009
inception	Young Guru Academy (YGA) Dream Partners Foundation is an international non-governmental organization (NGO) that works on socially responsible leadership, founded in 2002 by Young Business Guru of Turkey, Sinan Yaman.	Young Guru Academy	2002
inception	Kosmikud are an Estonian alternative rock group founded in 1999.	Kosmikud	1999
inception	KIST-FM signed on in 1998 as KLDZ, a commercial oldies music radio station.	KIST-FM	1998
inception	Battlelore are a Finnish heavy metal band from Lappeenranta, founded in 1999 by guitarist Jyri Vahvanen and bassist Miika Kokkola.	Battlelore	1999
inception	The Colorado Media School first opened in Colorado in 2001.	Colorado Media School	2001
inception	Chemeq was founded by Dr Graham Melrose in 1989 after he developed a new type of antimicrobial polymer.	Chemeq	1989
inception	The Mental Disability Advocacy Center (MDAC) is an international human rights organisation founded in Hungary in 2002.	Mental Disability Advocacy Center	2002
inception	From 1998 to 2010, Wonderfest produced an annual science festival--the first such community-wide event in the United States--that presented a series of expert dialogues on topics of scientific controversy.	Wonderfest	1998
inception	D.A.P./Distributed Art Publishers was founded in New York in 1990 (and incorporated in 1992) by Sharon Helgason Gallagher (B.A., Yale University; M.A. Columbia University), who had previously worked as rights director and managing editor at Abbeville Press.	Distributed Art Publishers	1990
inception	In 1996, Ataullah Mengal returned to Pakistan and formed the Balochistan National Party.	Balochistan National Party	1996
inception	The Agence de l'innovation industrielle was a French governmental agency created in 2005 to support technological projects.	Agence de l'innovation industrielle	2005
inception	The Mississippi Braves first season began on April 18, 2005.	Mississippi Braves	2005
inception	After making this change, Rocket Lawyer increased its annual revenue from $1 million in 2008 to $5 million in 2009, and increased its monthly visitors from 150,000 to 900,000 over the same period.	Rocket Lawyer	2008
inception	Wilkins Farago is an independent Australian book publishing house founded in Melbourne in 1998.	Wilkins Farago	1998
inception	Named after former Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi, the university was established in 1985 with a budget of ₹20 Million, when the Parliament of India passed the Indira Gandhi National Open University Act, 1985 (IGNOU Act 1985).	Indira Gandhi National Open University	1985
inception	The Blue Bulls (Blue Bulls Rugby Union) or Blou Bulle (Afrikaans) was formed in 1938 as the Northern Transvaal Rugby Union (N.T.R.U.).	Blue Bulls Rugby Union	1938
inception	On 29 October 1999 Blessed John Paul II established the Apostolic Vicariate of Trinidad from the suppressed Apostolic Vicariate of Casanare.	Apostolic Vicariate of Trinidad	1999
inception	Toes in the Sand Recordings is a US-based record label founded by David Christopher (aka Deviant) and Amy Dana in 2004.	Toes in the Sand Recordings	2004
inception	Top Up TV was a pay TV service in the United Kingdom launched in March 2004, operating on the digital terrestrial television platform.	Top Up TV	March 2004
inception	The Census at Bethlehem (also known as The Numbering at Bethlehem) is an oil-on-panel by Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder, painted in 1566.	The Census at Bethlehem	1566
inception	Silver Griffin is an American band that was formed in 2005 by Liam McCormick, Greg Black, and Seabrien Arata.	Silver Griffin	2005
inception	Novembre (English: November) is an Italian metal band, formed in 1990.	Novembre	1990
inception	BIGGA, the British and International Golf Greenkeepers Association was officially formed on January 1, 1987.	British and International Golf Greenkeepers Association	1987
inception	Nihon Ishi Gakkai (日本医史学会), Japanese Society for the History of Medicine, JSHM) is a juridical corporation (shadan hōjin) established in 1892 by the physician Fujikawa Yū and several colleagues in order to promote the study, research and communication of the history of medicine and allied sciences in all of its aspects.	Nihon Ishi Gakkai	1892
inception	Garamba National Park, located in Orientale Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Africa, was established in 1938.	Garamba National Park	1938
inception	Earthcore originated in 1992, the first event being held in 1993 in Victoria.	Earthcore	1993
inception	RadioBDC officially launched on August 13, 2012 at noon EST. The first song they played was ``I Want My City Back'' by Boston-native band The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, which was chosen in a poll by Boston.com readers after 3,700 votes.	RadioBDC	2012
inception	The Mudbloods are an indie rock band formed in Austin, Texas in 2005.	The Mudbloods	2005
inception	George Bush High School was established in 2001 in order to help educate the increasing population of Richmond, Texas.	George Bush High School	2001
inception	When the master plan for Islamabad was drawn up in 1960, Islamabad and Rawalpindi, along with the adjoining areas, was to be integrated to form a large metropolitan area called Islamabad/Rawalpindi Metropolitan Area.	Islamabad	1960
inception	Mojo Press is a now-defunct small press which primarily published science fiction, horror, and western books and graphic novels between 1994 and 1999.	Mojo Press	1994
inception	Thrill Jockey Records is an American independent record label established in 1992 in New York City by former Atlantic Records A&R representative Bettina Richards.	Thrill Jockey	1992
inception	Kushtia Medical College (Bengali: কুষ্টিয়া মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2011.	Kushtia Medical College	2011
inception	The Carpet One organization was the first business formed by CCA Global Partners, a cooperative incubator founded in 1984.	Carpet One	1984
inception	Intelius, founded by former InfoSpace executives, was started in 2003.	Intelius	2003
inception	The Jean Ferré Prize (French: Prix Jean-Ferré) is a French literary prize founded in 1997 by the radio station Radio Courtoisie.	Jean Ferré Prize	1997
inception	SLJB PG College (Shri lalan ji bhrmhchari Post Graduate College, Hindi: श्रीलल्लन जी बह्मचारी स्नातकोत्तर महाविद्यालय) was established in 1992 by the Government of Uttar Pradesh.	SLJB PG College	1992
inception	The Advertising Standards Council of India, ASCI founded in 1985.	Advertising Standards Council of India	1985
inception	The William Demant Holding Group was founded in 1904 by Hans Demant, under the name Oticon.	William Demant	1904
inception	Save Ferris is a ska punk band formed circa 1995 in Orange County, California.	Save Ferris	1995
inception	The University of Banja Luka was established on 7 November 1975 and at that point had 5 faculties.	University of Banja Luka	1975
inception	Brooktree was an American company founded in 1983 by Henry Katzenstein to commercialize a faster hardware architecture for digital to analog converters, three to eight times faster than the converters then on the market.	Brooktree	1983
inception	Founded on May 16, 1990, Elixir Group has since grew from a family company to one of the biggest Serbian companies in the field of agribusiness, fertilizing and the wholesale of other agriculture products.	Elixir Group	1990
inception	Echourouk News was founded on 19 March 2014, it has started to broadcast its programs on 19 March 2014.	Echourouk News	2014
inception	Fat Family - 1998 Fat Festa - 1999 Pra Onde For, Me Leve - 2001 Fat Family - 2003	Fat Family	1998
inception	The Shark Island Challenge first started in 1997, and was a very informal and local event organized by Nathan Purcell and Mark Fordham.	Shark Island Challenge	1997
inception	In 1993, Beavertail Lighthouse Museum Association (BLMA) was established to oversee the operations of the Beavertail Lighthouse Museum, which is located in the assistant keeper's house.	Beavertail Lighthouse	1993
inception	SkyFallen Entertainment is a Russian computer game developer, that was founded in 2002.	SkyFallen Entertainment	2002
inception	Kursk State University (Russian Курский государственный университет) is Kursk's oldest higher educational institution, founded in 1934 as Kursk State Pedagogical Institute, later in 1994 transformed into Kursk State Pedagogical University and has a current status since 2003.	Kursk State University	1934
inception	In 1994, Slovenská štátna sporiteľňa was transformed in a joint-stock company and started its activities under the brand name of Slovenská sporiteľňa (Slovak Savings Bank).	Slovenská sporiteľňa	1994
inception	The Republic of Jamtland was founded in 1963 (recalling the former 10th-century republic) in reaction to emigration from the county.	Republic of Jamtland	1963
inception	This necessitated the change of the name to the African Forum for Agricultural Advisory Services and AFAAS was consequentially legally set up as an NGO in Uganda and became the successor body to SSANAAS in 2011.	African Forum for Agricultural Advisory Services	2011
inception	Family & Life is a Catholic Irish anti-abortion organisation founded in 1996.	Family & Life	1996
inception	Maya Awards (Indonesian: Piala Maya) is an annual Indonesian film awards initiated in 2012 by Indonesian online film enthusiasts, that is initiated by FILM_Indonesia Twitter account.	Maya Awards	2012
inception	National Dental College & Hospital was established in 1999 at village Gulabgarh, Dera Bassi, India (near Chandigarh) by Medical Educational and Rural Welfare Society.	National Dental College	1999
inception	As part of his vision, the National Oil Corporation was established in 1970.	National Oil Corporation	1970
inception	Amref Health Africa'' was founded in 1957, when three pioneering surgeons who wanted to take health care to places where there were no doctors or medical assistance used aircraft and radios to reach remote and neglected communities.	Amref Health Africa	1957
inception	The Center for Survey Research at Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, operated from July 1, 1996 to June 30, 2004, when the center closed.	Center for Survey Research	1996
inception	Race the Fray (originally seen as The Fray) were an Australian independent four-piece alternative rock, pop punk band formed in 2003.	Race the Fray	2003
inception	The Committee of General Security was established as a committee of the National Convention in October 1792.	Committee of General Security	1792
inception	The Paradiesgärtlein (Garden of Paradise) is a panel painting created around 1410.	Paradiesgärtlein	1410
inception	Samuel Bronston Productions was an independent American film production company, founded by Samuel Bronston in 1943.	Samuel Bronston Productions	1943
inception	Mutilator were a thrash / black metal band, formed in 1985 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.	Mutilator	1985
inception	The Hong Kong Citizen Forum (Chinese: 港人論壇) was a short-lived pro-Beijing political organisation in Hong Kong founded in 1991.	Hong Kong Citizen Forum	1991
inception	The Renaissance Charter School in New York City opened in 1993 and is authorized by the Chancellor of the New York City Department of Education.	The Renaissance Charter School	1993
inception	My Epic is an American Christian rock band from Charlotte, North Carolina started in 2005.	My Epic	2005
inception	MyHeritage was founded in 2003 by Gilad Japhet (who continues to serve as the company's CEO).	MyHeritage	2003
inception	CNBC Europe began broadcasts in March 1996, as a wholly owned subsidiary of NBC.	CNBC Europe	1996
inception	John Grey & Sons (London) Limited, a subsidiary company of Barnett, Samuel & Sons, was established in Westminster in 1832.	John Grey & Sons	1832
inception	Women's Media Center (WMC) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit women's organization in the United States founded in 2005 by writers and activists Jane Fonda, Robin Morgan, and Gloria Steinem.	Women's Media Center	2005
inception	Winnport participated in the federal government Team Canada trade mission to China in 1998.	Winnport	1998
inception	Wight FM was an internet radio service based on the Isle of Wight which closed in December 2009.	Wight FM	2009
inception	Virgin Express started on 23 April 1996, when the Virgin Group (with chairman Richard Branson) bought the Belgian leisure airline EBA (EuroBelgian Airlines) founded by Victor Hasson and Georges Gutelman and rebranded it Virgin Express.	Virgin Express	1996
inception	Steelcase became a publicly traded company in 1998 under the symbol SCS.	Steelcase	1998
inception	Stórsveit Nix Noltes are an Icelandic post-rock and Balkan folk band formed in 2004 and composed mostly of members of other Icelandic bands such as múm and Benni Hemm Hemm.	Stórsveit Nix Noltes	2004
inception	Funky Bones was installed at the Indianapolis Museum of Art in May 2010 and is currently on temporary loan.	Funky Bones	2010
inception	The refurbishment started in May 2013 and reopened as ``Sunway Putra Mall'' on 28 May 2015.	Sunway Putra Mall	2015
inception	In 1989, Amnon Landan and Arye Finegold founded Mercury Interactive Corporation.	Mercury Interactive	1989
inception	OP12 (English: On 12) was on May 14, 2012 until December 31, 2014 the label for the third channel of the VRT for the broadcasts after 8pm (after the children's programs of Ketnet occurred).	OP12	2012
inception	Vivid Image was a video game developer from the United Kingdom, founded in 1988 by Mevlut Dinc from Turkey (who came to Britain in 1979), Hugh Riley and John Twiddy, all former employees of System 3.	Vivid Image	1988
inception	The Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal (GWOTEM) is a United States armed forces military award created by George W. Bush on March 12, 2003 by Executive Order 13289.	Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal	2003
inception	DB Networks was founded in United States in 2009 to provide database security including SQL injection defense products, predominantly to the financial services industry.	DB Networks	2009
inception	The Bank of Israel was founded on August 24, 1954, when the Knesset passed the Bank of Israel Act, which ceded the currency issuing and regulatory functions of the Ministry of Finance to the newly formed Bank.	Bank of Israel	1954
inception	Northumberlandia (the ``Lady of the North'') is a huge land sculpture in the shape of a reclining female figure, which was completed in 2012, near Cramlington, Northumberland, northern England.	Northumberlandia	2012
inception	Fonografika Sp. j. is a Polish independent record label and distribution company, founded in 2001 by Jacek Caba.	Fonografika	2001
inception	Phelps Dodge Corporation was an American mining company founded in 1834 as an import-export firm by Anson Greene Phelps and his two British sons-in-law William Earle Dodge, Sr. and Daniel James.	Phelps Dodge	1834
inception	Dysfunctional Family Picnic was a multi-artist alternative rock concert, presented annually by the New York City, New York, USA radio station K-Rock, beginning in 1997.	Dysfunctional Family Picnic	1997
inception	Huaqiao University was founded in 1960, with support from the late Chinese premier and historical figure Zhou Enlai, for students of overseas Chinese backgrounds (Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macau, Singapore) to pursue tertiary education in their ancestral homelands.	Huaqiao University	1960
inception	The Iraqi Islamic Bank (IIB) was the first Islamic Bank established in Iraq; initially approved by the Iraqi Central Bank on December 19, 1992 and opened its door to the public on 23 February 1993.	Iraqi Islamic Bank	1993
inception	Pop Noir is a Los Angeles-based indie dancerock duo formed by British-born twin brothers Joe and Luke McGarry in 2004, while they were 16-year-old students at the Orange County High School of the Arts.	Pop Noir	2004
inception	The Macquarie Harbour Penal Station, a former British colonial penal settlement, established on Sarah Island, Macquarie Harbour, in the former colony of Van Diemen's Land, now Tasmania, operated between 1822 and 1833.	Macquarie Harbour Penal Station	1822
inception	Marine Research was an indie rock/twee pop band, based in Oxford/London (UK), formed in 1997 by four of the five members of Heavenly (Amelia Fletcher, Peter Momtchiloff, Cathy Rogers and Rob Pursey), following the suicide of Heavenly drummer Mathew Fletcher.	Marine Research	1997
inception	Saltery Bay Provincial Park was established in 1962 to provide ocean access on the Sunshine Coast of Georgia Strait.	Saltery Bay Provincial Park	1962
inception	The Sawtooth Grin is a band from Montrose, New York formed in 1999.	The Sawtooth Grin	1999
inception	Grobschnitt was a West German rock band which existed between 1970 and 1989.	Grobschnitt	1970
inception	Idlers is a Canadian reggae band from St. John's founded in 2006 by Paul Schiralli-Earle, Tommy Duggan, and Mark Wilson and now consisting of eleven members.	Idlers	2006
inception	Freiburger Barockorchester (Freiburg Baroque Orchestra) is a German orchestra founded in 1987, with the mission statement: ``to enliven the world of Baroque music with new sounds''.	Freiburger Barockorchester	1987
inception	The Salzburg Museum was founded in 1834 when a small collection of military memorabilia was made accessible to the public to formalize the memories of the Napoleonic wars.	Salzburg Museum	1834
inception	HuneX is a video game developer formed as a partnership between NEC Home Electronics, Ltd. and Human in 1992.	HuneX	1992
inception	The Arizona Geological Society (AGS) is a non-profit scientific organization founded in 1948 whose purpose is to promote and encourage interest in the science of geology and in the geology of the State of Arizona.	Arizona Geological Society	1948
inception	Culture Beat is a German Eurodance project formed in 1989 by Torsten Fenslau.	Culture Beat	1989
inception	Since its opening in 1876, the Bayreuth Festival has been a socio-cultural phenomenon.	Bayreuth Festival	1876
inception	Started in 1919 as with the production of motorcycles, Gillet Herstal ended its production in 1959.	Gillet Herstal	1919
inception	TownNews.com is a company founded by Marc Wilson CEO, Robert P. Dalton, and Virginia R. Wilson as the International Newspaper Network (INN) in 1989 to help newspapers deal with developing technology.	TownNews	1989
inception	City Airline was established in 1997, originally operating wet leases for British Midland Airways.	City Airline	1997
inception	The Fox affiliation currently seen on WSVF-CD began on October 26, 2006 with the launch of WHSV-DT2, a standard definition subchannel of WHSV-TV.	WSVF-CD	2006
inception	Shamsul Ulama Islamic Academy (مجمع شمس العلماء الإسلامي) is an Islamic educational institution in Kerala, India, established by the SKSSF Wayanad District Committee under the presidency of late District Qasi Panakkad Sayed Umerali Shihab Thangal in the year 2002 to promote Islamic educational activities.	Shamsul Ulama Islamic Academy	2002
inception	Silas Records was an American record label owned by Universal Music Group; founded in 1991 by Louil Silas Jr. and operated as an imprint of MCA Records, where Silas had been a senior VP.	Silas Records	1991
inception	No Walls was an American hard rock band from Atlanta, Georgia, formed in 1988.	No Walls	1988
inception	Opened on 15 October 2005, Istanbul Cevahir was the largest shopping mall in Europe in terms of gross leasable area between 2005 and 2011, and is one of the largest in the world.	Istanbul Cevahir	2005
inception	On 21 June 2012, a Samoa Air aircraft almost collided with a Polynesian Airlines aircraft near Fagali'i.	Samoa Air	2012
inception	In summer 2008, Horton and Mulrennan formed No Bird Sing with drummer Graham O'Brien and the band released their self-titled debut album in 2009.	No Bird Sing	2008
inception	In 2000, Rubicon Technology began its commercial production and was incorporated in 2001.	Rubicon Technology	2001
inception	The band has released an EP and one full-length album, their self-titled album in 2014, and White Reaper Does It Again in 2015.	White Reaper	2014
inception	Korean Police Baseball Team (Korean: 경찰 야구단) is a Korean amateur baseball team founded in 2005.	Korean Police Baseball Team	2005
inception	Colour Coding was an Australian indie pop band officially formed in 2011 and based in Sydney.	Colour Coding	2011
inception	Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Mazdoor Congress, a political party in India, launched on December 10, 2004 by former Bharatiya Janata Party general secretary Sunil Shastri (son of Lal Bahadur Shastri).	Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Mazdoor Congress	2004
inception	The Alderwoods Group formed after the Loewen Group emerged from bankruptcy on January 2, 2002.	Alderwoods Group	2002
inception	Bitburger brewery (Bitburger Brauerei Th. Simon GmbH) is a large German brewery founded in 1817 by Johann Wallenborn.	Bitburger brewery	1817
inception	Cinefest Fairfield is an annual film festival since 2005 featuring short films by students, alumni and faculty of Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut held in association with the Fairfield Community Theatre.	Cinefest Fairfield	2005
inception	The Association of Asian Parliaments for Peace (AAPP) in Asia to promote peace in general and in the Asian region, in particular was established in September 1999.	Association of Asian Parliaments for Peace	1999
inception	Sanlaap is an Indian feminist non-governmental organisation, established by Indrani Sinha in 1987 in Calcutta.	Sanlaap	1987
inception	The Fernbank Science Center opened in December 1967, and is an educational facility and an integral part of the DeKalb County School System.	Fernbank Science Center	1967
inception	TV Brasil is a Brazilian non-profit public broadcasting television network launched on December 2, 2007 at noon.	TV Brasil	2007
inception	Viaggio Air (VM) was a private airline based and registered in Sofia, Bulgaria in September 2002.	Viaggio Air	2002
inception	The Carol Eckman Award is an award given annually since 1986 to the women's college basketball active coach who ``best demonstrates the character of the late Carol Eckman, the mother of the collegiate women's basketball national championship''.	Carol Eckman Award	1986
inception	West Wales Wild Boars were formed in 2009 and joined the Welsh Premier Division of the Rugby League Conference that same year.	West Wales Wild Boars	2009
inception	Dresdner Bank was established on 12 November 1872 through the conversion of private bank Michael Kaskel.	Dresdner Bank	12 November 1872
inception	The Italian Environmental Film Festival (in Italian:Festival Cinemambiente or Festival internazionale di cinema e cultura ambientale) is an important Italian film festival founded in 1998 and taking place every year in Turin, Italy.	Italian Environmental Film Festival	1998
inception	La5 is an Italian entertainment television channel, launched on May 12, 2010 and owned by the media company Mediaset.	La5	2010
inception	Café Rouge was founded by Roger Myers and Karen Jones as a small restaurant chain in 1989.	Café Rouge	1989
inception	Since 1999, after its renovation, it is the seat of the Verzetsmuseum.	Verzetsmuseum	1999
inception	Void of Silence is a doom metal band from Italy, formed in 1999 by Riccardo Conforti and Ivan Zara.	Void of Silence	1999
inception	The Museum of Papermaking in Duszniki-Zdrój (pl.: Muzeum Papiernictwa) -- a museum of the Lower Silesia Voivodeship Selfgovernment located in Duszniki-Zdrój in Poland, founded in 1968 in an old 17th century paper mill on the Bystrzyca Dusznicka river.	Museum of Papermaking in Duszniki-Zdrój	1968
inception	VoIP User was created by Dean Elwood and Tjardick van der Kraan in July 2003 and both are still intimately involved in the running of both network and web site.	VoIP User	2003
inception	The Norwegian Heathen Society (Norwegian: Det norske Hedningsamfunn (DnH) or Hedningsamfunnet for short) is a non-partisan irreligious society that was established in 1974 and whose main focus is counteracting the Church of Norway and Christian influence in Norway.	Norwegian Heathen Society	1974
inception	The Malaysia Law Reform Committee is a body that was set up in Malaysia in 2009 to consider whether the law needed reform.	Malaysia Law Reform Committee	2009
inception	The Plot in You is an American metalcore band, formed in 2010 in Hancock County, Ohio.	The Plot in You	2010
inception	Magneta Lane are a Canadian indie rock music group formed in 2003 in Toronto.	Magneta Lane	2003
inception	Samantha 7 was an American rock band founded in 1998 by C.C. DeVille, lead guitarist from the rock band Poison.	Samantha 7	1998
inception	FC Bossy Liverpool was established in 1994 by Bosnian migrants in the Liverpool area.	FC Bossy Liverpool	1994
inception	Bowen University opened on November 4, 2002 as a residential institution with fewer than 500 students.	Bowen University	2002
inception	TV 5 Dimensi was launched at 3:00 p.m. WITA on January 14, 2007, after a speech by Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.	TV 5 Dimensi	2007
inception	It was founded in 2002 by English watchmaker Peter Speake-Marin and is based in Bursins, Switzerland.	Speake-Marin	2002
inception	In 2005 it became Amangalla resort complex.Aman means ``peace'' and galla is the Sinhalese name for Galle.	Amangalla	2005
inception	President and CEO Eddie Shapiro founded Nest Seekers International in 2001.	Nest Seekers International	2001
inception	Destroy Destroy Destroy is an American heavy metal band formed in Murfreesboro, Tennessee in late February 2003.	Destroy Destroy Destroy	2003
inception	Hellenic Seaways was created in 2005 following the consolidation of Minoan Flying Dolphins and its subsidiaries Hellas Flying Dolphins, Hellas Ferries Saronikos Ferries and Sporades Ferries.	Hellenic Seaways	2005
inception	The Australian Basketball Hall of Fame was instituted by the National Basketball League (NBL) in 1998 as the NBL Hall of Fame as part of their 20th birthday celebrations.	Australian Basketball Hall of Fame	1998
inception	British Leyland was an automotive engineering and manufacturing conglomerate formed in the United Kingdom in 1968 as British Leyland Motor Corporation Ltd (BLMC), following the merger of Leyland Motors and British Motor Holdings.	British Leyland	1968
inception	Jacksoul, sometimes stylized as jackSOUL, was a Canadian soul and R&B music group formed in 1996 in Toronto.	Jacksoul	1996
inception	The Chemical Society was formed in 1841 (then named the Chemical Society of London) by 77 scientists as a result of increased interest in scientific matters.	Chemical Society	1841
inception	The American Dental Association (ADA) is an American professional association established in 1859 which has more than 155,000 members.	American Dental Association	1859
inception	In 1884, a group of 13 breed clubs, 10 American clubs and 3 Canadian clubs, founded the American Kennel Club.	American Kennel Club	1884
inception	WLLF, whose license was first issued in March 1984, signed on in January 1985 as WKTX.	WLLF	1985
inception	IMT Gallery was founded by Lindsay Friend in 2005 as IMT and launched with the first London solo exhibition by O Zhang.	IMT Gallery	2005
inception	The Aircraft Manufacturing Company Limited (Airco) was a British aircraft manufacturer operating from 1912 to 1920.	Airco	1912
inception	Agrana was founded in 1988 as a holding company for the Austrian sugar and Starch industry.	Agrana	1988
inception	Pluto Records is a record label started in 1999 by Eric Shirey and Brian Cobbel.	Pluto Records	1999
inception	The New England Central Railroad (reporting mark NECR) began operations in 1995.	New England Central Railroad	1995
inception	The All Progressives Congress (APC) is a political party in Nigeria, formed on 6 February 2013 in anticipation of the 2015 elections.	All Progressives Congress	2013
inception	Resipiscent is an independent record label based in San Francisco, California, founded in 2005 by James Decker and Thomas Day.	Resipiscent	2005
inception	The ground work for Ride the Sky began back in 2006 when drummer Uli Kusch started swapping musical ideas with vocalist Bjorn Jansson.	Ride the Sky	2006
inception	Het Gesprek (Dutch for ``The Conversation'') was a Dutch television channel, started on 2 October 2007.	Het Gesprek	2007
inception	In 2005 Phil Powers began promoting shows under the name Real Quality Wrestling, their first show was in Clacton in March.	Real Quality Wrestling	2005
inception	Knight Frank LLP is a residential and commercial property consultancy founded in London by John Knight, Howard Frank and William Rutley in 1896.	Knight Frank	1896
inception	The Serendib International Cup (known as the Dialog Serendib International Cup for sponsorship reasons) was an international rugby union competition for emerging nations held in Sri Lanka in 2013 (Serendib is the old Arabic, Persian and Urdu name for Sri Lanka).	Serendib International Cup	2013
inception	The Chelsea Smiles are a hard rock/sleaze rock band formed in 2004 featuring guitarist Todd Youth (formerly of D Generation and Danzig), Karl Rosqvist of Danzig, Steel Prophet, Skye Vaughan-Jayne of Bullets and Octane, Johnny Martin and RJ Ronquillo.	The Chelsea Smiles	2004
inception	The Military Bowl (fully named Military Bowl presented by Northrop Grumman, previously known as the EagleBank Bowl and known in planning stages as the Congressional Bowl) is an annual NCAA Division I FBS college football bowl game played since 2008.	Military Bowl	2008
inception	Located in Naples, and put on the air by Naples resident Norm Alpert, in 1987, WAVV continues to hold its market share at number one for nearly 14 consecutive years.	WAVV	1987
inception	Parse.ly was founded by Sachin Kamdar and Andrew Montalenti out of DreamIt Ventures, an early stage startup accelerator program in Philadelphia and launched its first product, Parse.ly Reader, in September 2009.	Parse.ly	2009
inception	Tennessee Temple Academy was established in 1951 as a Southern Baptist elementary school that included kindergarten and grades 1 through 5.	Tennessee Temple Academy	1951
inception	Boss Hog was formed in 1989, as something of an accidental side project, when Jon and Cristina were told of a last minute vacancy on the bill at the influential New York punk club CBGB's.	Boss Hog	1989
inception	The company was founded in 1934 by Elrey Borge Jeppesen, a pilot working for Varney Air Lines, who was the first to make aeronautical charts for pilots to navigate in flight.	Jeppesen	1934
inception	On May 2, 2013, SEC Commissioner Mike Slive and ESPN president John Skipper formally announced that as part of a long-term, 20-year agreement lasting through 2034, ESPN would launch SEC Network, a network devoted to the conference and an accompanying digital platform, in August 2014.	SEC Network	2014
inception	The Southeast Asian Fisheries Development Center (SEAFDEC) is an autonomous intergovernmental body established as a regional treaty organisation in 1967 to promote fisheries development in Southeast Asia.	Southeast Asian Fisheries Development Center	1967
inception	Miasmah is a Norwegian independent record label that was started in Oslo by Erik K. Skodvin in 2006.	Miasmah	2006
inception	Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Centre was created in 2004 as an amalgamation of the Port Arthur and McKeller branches of the Thunder Bay Regional Hospital system.	Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Centre	2004
inception	Never A Hero are a five-piece nu metal band formed in Sudbury, Suffolk, England in 2009.	Never A Hero	2009
inception	The Ga Ga's (often spelled as The*Ga*Ga*s) were a hard rock band formed by Tommy Gleeson in 2002.	The Ga Ga's	2002
inception	Inzopa was co-founded by Charanjeet Ajmani, an executive at Advisor Software, and Brian Barrick, architect and team leader of Apple's FileMaker team in December 2010.	Inzopa	2010
inception	The Needles Lighthouse was built by Trinity House in 1859 on the outermost of the chalk rocks near sea level.	Needles Lighthouse	1859
inception	The Mind Trust was founded in 2006 by Bart Peterson, the former Mayor of Indianapolis, and David Harris, Mayor Peterson's former charter schools director.	The Mind Trust	2006
inception	InnoGames was founded in early 2007 to handle the operation and continued development of the game.	InnoGames	2007
inception	The station was originally licensed as KRIT but changed callsigns to KIAQ on September 1, 1992.	KIAQ	1992
inception	Jupiter Entertainment (also known as Jupiter) is an unscripted television production company in the United States (US) founded by Stephen Land in 1996.	Jupiter Entertainment	1996
inception	The Pays des Impressionnistes is a certification mark created by the Syndicat intercommunal à vocations multiples des Coteaux de Seine in 2001 to promote the cultural heritage of this touristic area.	Pays des Impressionnistes	2001
inception	Linc Energy was incorporated on 29 October 1996 as Linc Energy N.L. On 17 November 2000, it changed its name to Linc Energy Ltd. It listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) on 10 May 2006 and later on the OTCQX in New York in December 2007.	Linc Energy	1996
inception	The Israeli Labor Party was established in 1968 by a merger of Mapai, Ahdut HaAvoda and Rafi.	Israeli Labor Party	1968
inception	Nevada Bachelors were an American rock band from Seattle, Washington, formed in 1997.	Nevada Bachelors	1997
inception	Dozer was formed in Borlänge, Sweden in 1995 by Tommi Holappa, Fredrik Nordin, Erik Bäckwall and Magnus Larsson, playing local youth centres and supporting any bands that came to their hometown.	Dozer	1995
inception	WFXU began broadcasting June 15, 1998 as a full-time satellite of Fox affiliate WTLH, intending to improve that station's signal in the eastern part of the market.	WFXU	1998
inception	Symbiosis International School is an International Baccalaureate school located in Pune, India, founded in 2005.	Symbiosis International School	2005
inception	Kenya Airports Authority was established by an act of Parliament in 1992, by the ruling Kenya African National Union government.	Kenya Airports Authority	1992
inception	Griffin Music was an independent record label created in 1989 in Toronto, Canada by author/publisher Robert Godwin.	Griffin Music	1989
inception	Duchy of Krnov (Czech: Krnovské knížectví, Polish: Księstwo Karniowskie) or Duchy of Jägerndorf (German: Herzogtum Jägerndorf) was one of the Duchies of Silesia, which in 1377 emerged from the Duchy of Troppau (Opava), itself a fief of the Bohemian Crown.	Duchy of Krnov	1377
inception	It was founded in 1947 as the Engineering Society of Hong Kong and was incorporated as Hong Kong Institution of Engineers in 1975.	Hong Kong Institution of Engineers	1947
inception	Top Level Design (TLD) was founded in 2012 by Portland entrepreneur Ray King after he stepped down as CEO of AboutUs, a company he founded in 2006.	Top Level Design	2012
inception	SoBe began as the South Beach Beverage Company, a drink manufacturer based in Norwalk, Connecticut from 1996-2001.	SoBe	1996
inception	On March 1996, Yang Hyun-suk, a former member of legendary Korean band Seo Taiji and Boys, founded YG Entertainment along with his younger brother Yang Min-suk.	YG Entertainment	March 1996
inception	Foreverlin is an American Christian alternative indie rock band, and they are from the cities of Cheyenne and Laramie, Wyoming, where the band started making music in 2012.	Foreverlin	2012
inception	Brazil Festival of Italy is a festival born in Bologna, Italy, in 2002 as a tribute to Italians for their contribution to Brazilian culture.	Brazil Festival of Italy	2002
inception	The Eskalators are a Brooklyn-based steampunk and vegan musical collective, puppeteering ensemble, and experimental street mime troupe formed by Eric Williams in the summer of 2007.	Eskalators	2007
inception	Chhandayan was founded in 1984 by Samir Chatterjee, the current Artistic Director and President.	Chhandayan	1984
inception	The Ethiopian Civil Service University (ECSU) was established in 1995 by the Ministry of Education to support the transformation drive of the Ethiopian Civil Service within the context of the country's development policies and strategies.	Ethiopian Civil Service University	1995
inception	DreamCatcher Interactive Inc. (a.k.a. DreamCatcher Games) was a Canadian computer game publisher of video games founded in 1996 by Richard Wah Kan. In 2006, the company became a subsidiary of JoWooD Entertainment.	DreamCatcher Interactive	1996
inception	Tad Morose is a Swedish progressive / power metal band formed in 1991 and led by guitarist Christer 'Krunt' Andersson.	Tad Morose	1991
inception	Spun off of a group called the Flying Donuts, SCUL was founded in Boston in 1995.	SCUL	1995
inception	Drunk Tank was a noise rock group formed in Chicago, Illinois and active between 1989 to 1992.	Drunk Tank	1989
inception	The Marion Barons were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the International Hockey League during the 1953--54 season.	Marion Barons	1953
inception	The Swansea City Opera is a touring opera company founded in Swansea, Wales in May 2004.	Swansea City Opera	2004
inception	The Protectorate of South Arabia was designated on 18 January 1963 as consisting of those areas of the Aden Protectorate that did not join the Federation of South Arabia, and it broadly, but not exactly, corresponded to the division of the Aden Protectorate which was called the Eastern Aden Protectorate.	Protectorate of South Arabia	1963
inception	Clariden Leu was a Swiss private bank based in Zurich and Geneva Switzerland founded in 2007 by Clariden president Alex Hoffmann and Credit Suisse Group.	Clariden Leu	2007
inception	The Scottish Council for Development and Industry (SCDI), founded in 1931, is a non-governmental, membership organisation which aims to strengthen Scotland's economic competitiveness through influencing government and key stakeholders to create sustainable economic prosperity for Scotland.	Scottish Council for Development and Industry	1931
inception	The Gryphon Trio was formed in 1993 by three members of the Faculty of Music of the University of Toronto, Patipatanakoon, Borys and Parker, and today it tours regularly throughout Canada, the United States and Europe.	Gryphon Trio	1993
inception	It was established by the Assam Women's University Act, 2013 (XXII of 2013) by the Assam Government.	Assam Women's University	2013
inception	The Wuxi Classic was a professional snooker tournament held from 2008 to 2014.	Wuxi Classic	2008
inception	CECAFA was founded unofficially in 1927.	CECAFA	1927
inception	Blanco y Negro Music (short Blanco y Negro) is a Spanish record label which was founded in 1978.	Blanco y Negro Music	1978
inception	Brusque Futebol Clube, usually known just as Brusque, is a football (soccer) club from Brusque, Santa Catarina, Brazil, founded on October 12, 1987.	Brusque Futebol Clube	1987
inception	International Flavors & Fragrances was formed in 1958 by the merger between Polak & Schwarz (P&S) and van Ameringen-Haebler.	International Flavors & Fragrances	1958
inception	Their name was subsequently changed to Power Grid Corporation of India Limited, which took effect on October 23, 1992.	Power Grid Corporation of India	1992
inception	Better World Books is an online for-profit bookseller of used and new books founded in 2002 by Christopher ``Kreece'' Fuchs, Xavier Helgesen and Jeff Kurtzman.	Better World Books	2002
inception	Luis-Mary was a Japanese visual kei post-punk band that was formed in 1989 and broke up in 1993.	Luis-Mary	1989
inception	WPBF first went on-the-air January 1, 1989, owned by Alan Potamkin and the John H. Phipps Company.	WPBF	1989
inception	University of Novi Pazar (Bosnian: Univerzitet u Novom Pazaru; Cyrillic: Универзитет у Новом Пазару), was founded in 2002 with help of prime minister Zoran Đinđić.	University of Novi Pazar	2002
inception	Digital Ocean, Inc., was a maker of wireless products from 1992 to 1998, when it was bought by Harris Semiconductor and its assets made part of Harris's Intersil Division, which was spun off in 1999 into Intersil Corporation.	Digital Ocean	1992
inception	On 1 October 2010, the Daming Palace National Heritage Park was opened to the public.	Daming Palace	1 October 2010
inception	UTC Sheffield is a University Technical College (UTC) that opened in Sheffield city centre, South Yorkshire, England in September 2013.	UTC Sheffield	2013
inception	The Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs is a think tank, research and capacity building Institution handling various subjects and matters relevant to corporate regulation and governance established in 2008 at Gurgaon, Haryana, India.	Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs	2008
inception	'All Ice Records or AIR (initiated 2005 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian independent record label that was established by Terje Isungset.	All Ice Records	2005
inception	Nová Ves u Světlé was first documented in 1378.	Nová Ves u Světlé	1378
inception	It was assigned the KCAV call sign on April 28, 2009, and received its license to cover on May 13, 2009.	KCAV	2009
inception	The Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSP Investments) is a Canadian crown corporation established by an act of parliament in September 1999.	Public Sector Pension Investment Board	1999
inception	The current WCIV first began operations in October 1992 as WCTP, an independent station.	WCIV	1992
inception	Their first album was released in 2003, titled ``Stony Skunk''.	Stony Skunk	2003
inception	AMR Research, Inc. was an independent US research and industry analysis firm founded by Tony Friscia in 1986 and sold to Gartner Research for US$64 million in 2009.	AMR Research	1986
inception	My Body Sings Electric is an American Alternative Rock and post-hardcore band formed in Denver, Colorado in 2007.	My Body Sings Electric	2007
inception	Vallourec became the second largest steel tube manufacturer in France following the merger of the Société des Tubes de Valenciennes and the Société Louvroil-Montbard-Aulnoye, and was listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in 1957.	Vallourec	1957
inception	Young Rising Sons are an American indie pop band consisting of Andy Tongren (lead singer/guitar), Dylan Scott (lead guitar), Julian Dimagiba (bass) and Steve Patrick (drums) formed in 2010.	Young Rising Sons	2010
inception	The alliance was created in November 1993 as the International Alliance Supporting Community Action on AIDS, and later renamed the International HIV/AIDS Alliance.	International HIV/AIDS Alliance	1993
inception	Lambda Theta Nu (ΛΘΝ) is a Latina-based Greek letter intercollegiate sorority founded on March 11, 1986 at California State University, Chico.	Lambda Theta Nu	1986
inception	K-1 began in 1993 and is a kickboxing platform and martial arts brand well-known worldwide mainly for its heavyweight division fights.	K-1	1993
inception	Mr Floppy were an Australian alternative rock, punk rock and oi! band formed in 1989 by Tim Aylward on guitar (ex-The Swarm), Mick Carroll on guitar, Paul Johnson on bass guitar and vocals and Joseph Kennedy (ex-Pray TV) on drums.	Mr Floppy	1989
inception	The Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg (German: Otto-von-Guericke-Universität Magdeburg, short OvGU) was founded in 1993 and is one of the youngest universities in Germany.	Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg	1993
inception	War of Ages (sometimes abbreviated WoA, formerly known as Point Zero) is an American Christian metalcore band formed during the summer of 2002 in Erie, Pennsylvania.	War of Ages	2002
inception	Krome Studios Melbourne, originally Beam Software, was a video game development studio founded in 1978 and based in Melbourne, Australia.	Krome Studios Melbourne	1978
inception	Slechtvalk (the Dutch word for peregrine falcon) is a Christian Viking metal band from the Netherlands, formed in 1999.	Slechtvalk	1999
inception	It is known as MNC News and was founded in June 2006 as 24 hours general, infotainment, sports, and lifestyle news channel.	MNC News	2006
inception	Takoradi International School was opened in 1998 and was then called the Takoradi Learning Centre.	Takoradi International School	1998
inception	NRHEG High School was established in 1992 when the former New Richland-Hartland and Ellendale-Geneva schools combined to form the NRHEG Schools.	NRHEG High School	1992
inception	Provincial League (formerly known as Professional League) also known as Pro League is the old regional Football league in Thailand in 1999-2008.	Provincial League	1999
inception	The National Museum of Pakistan was established in Frere Hall on 17 April 1950, replacing the defunct Victoria Museum.	National Museum of Pakistan	1950
inception	Oppressor was a technical death metal band from Chicago, Illinois, which formed in 1991 and disbanded in 1999.	Oppressor	1991
inception	An online retail site trading as Big Brown Box was launched by Thorn Group Limited (owners of brands including Radio Rentals and Rentlo) in November 2008.	Big Brown Box	2008
inception	The World Organization of Independent Scouts was founded in 2010 by former members of the World Federation of Independent Scouts.	World Organization of Independent Scouts	2010
inception	Tell MAMA was launched on 21 February 2012 by Eric Pickles MP, Secretary of State for the Department for Communities and Local Government and is co-ordinated by the interfaith organisation Faith Matters.	Tell MAMA	2012
inception	Honfleur Gallery located on Good Hope Road in the historic Anacostia neighborhood of Washington, D.C., is a gallery that was established in January 2007 by the Action to Rehabilitate Community Housing group.	Honfleur Gallery	2007
inception	Potential Getaway Driver is an independent record label that began in the winter of 2005 by friends Chad Hansen and Anthony Iamurri.	Potential Getaway Driver	2005
inception	Elektrogorsk was founded in 1912 due to the construction of the first big peat-fired thermal power station in Russia, which would be called Elektroperedacha (``Электропередача'', lit. ``electric power transmission'').	Elektrogorsk	1912
inception	The Cleveland Clinic is a multispecialty academic hospital located in Cleveland, Ohio that is owned and operated by the Cleveland Clinic Foundation, an Ohio nonprofit corporation established in 1921.	Cleveland Clinic	1921
inception	The Arnold Schoenberg Choir (German: Arnold Schoenberg Chor) is a Viennese/Austrian choir which was founded 1972 by Erwin Ortner, who is still its artistic director.	Arnold Schoenberg Choir	1972
inception	4 Non Blondes was an American rock band from San Francisco, California, formed in 1989.	4 Non Blondes	1989
inception	This set the basis for the founding of Chemische Industrie-Labor AG (Chemical Industry Laboratory AG or Cilag) on 12 May 1936.	Cilag	1936
inception	The Transglobal Secure Collaboration Participation, Inc. (TSCP), which sponsors the Transglobal Secure Collaboration Program, was established in 2002 as a collaborative forum of organizations in the defense industry to address security issues with collaboration.	Transglobal Secure Collaboration Participation	2002
inception	Mortgage Foundation was founded as the Florida National Investment Association on September 25, 1992 in an attempt to save Ft Lauderdale's economy after a fire nearly destroyed the city.	Mortgage Foundation	1992
inception	Established in 1989, the Stonerose Interpretive Center and Fossil Site is an Eocene Epoch fossil site and accompanying interpretive center, located in Republic, Washington, part of the Okanagan Highland.	Stonerose Interpretive Center	1989
inception	The Riverfront Irish Festival is an annual music and cultural festival held since 1993 in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio.	Riverfront Irish Festival	1993
inception	Best Thames Local is an annual on-line competition, started in 2010, to find best pub with nearly 3000 eligible pubs and restaurants by the River Thames, or within the 40 towns and London areas along the Thames.	Best Thames Local	2010
inception	These Kids Wear Crowns is a six-member Canadian power pop band, formed in 2009 in Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	These Kids Wear Crowns	2009
inception	Miss West Africa is an international beauty pageant started in 2008 for females living in West Africa, as well as women of West African origin living around the world.	Miss West Africa	2008
inception	The Center for Genetics and Society was founded in October 2001 under the leadership of Richard A. Hayes, Ph.D. to advocate for social oversight and control of new human biotechnologies.	Center for Genetics and Society	2001
inception	Pargas (Finnish: Parainen; Väståboland (Finnish: Länsi-Turunmaa) in 2009--2011) is a municipality of Finland, in the Archipelago Sea.	Pargas	2009
inception	Nextel Communications traces its roots to the 1987 foundation of FleetCall by Morgan O'Brien, Brian McAuley, Chris Rogers, and Peter Reinheimer.	Nextel Communications	1987
inception	The Blind Leading the Blind, Blind, or The Parable of the Blind (Dutch: De parabel der blinden) is a painting by the Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder, completed in 1568.	The Blind Leading the Blind	1568
inception	Adei Ad was established in 1998 by a group of students at the Sdor Amir yeshiva in Shvut Rachel.	Adei Ad	1998
inception	Ulster Resistance (UR), or the Ulster Resistance Movement (URM), is an Ulster loyalist paramilitary movement established by unionists in Northern Ireland on 10 November 1986 in opposition to the Anglo-Irish Agreement.	Ulster Resistance	1986
inception	Rust Belt Music (sometimes abbreviated RBM) is a San Francisco-based band that formed in 2001.	Rust Belt Music	2001
inception	Dobroflot or Dobrovolny Flot (Russian: Добровольный флот, Доброфлот, meaning ``Voluntary Fleet'') was a state-controlled ship transport association established in the Russian Empire in 1878 funded from voluntary contributions collected by subscription (hence the name).	Dobroflot	1878
inception	Following independence from Spain in 1811, Paraguay was ruled by a series of dictators who generally implemented isolationist and protectionist policies.	Paraguay	1811
inception	EFF-Austin continued as a separate organization and was active from 1991 through 1997, when it ceased operations following the Supreme Court Reno v. ACLU decision.	EFF-Austin	1991
inception	Pony Up is a Canadian indie pop band formed in 2002 in Montreal.	Pony Up	2002
inception	McLane Advanced Technologies was established in 2004 by Drayton McLane, Jr. after discovering the Army's need for an updated logistics software system.	McLane Advanced Technologies	2004
inception	In 2012, the duo christened themselves ``The Mastersons'' and recorded their debut record, Birds Fly South.	The Mastersons	2012
inception	It was established in January 2009 as an outgrowth of the 2008 children's book One Hen:	One Hen	January 2009
inception	The Fildwith Ensemble Theatre is a not-for-profit company in New York City, established in 2005, following thirteen years at its associate summer theatre company in the Adirondack Mountains Boquet River Theatre Festival.	Fildwith Ensemble Theatre	2005
inception	Söhne Mannheims (Sons of Mannheim) is a German musical band founded 1995 in Mannheim by Xavier Naidoo and others.	Söhne Mannheims	1995
inception	Their lead vocalist, Jennifer Turner, was playing as a guitarist on the Tigerlily tour with Natalie Merchant, when Jennifer formed Furslide together with Jason Lader and Adam MacDougall in early 1997.	Furslide	1997
inception	Pin-Up Went Down is a French avant-garde metal band formed in 2006.	Pin-Up Went Down	2006
inception	Black Hen Music is a Canadian independent record label founded in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1995.	Black Hen Music	1995
inception	Oblivion Dust is a Japanese rock band first active from 1996 to 2001, they reunited in 2007.	Oblivion Dust	1996
inception	Major Maker is a Canadian indie rock band, formed in Toronto, Ontario in 2006 by Bulgarian-born Todor Kobakov and singer-songwriter Lindy Vopnfjörð.	Major Maker	2006
inception	The Milli Yekjehti Council (Urdu: ملی یکجہتی کونسل‎, MYC, also called the National Alliance for Religious Harmony) is a Pakistani political organisation formed in 1995 to unite some 10 or 20 smaller religious parties and reduce sectarian tensions in the nation.	Milli Yekjehti Council	1995
inception	Cohen approached Lerner about representing the brand and in 1986 the two of them launched Michael Stars.	Michael Stars	1986
inception	Media Storm was founded in November 2001 by managing partners Tim Williams and Craig Woerz, who formerly worked together at AOL Time Warner.	Media Storm	2001
inception	StarKid Productions, also known as Team StarKid, is a Chicago-based musical theatre company founded in 2009 at the University of Michigan by Darren Criss, Brian Holden, Matt Lang, and Nick Lang.	StarKid Productions	2009
inception	The Cary Invasion is a member of the Tobacco Road Basketball League and the Premiere Basketball League based in Cary, North Carolina which began play in 2011 as a member of the Continental Basketball League.	Cary Invasion	2011
inception	Crouch, frontman of the band Blanket Music, organized Hush Records in 1997, when he self-released a solo record called Portland, Or.	Hush Records	1997
inception	LO, The Danish Confederation of Trade Unions (Danish: LO, Landsorganisationen i Danmark or simply LO) was founded in 1898 and is an umbrella organisation (the largest of the three national trade union centers in Denmark) for 18 Danish trade unions.	Danish Confederation of Trade Unions	1898
inception	The Evangelical Lutheran Diocese of Norway (Norwegian: Det evangelisk-lutherske stift i Norge) is a Lutheran diocese in Norway, founded in Kautokeino in 2013.	Evangelical Lutheran Diocese of Norway	2013
inception	Buffalo Commercial Bank was established in 2008, following the cessation of hostilities between Sudan and South Sudan and the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) in Naivasha, Kenya, in 2005.	Buffalo Commercial Bank	2008
inception	PanCanadian Petroleum (now Encana) formed Canadian Oil Sands Trust in 1995 with a 10% interest in Syncrude.	Canadian Oil Sands	1995
inception	Between 1969 and 1971, the National Patriotic Front of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina was established by several young intellectuals in Chişinău, totalling over 100 members, vowing to fight for the establishment of a Moldavian Democratic Republic, its secession from the Soviet Union and union with Romania.	National Patriotic Front	1969
inception	The Carnations were a Canadian indie rock band started in 1995 by Thomas D'Arcy on lead vocals and bass, and Steve Krecklo on vocals and guitar.	The Carnations	1995
inception	Vehbi Koç, who established his first firm in 1926, collected all of the companies bearing his name under the roof of Koç Holding on 20 November 1963 in order to centrally manage these companies and to provide optimum resource allocation.	Koç Holding	1926
inception	The Harmonies are a five-piece girlband formed in 2010, with the finalists of a competition with over 200,000 contestants organised by the Women's Institute and announced in February 2010, to create an album in celebration of the 95th anniversary of the WI.	The Harmonies	2010
inception	Ship Sticks (Ship Sticks LLC), founded in 2011, is a private company based in West Palm Beach, Florida.	Ship Sticks	2011
inception	CoCo Therapeutics is a United Kingdom-based biotechnology company formed in 2013 jointly by King's College London, the Wellcome Trust and Advent Venture Partners.	CoCo Therapeutics	2013
inception	Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank was established on 20 May 1997 as a Public Joint Stock Company through the Amiri Decree No. 9 of 1997.	Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank	1997
inception	Lilicub is a French band that was founded in 1992, mainly known for its 1996 hit ``Voyage en Italie''.	Lilicub	1992
inception	Papyrus Design Group, Inc. was a computer game developer founded in 1987 by David Kaemmer and CEO Omar Khudari.	Papyrus Design Group	1987
inception	Noise Viola started its career in 2003, during Semana da Música (Music Week), organized by Conservatório Pernambucano de Música.	Noise Viola	2003
inception	Gallery Arcturus was established in 1994 by The Foundation for the Study of Objective Art, a Canadian federally-registered charitable organization, to provide members of the public with an opportunity to view and study works by contemporary North American artists free of charge and without commercial motives.	Gallery Arcturus	1994
inception	7.1 People Pile (Chinese: 七一人民批; pinyin: Qī-Yī Rénmín Pī) was a loose pro-democracy political group in Hong Kong named after the mass protest on 1 July 2003.	7.1 People Pile	2003
inception	Atomeka Press is a British publisher of comic books set up in 1988 by Dave Elliott and Garry Leach.	Atomeka Press	1988
inception	Malta Xlokk, also known as the South Eastern Region, was a region of Malta between 1993 and 2009.	Malta Xlokk	1993
inception	These two colleges formed the nucleus of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University while it was established in 1971.	Tamil Nadu Agricultural University	1971
inception	On 31 December 1971, the communities of Appenfeld, Ellingshausen, Hergetsfeld, Oberbeisheim, Reddingshausen, Remsfeld, Schellbach, Völkershain and Wallenstein voluntarily combined to form the new community of Knüllwald.	Knüllwald	1971
inception	Peterbilt Motors Company, founded in 1939 in Oakland, California, is an American manufacturer of medium- and heavy-duty Class 5 through Class 8 trucks.	Peterbilt	1939
inception	The American Fur Company was founded in 1808 by John Jacob Astor, a German immigrant to the United States.	American Fur Company	1808
inception	Rhino operated more than 90 games stores that carried classic games as well as newer products in fifteen states throughout the U.S. From 1989 to 2007, Rhino Video Games allowed customers to trade in their unwanted video games and systems toward other video game merchandise.	Rhino Video Games	1989
inception	IWF Promotions is an independent professional wrestling company based in Denver, Colorado that was founded in 2001 by Tamera Halbeisen.	IWF Promotions	2001
inception	The Azerbaijani Armed Forces (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Silahlı Qüvvələri) were re-established according to the Law of the Republic of Azerbaijan on the Armed Forces from 9 October 1991.	Azerbaijani Armed Forces	9 October 1991
inception	Established in 1970, the Peace Research Institute Frankfurt (PRIF), or Hessische Stiftung Friedens und Konfliktforschung (HSFK) was founded by the state of Hesse.	Peace Research Institute Frankfurt	1970
inception	In 1997, Mortgagebot was formed as the mortgage subsidiary of M&I Bank.	Mortgagebot	1997
inception	The Cone Ripman School became known as the Arts Educational Schools, London in 1939.	Arts Educational Schools, London	1939
inception	The People's Association for Catholic Germany (German: Volksverein für das katholische Deutschland) was founded on 24 October 1890 by Mönchengladbach manufacturer Franz Brandt and Catholic theologian and member of the Reichstag Franz Hitze, with participation by politicians Ludwig Windthorst and Franz Graf von Ballestrem.	People's Association for Catholic Germany	1890
inception	City Airways (Thai:ซิตี้แอร์เวย์) is an airline in Thailand, founded in 2011 by CEO Mr. Johnny Hung Mak Hung Terence, it began operations in September 2012.	City Airways	2011
inception	Il Seminario Musicale is a baroque music ensemble founded in 1985 by the French countertenor, Gérard Lesne who is also its artistic director.	Il Seminario Musicale	1985
inception	Stone Soup Cooperative is a housing cooperative created in Chicago, Illinois in 1997.	Stone Soup Cooperative	1997
inception	The Communist League (German: Bund der Kommunisten) was an international political party established in June 1847 in London, England.	Communist League	1847
inception	The Most Noble Order of the Garter, founded in 1348, is the highest order of chivalry and the third most prestigious honour (inferior only to the Victoria Cross and George Cross) in England and the United Kingdom.	Order of the Garter	1348
inception	In 1989, El Palacio de Hierro opened Centro Coyoacán, its first shopping mall.	Centro Coyoacán	1989
inception	Charities Services, formerly known as the Charities Commission, was established by the Charities Act 2005.	Charities Services	2005
inception	In November 1993 the newly founded Döllnitzbahn GmbH took over the remaining lines of the Mügeln railway network between Oschatz, Mügeln and Kemmlitz.	Döllnitzbahn	1993
inception	Founded by the current URBN chairman and president Richard Hayne, Anthropologie opened its first store in the autumn of 1992 in Wayne, Pennsylvania.	Anthropologie	1992
inception	Astrofaes is a Ukrainian black metal band from the town of Kharkiv, first coming into being in 1996 as a project between Thurios (Drudkh, Hate Forest, Blood of Kingu) and Khorus (Khors).	Astrofaes	1996
inception	The Association of Canadian Editorial Cartoonists, or ACEC, is a professional association founded in 1988 in Winnipeg to promote the interests of editorial cartoonists in Canada.	Association of Canadian Editorial Cartoonists	1988
inception	The Newman Prize for Chinese Literature was established in 2008 by Peter Gries, director of the Institute for U.S.-China Issues at the University of Oklahoma.	Newman Prize for Chinese Literature	2008
inception	The Araki is a sushi restaurant run by Japanese chef Mitsuhiro Araki which opened in London in 2014.	The Araki	2014
inception	Flying only regional routes first, Aeroquetzal later became the first Guatemalan airline besides Aviateca to operate a short lived scheduled passenger flight to Los Angeles International Airport in 1991.	Aeroquetzal	1991
inception	Digital Poodle was a Toronto, Canada-based, electro-industrial/EBM band formed in 1986 and remained active until about 1995.	Digital Poodle	1986
inception	Runemagick is a Swedish death/doom band formed in 1990.	Runemagick	1990
inception	The Swedish American Center, a national institute for migration studies and cultural exchange, was inaugurated in April 2009.	Swedish American Center	2009
inception	John Clayton, Jeff Hamilton, and Jeff Clayton (John's brother) brought together a group of Los Angeles-based musicians in 1985 and formed the Clayton-Hamilton Jazz Orchestra (CHJO).	Clayton-Hamilton Jazz Orchestra	1985
inception	The Dunwells are a British pop/rock band formed in Leeds, Yorkshire, England in 2009.	The Dunwells	2009
inception	Toychestra began as a once-off experiment in 1996 at a women's festival of experimental music at Hotel Utah in San Francisco.	Toychestra	1996
inception	K Records is an independent record label in Olympia, Washington founded in 1982.	K Records	1982
inception	In 2002 Taylor and Wessing & Berenberg-Gossler merged to become Taylor Wessing .	Taylor Wessing	2002
inception	The airline was established in 1993 as Cheboksary Air Enterprise and was renamed Chuvashia Airlines in 2003.	Chuvashia Airlines	1993
inception	Dutch Hall Road is an indie folk band from Blair, Nebraska, formed in 2006.	Dutch Hall Road	2006
inception	The Georgian Troupe (Georgian: ქართული დასი, K’art’uli dasi) is a left-wing Georgian opposition political party with a strong nationalist component set up in January 2007 and chaired by Jondi Bagaturia, formerly a leading activist of the Georgian Labour Party.	Georgian Troupe	2007
inception	Rosatom State Atomic Energy Corporation (Rosatom) (Russian: Росатом), is a state corporation (non-profit organization) in Russia, established in 2007, the regulatory body of the Russian nuclear complex.	Rosatom	2007
inception	The Seers were a British rock group active between 1984 and 1991.	The Seers	1984
inception	The Mediaeval Combat Society was formed as a non profit making organisation to entertain the public and for charity fund raising through historical reenactment around 1970, and has worked with many other groups as in its early years with the Norse Film and Pageant Society (NFPS).	Mediaeval Combat Society	1970
inception	Sounds Like Chicken was a band from Melbourne, Australia, which formed in 1999 and disbanded in 2007.	Sounds Like Chicken	1999
inception	The Republican-Socialist Party (French: Parti républicain-socialiste) was a French socialist political party during the French Third Republic, founded in 1911 and dissolved in 1934.	Republican-Socialist Party	1911
inception	Pharao released two studio albums, Pharao (1994) and The Return (1998).	Pharao	1994
inception	Apanhador Só is a Brazilian rock band formed in 2005 by Alexandre Kumpinski (vocals and guitar), Felipe Zancanaro (guitar), Andre Zinelli (drums) and Fernão Agra (bass guitar).	Apanhador Só	2005
inception	KLN College of Information Technology is the co-educational engineering college in Madurai, started in 2001 by the Sourashtra Community which is linguistic minority in Tamil Nadu.	KLN College of Information Technology	2001
inception	The Biakoye District was created in 2008 and inaugurated officially on 29 February 2008.	Biakoye District	2008
inception	ThinkTank Learning was founded by Steven Ma in 2002, who left a position as a hedge fund analyst and started the company with his own savings.	ThinkTank Learning	2002
inception	Rank 1 is a Dutch trance group, formed in the Netherlands in 1997.	Rank 1	1997
inception	Hovedstadens Sygehusfællesskab (H:S) was a Danish health trust which was founded on 1 January 1995 to run health care services in Copenhagen and Frederiksberg.	Hovedstadens Sygehusfællesskab	1995
inception	2 Unlimited is a dance project founded in 1991 by Belgian producers Jean-Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Dutch vocalist Anita Doth.	2 Unlimited	1991
inception	Cable Video Store (CVS), is a defunct pay-per-view (PPV) service that was launched in 1985 by General Instruments.	Cable Video Store	1985
inception	Southern African Community USA (SACU) is a registered 501(c)3 non-profit organization that was established in 2013 in the state of Maryland to promote Southern Africa culture and unite the Southern African Diaspora communities in the USA.	Southern African Community USA	2013
inception	Valdur is a death metal band formed by drummer Sxuperion and guitarist Blasphemy in 2003 in Mammoth Lakes, California, a small mountain town at 8,000 ft. in elevation located just north of Mt.	Valdur	2003
inception	The ITU Aquathlon World Championships have been held annually since 1998, typically a few days preceding and in the same location as the ITU Triathlon World Championships, however since 2007 the championships have been held as totally separate events in different locations.	ITU Aquathlon World Championships	1998
inception	Founded by former Capcom programmer Masakazu Matsushita in 2007, HexaDrive has worked on different titles for various systems, notably Rez HD, a HD remastering of the title Rez exclusively for Xbox Live Arcade and The 3rd Birthday which was a collaboration between HexaDrive and Square Enix.	HexaDrive	2007
inception	NDTV Profit is a business news channel started by New Delhi Television in January 2005.	NDTV Profit	2005
inception	Step Afrika! was founded in 1994 in South Africa through a collaboration between dancers from the United States and dancers from the Soweto Dance Theatre of Johannesburg, South Africa.	Step Afrika!	1994
inception	The Share Centre was founded by Gavin Oldham, formerly of Barclayshare (now Barclays Stockbrokers) in 1990.	The Share Centre	1990
inception	Burnt Sugar was founded in 1999 by guitarist and writer Greg Tate.	Burnt Sugar	1999
inception	Founded in 1683 as a fortress, Syzran grew into an important trading center and was granted town status in 1796.	Syzran	1683
inception	Sports for Peace was set up during the preliminary stages of the Olympic Games 2008 to address the question of whether sport or major sporting events can foster common ideals.	Sports for Peace	2008
inception	Bank of Communications Limited (BoCom or BoComm) (simplified Chinese: 交通银行; traditional Chinese: 交通銀行; pinyin: Jiāotōng Yínháng; often abbreviated as 交行), founded in 1908, is one of the largest banks in China.	Bank of Communications	1908
inception	Richard-Brasier was the successor of the early French automobile maker Georges Richard from 1902.	Richard-Brasier	1902
inception	The Beyster Institute was launched in 2002 at the Rady School of Management at the University of California, San Diego in order to advance the use of entrepreneurship and employee company ownership.	Beyster Institute	2002
inception	The Stanwich School is a private, coeducational PK-12 college prep school, in Greenwich, Connecticut, established in 1998.	Stanwich School	1998
inception	Bhutta College of Education is a co-educational teaching college that was established in 2006 in Ludhiana, Punjab, India.	Bhutta College of Education	2006
inception	The Utah Jynx is a team of the Women's Football Alliance that began play in 2011 and joined the WFA in 2012.	Utah Jynx	2011
inception	Eagle Rock Entertainment was founded in April 1997 by Terry Shand, Geoff Kempin and Julian Paul, three former colleagues at Castle Communications, with capital coming from BMG.	Eagle Rock Entertainment	1997
inception	The Ratzeburg Rowing Club was founded in 1953 and is located in the town of Ratzeburg, Germany.	Ratzeburg Rowing Club	1953
inception	DOK-ING d.o.o is a large Croatian producer of electric vehicles, specializing in unmanned multi-purpose vehicles established in 1992.	DOK-ING	1992
inception	New Dublin Voices, an award-winning chamber choir based in Dublin, Ireland, was founded by conductor Bernie Sherlock in October 2005.	New Dublin Voices	2005
inception	Embers in Ashes are an American progressive rock band from Birmingham, Alabama, and they were formed in 2010.	Embers in Ashes	2010
inception	Starting from 2009, the Korean Culture and Information Service began setting up Korean Cultural Centers around the world.	Korean Cultural Center	2009
inception	Pretty Girls Make Graves was a post-punk band, formed in Seattle in 2001, named after The Smiths song of the same name (which itself was named after a quote from Jack Kerouac's The Dharma Bums).	Pretty Girls Make Graves	2001
inception	On March 17, 2005, FlightAware was officially founded and began processing live flight data.	FlightAware	2005
inception	Lemoned Plant (stylized as LEMONed plant), originally named simply LEMONed, is a Japanese independent record label, originally founded in 1996 by popular rock musician Hideto ``hide'' Matsumoto.	Lemoned Plant	1996
inception	Legend holds that Zhytomyr was established about 884 by Zhytomyr, prince of a Slavic tribe of Drevlians.	Zhytomyr	884
inception	Oxford BioLabs was founded in August 2008 as a Limited Liability Company in England and Wales by former scientists of the University of Oxford, including biochemist and entrepreneur Thomas Whitfield.	Oxford BioLabs	2008
inception	Young Americans for Liberty (YAL) is a 501(c)(3) political organization that was formed in 2008 at the end of Congressman Ron Paul's presidential campaign.	Young Americans for Liberty	2008
inception	The Minnesota Intergroup Association separated from NAIL on July 6, 1971, after unsuccessful attempts to reconcile differences with NAIL and later adopted the name Emotions Anonymous.	Emotions Anonymous	1971
inception	ModiLuft was among the first of India's first post-deregulation airlines, launched in May 1993 by the Indian industrialist S K Modi, in technical partnership with the German flag carrier Lufthansa.	ModiLuft	1993
inception	The World Challenge is a competition that was first hosted in 2005 by BBC and sponsored by Newsweek and Shell.	The World Challenge	2005
inception	The Wedding Dance (sometimes known as The Dance Village) is a 1566 oil-on-panel painting by the Flemish artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder.	The Wedding Dance	1566
inception	The Coast Guard E Ribbon was established in September 1990 and is the United States Coast Guard equivalent to the Navy E Ribbon.	Coast Guard E Ribbon	1990
inception	Scottish Politician of the Year is an annual award established in 1999.	Scottish Politician of the Year	1999
inception	Formed in 2004 by singer/songwriter Robert Romano (formerly of Stranger than Fiction), Shock of Pleasure have toured nationally in support of two national releases through the Universal Music/Fontana Label.	Shock of Pleasure	2004
inception	Working as an informal group for one year, PLUS Kolkata started its functioning as an unregistered group in 2001 and two years later, registered itself as an NGO in March 2003.	PLUS Kolkata	2003
inception	They had one of the largest wheat mills in the country built on a Puerto Madero lot in 1902, and with it, established Molinos Río de la Plata (later a leader in the local retail foods market).	Molinos Río de la Plata	1902
inception	It was formed on 10 January 1998 from a merger of the Federation of European Motorcyclists (FEM) and the European Motorcyclists' Association (EMA).	Federation of European Motorcyclists	1998
inception	Carrier Air Wing Seventeen (CVW-17) was reactivated on 1 November 1966 and assigned to the USS Forrestal.	Carrier Air Wing Seventeen	1 November 1966
inception	Dukatalon is an Israeli doom/sludge metal trio, formed in Tel Aviv, Israel in 2007.	Dukatalon	2007
inception	A predominantly industrial spot, Alderetes was incorporated on September 1, 1987), as part of the San Miguel de Tucumán metropolitan area.	Alderetes	1987
inception	In 1997, College of the North Atlantic was formed from the province's five community colleges.	College of the North Atlantic	1997
inception	The Best Track and Field Athlete ESPY Award has been presented since 2007, with the exception of 2009, to the track and field athlete, irrespective of nationality or gender, adjudged to be the best in a given calendar year.	Best Track and Field Athlete ESPY Award	2007
inception	Hawker Beechcraft Corporation (HBC) was an American aerospace manufacturing company that built the Beechcraft and Hawker business jet lines of aircraft between 2006 and 2013.	Hawker Beechcraft	2006
inception	The Grup Instrumental de València (unofficial English title: Valencia Instrumental Group) is a Spanish contemporary music ensemble created in 1991.	Grup Instrumental de València	1991
inception	Ruisseau-De Montigny Nature Park opened in 2005 and originally had an area of 22 hectares (54 acres), which by 2011 grew to an area of 30 hectares (74 acres).	Ruisseau-De Montigny Nature Park	2005
inception	Force Ministries, part of the Every Nation group, was incorporated on November 16, 2001 in Austin, TX as a subsidiary of Champions for Christ.	Force Ministries	2001
inception	Held each May or June in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, the Leo Awards were founded by the Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Foundation of British Columbia and in 1999.	Leo Awards	1999
inception	Plasma Pool is an EBM band from Budapest, Hungary that was formed in 1989.	Plasma Pool	1989
inception	Sandyford Cricket Club was founded in 1984 in the Dublin suburb of Sandyford.	Sandyford Cricket Club	1984
inception	Prime HD was an Australian television channel, owned by Prime Media Group, that originally launched on 15 October 2007.	Prime HD	2007
inception	GuardAir AS was a Norwegian airline which operated between 1992 and 2001.	GuardAir	1992
inception	Founded in 2002, Pinchot University was the first school to offer an MBA in Sustainable Business.	Pinchot University	2002
inception	The People's Party of Punjab (Gurmukhi: ਪੀਪਲਜ਼ ਪਾਰਟੀ ਆਫ਼ ਪੰਜਾਬ) was a Indian political party formed in March 2011 and based in Punjab with Manpreet Singh Badal as the leader, who was a former member of state assembly and nephew of Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal.	People's Party of Punjab	2011
inception	The Regiment traces its roots back to the 3rd Dragoon Regiment formed in 1657, but did not become the Jutland Dragoon Regiment until 1932, with the amalgamation of the 3rd Dragoon Regiment in Århus and the 5th Dragoon regiment in Randers.	Jutland Dragoon Regiment	1657
inception	Zapolyariye (Russian Авиапредприятие Зональное) is a defunct Russian airline which was founded in 2007 and based in Norilsk, Keasnoyarsk.	Zapolyariye	2007
inception	The Southern Mongolian Democratic Alliance was created in May 1992, by Hada and other Mongol activists including Tegexi.	Southern Mongolian Democratic Alliance	1992
inception	The Party of Hungarian Life (Magyar Élet Pártja, MÉP), also previously known as the Party of National Unity (Nemzeti Egység Pártja) from 1932 to 1939, was a Hungarian Szegedist political party.	Party of Hungarian Life	1932
inception	Mlele District was formed in 2012 out of part of Mpanda District.	Mlele District	2012
inception	A Jewish National Party (Jüdische Nationale Partei) was already founded in 1892 at Lemberg (Lviv), then the capital of the Austrian Kingdom of Galicia, as part of the Zionist movement in Austria-Hungary.	Jewish National Party	1892
inception	Founded in 2001 by tenor Benoît Haller, La Chapelle Rhénane is a musical ensemble of lyrical and instrumental soloists.	La Chapelle Rhénane	2001
inception	In May 1992, the party entered the coalition government of Janez Drnovšek, supported by the left wing of the former DEMOS coalition (besides the Democratic Party, also the Social Democratic Party of Slovenia and the Greens of Slovenia), the United List of Social Democrats and the Liberal Democratic Party.	Democratic Party of Slovenia	1992
inception	Its subsidiary company, Inner Mongolia Baotou Steel Union (SSE: 600010), was established and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1997.	Baotou Steel	1997
inception	Big 106.2 or Big FM was a radio station in Auckland New Zealand that launched on 1 November 2008 at 9AM, broadcasting on 106.2FM.	Big 106.2	2008
inception	Shrapnel Records is a guitar-oriented record label started in 1980 by record producer Mike Varney.	Shrapnel Records	1980
inception	Memorial Hospital of Wake County, today known as WakeMed Raleigh Campus, opened in 1961 with 380 beds and 50 doctors.	WakeMed	1961
inception	The Republican Jewish Coalition (RJC), formerly the National Jewish Coalition, founded in 1985, is a 501(c)(4) political lobbying group in the United States that promotes Jewish Republicans.	Republican Jewish Coalition	1985
inception	The first Małpka Express shop was opened in March, 2012 in Warzymice in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Małpka Express	2012
inception	The West Wales Museum of Childhood is a museum in Wales which opened in 2005 and now forms a major educational resource in South and West Wales.	West Wales Museum of Childhood	2005
inception	Christian Alliance Cheng Wing Gee College was established in 1984, the third to be affiliated with the Kowloon Tong Church of the Chinese Christian and Missionary Alliance.	Christian Alliance Cheng Wing Gee College	1984
inception	WAUG-LD signed on in 1988 as W68BK.	WAUG-LD	1988
inception	The Environmentalist Agrarian Party (Albanian: Partia Agrare Ambientaliste) is an Albanian political party, founded in 1991.	Environmentalist Agrarian Party	1991
inception	St. Lucia Airways Limited was a privately owned company founded in 1975.	St. Lucia Airways	1975
inception	The ALEA Ensemble is a chamber music ensemble founded in 1988 in Graz for contemporary music, playing in variable formation including the ALEA Quartet.	ALEA Ensemble	1988
inception	In 2007, the Zonophone label was re-launched again with the release of cult, hard to find, or unreleased material from the whole spectrum of EMI's back catalogue either as physical CDs, digital downloads or both.	Zonophone	2007
inception	Companhia Aeronáutica Paulista known as CAP or sometimes Paulista was a Brazilian aircraft manufacturer established in São Paulo in 1942.	Companhia Aeronáutica Paulista	1942
inception	The brand was introduced as ``Sam's American Choice'' in 1991 and has since been shortened to simply ``Sam's Choice''.	Sam's Choice	1991
inception	Los Ciegos Del Barrio actually started in 1997, though the members of the group had been performing together well before then.	Los Ciegos Del Barrio	1997
inception	Hackney University Technical College was a university technical college (UTC) that opened in September 2012 in the Shoreditch area of the London Borough of Hackney in Greater London, England.	Hackney University Technical College	2012
inception	CCTV-14 is a children's channel in the People's Republic of China which launched on 28 December 2003 & is owned by China Central Television.	CCTV-14	2003
inception	Sandalinas is a Spanish/Swedish progressive metal band founded in 2001 by guitarist Jordi Sandalinas, featuring Rick Altzi on vocals (also with Masterplan and At Vance).	Sandalinas	2001
inception	Dallas Contemporary, founded in 1978, is a contemporary art museum located in the Design District of Dallas, Texas.	Dallas Contemporary	1978
inception	Construction began at the former site of Norfolk's Banana Pier on the downtown Norfolk waterfront in February 1992, and Nauticus opened to the public in June 1994.	Nauticus	1994
inception	The R. V. Jones Intelligence Award was created by the CIA in 1993 to honour those whose accomplishments mirror in substance and style those of R. V. Jones, to wit: ``Scientific acumen applied with art in the cause of freedom''.	R. V. Jones Intelligence Award	1993
inception	In 1986 the NetJets program was created by Santulli as the first fractional aircraft ownership program.	NetJets	1986
inception	On 7 October 1919, eight Dutch businessmen, including Frits Fentener van Vlissingen, founded KLM--the abbreviation of Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij (``Royal Dutch Airlines'') as one of the first commercial airline companies.	KLM	7 October 1919
inception	MISC Berhad was incorporated in 1968 as Malaysia International Shipping Corporation Berhad and is the leading international shipping line of Malaysia.	MISC Berhad	1968
inception	On 24 February 1962, Iranian Airways and PAS merged to form the Iran National Airlines Corporation, known as Iran Air.	Iran Air	1962
inception	The Sony α37 or Sony Alpha 37 (model name SLT-A37) is a single-lens reflex style digital camera that replaced the SLT-A35 in 2012.	Sony Alpha 37	2012
inception	Interjet started operations on December 1, 2005, with one Airbus A320 aircraft, which had previously belonged to C.A.I. Second (then Volare Airlines).	Interjet	2005
inception	Alien8 Recordings is an independent record label founded in 1996 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Alien8 Recordings	1996
inception	The White Pine Music record label was established in 2003 with the support of Central Michigan University's Office of Research and Sponsored Programs and the College of Communication and Fine Arts.	White Pine Music	2003
inception	The Slovene Christian Democrats (Slovene: Slovenski krščanski demokrati, SKD) was a Christian Democrat political party in Slovenia between 1989 and 2000.	Slovene Christian Democrats	1989
inception	Since 1948, the ``Augsburger Puppenkiste'' had been producing theatrical adaptations of fairy tales and serious pieces.	Augsburger Puppenkiste	1948
inception	Between 1987 and 1989, Disco 2000 released three singles on the KLF Communications label, none of which entered the top 75 of the UK Singles Chart.	Disco 2000	1987
inception	Originally named Family Equality Foundation, Equality Hawaii Foundation (EHF) was founded on October 27, 2009 as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation.	Equality Hawaii	2009
inception	Lion Cereal (2011--present) ingredients:	Lion Cereal	2011
inception	Merryland Studio (1951--1978) was the second film production studio in the Malayalam language film industry of India.	Merryland Studio	1951
inception	The Capital Region of Denmark (Danish: Region Hovedstaden) is the easternmost administrative region of Denmark, established on January 1, 2007 as part of the 2007 Danish Municipal Reform, which replaced the traditional counties (Danish plural: amter, singular: amt) with five larger regions.	Capital Region of Denmark	2007
inception	The Parachute Men were an indie pop/indie rock band from Leeds, England, formed in 1985.	The Parachute Men	1985
inception	Designblok is a design festival held in Prague, Czech Republic annually in October since 1999.	Designblok	1999
inception	NetIQ was founded by Ching-fa Hwang, Her-daw Che, Hon Wong, Ken Prayoon Cheng and Tom Kemp in September 1995.	NetIQ	1995
inception	Mountain Trade and Development Bank was founded in August 2010, five and one half years after the cessation of hostilities between South Sudan and Sudan and the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) in Naivasha, Kenya.	Mountain Trade and Development Bank	2010
inception	Ecoglasnost (Bulgarian: Екогласност), also known as Independent Society of Ecoglasnost (Bulgarian: Независимо сдружение Екогласност), is an independent Bulgarian environmental organization, established on 11 April 1989 and formally registered on 11 December 1989.	Ecoglasnost	1989
inception	The Netherlands Film Festival was founded in 1981 by the Dutch film maker Jos Stelling, who called it the ``Netherlands Film Days'' (Nederlandse Filmdagen).	Netherlands Film Festival	1981
inception	Cedar Fair was founded in 1983 then went public on April 29, 1987.	Cedar Fair	1983
inception	Tiny Hearts is an American trip-hop/electronic music trio formed in 2011 from Detroit & Los Angeles.	Tiny Hearts	2011
inception	Lengsel is a progressive black metal band that formed in 1995 in Norway.	Lengsel	1995
inception	Innerloop Studios (commonly abbreviated to Innerloop) was a Norwegian video game developer operating from 1996 to 2003.	Innerloop Studios	1996
inception	WorldCell was formed in 1996.	WorldCell	1996
inception	The Chicago, Missouri and Western Railway (CM&W), (reporting mark CMNW) was a Class II railroad that operated in the midwest of the United States between 1987 and 1989.	Chicago, Missouri and Western Railway	1987
inception	Abbott Records was an American record label operated by music promoter and producer Fabor Robison (1911--1986) from 1951 to about 1958.	Abbott Records	1951
inception	Traxxas was founded in 1986, with the goal of offering fully assembled hobby level radio control that could be run right out of the box with little or no assembly, an idea that was new at the time.	Traxxas	1986
inception	Founded in 2012 by Derrick Shanholtzer-Dvorak of The World Is a Beautiful Place & I Am No Longer Afraid to Die, Broken World Media eschews the traditional independent record label approach to work with a wide variety of artists on a project-by-project basis.	Broken World Media	2012
inception	The Rose Art Museum, founded in 1961, is a part of Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts, US.	Rose Art Museum	1961
inception	The Kingdom of Baol or Bawol in central Senegal was one of the kingdoms that arose from the split-up of the Empire of Jolof (Diolof) in 1555.	Baol	1555
inception	The Swedish Chamber Orchestra, which was formed in 1995, is a result of merging the Örebro Chamber Orchestra and the Örebro Wind Ensemble.	Örebro Chamber Orchestra	1995
inception	Gargoyle Games was a British software company founded in 1983 by Roy Carter and Greg Follis in order to publish their first game, Ad Astra.	Gargoyle Games	1983
inception	Launched in 2012 with headquarters in Dallas, Texas, Mizzen+Main has been featured in numerous publications including The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Men's Health, ESPN and MSNBC.	Mizzen+Main	2012
inception	Since 1992, this borough comprises the former boroughs 5, 6 and 7 (Maxvorstadt-Universität, Maxvorstadt-Königsplatz-Marsfeld and Maxvorstadt-Josephsplatz).	Maxvorstadt	1992
inception	Kittie (stylized as KiTTiE) are a Canadian heavy metal band formed in London, Ontario in 1996.	Kittie	1996
inception	The Kunstmuseum Stuttgart is a contemporary and modern art museum in Stuttgart, Germany, built and opened in 2005.	Kunstmuseum Stuttgart	2005
inception	I Scream Records is a label founded by Laurens Kusters in 1994 in Brussels, Belgium.	I Scream Records	1994
inception	Orthodox Roundtable (a.k.a. The RCA Roundtable) was a Modern Orthodox rabbinic think tank that functioned from 1988 until 1994.	Orthodox Roundtable	1988
inception	Since 1998, Xcel Energy's Windsource program has allowed customers to designate that part or all of their electricity comes from a renewable energy source.	Xcel Energy	1998
inception	Stonecircle is an acoustic Celtic fusion band, formed in 1993 in Salt Lake City, Utah by George Schoemaker (12-string guitar, harmonica, vocals).	Stonecircle	1993
inception	The first Australian franchise of Burger King Corporation was established in Innaloo, Perth on 18 April 1971, under the auspices of Cowin's new company Hungry Jack's Pty, Limited.	Hungry Jack's	1971
inception	Kings County Distillery was founded by Colin Spoelman and David Haskell in 2009, spurred by changes in New York State law regarding the licensing of microdistilleries.	Kings County Distillery	2009
inception	The Illinois Policy Institute, a public-policy research organization, was founded in 2002 and has offices in Chicago and Springfield.	Illinois Policy Institute	2002
inception	The Story Prize is an annual book award established in 2004 that honors the author of an outstanding collection of short fiction with a $20,000 cash award.	The Story Prize	2004
inception	The company was established by MapleCore in 2004 as MapleNationwide, and in 2006, it partnered with Fontana Distribution and was rebranded as Fontana North.	Fontana North	2004
inception	Janaki Yugantar English Boarding School was established in 2013 at Ramgopalpur, Mahottari, Nepal.	Janaki Yugantar English Boarding School	2013
inception	The Surya Kiran Aerobatic Team (SKAT) was formed in 1996 to serve as the ``Ambassadors of the Indian Air Force'' and to ``showcase the professionalism, the caliber and the mettle of the Indian Air Force''.	Surya Kiran	1996
inception	Washington State University Tri-Cities was established as one of three regional campuses for Washington State University in 1989.	Washington State University Tri-Cities	1989
inception	In 1966, the Cayman Islands Football Association was formed, to administer the sport in the islands, which by then had a growing domestic league.	Cayman Islands Football Association	1966
inception	Founded in 2011, OpenDataSoft targets non-technical users who wish to share and visualize government, health, energy and environmental data.	OpenDataSoft	2011
inception	After a few years of building up the popularity of these sites, Barr registered the I-Mockery.com domain name in August 1999 to house all of his humor sites under the same roof (and to avoid GeoCities' increasingly slow performance).	I-Mockery	1999
inception	The East Tennessee Historical Society was established in 1834, only 38 years after the establishment of the state of Tennessee, to record the history of the development and settlement of the area.	East Tennessee Historical Society	1834
inception	By the year 1897, the Fort Wayne Museum of Art School was formally organized from the art classes that had been in session for the past nine years.	Fort Wayne Museum of Art	1897
inception	Saravah is a French record label founded by musician Pierre Barouh in 1965.	Saravah	1965
inception	The Eastern Sudan States Coordinating Council is a body established by the Eastern Sudan Peace Agreement signed by the Government of Sudan and the rebel Eastern Front in June 2006.	Eastern Sudan States Coordinating Council	2006
inception	Televisión Regional del Oriente (Eastern Regional Television, TRO) is a Colombian regional public television network, created in 1997.	Televisión Regional del Oriente	1997
inception	Legacy Broadcasting, LLC is a broadcasting company founded in 2014 by Sherry Nelson and her daughter Sara Jane Ingram.	Legacy Broadcasting	2014
inception	Preceded by Viking sites such as Timerevo from the 8th or 9th centuries, the city of Yaroslavl is said to have been founded in 1010 as an outpost of the Principality of Rostov Veliky, and was first mentioned in 1071.	Yaroslavl	1010
inception	Front End Loader are an Australian rock band which formed in December 1991 with founding mainstays, Bowden Campbell on guitar and vocals;	Front End Loader	1991
inception	Natore Govt. Boys High School is a secondary school in Natore Sadar Upazila of Natore District that was established in 1910 and nationalized by the Education ministry of Bangladesh in 1968.	Natore Govt. Boys High School	1910
inception	Aquamarine Power was a wave energy company, which was founded in 2005 to commercialise a wave energy device concept known as the Oyster wave energy converter.	Aquamarine Power	2005
inception	Gazprom Export LLC. (Russian: Газпром Экспорт, before November 1, 2006 known as Gazexport, Russian: Газэкспорт) is a Russian company founded in 1973, the leading exporter of natural gas in the world, supplying Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States.	Gazprom Export	1973
inception	Sailor Free is an Italian progressive rock band, originally formed in 1991.	Sailor Free	1991
inception	The University of Thessaly (UTH; Greek: Πανεπιστήμιο Θεσσαλίας) is a university in Thessaly, Greece, founded in 1984.	University of Thessaly	1984
inception	Hetzner Online GmbH (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) began operations in Germany in 1997 under the name Hetzner Online Services and became Hetzner Online AG in 2000.	Hetzner	1997
inception	Four Points Media Group was a holding company owned by Cerberus Capital Management, established in 2007 to serve as a buyer for 7 television stations formerly owned by CBS Corporation.	Four Points Media Group	2007
inception	Stoneground was a rock band formed in 1970 in Concord, California.	Stoneground	1970
inception	The Gesetzlose Gesellschaft zu Berlin (literally, lawless' Society as it had no internal rules), is a social society founded in Berlin in 1809 in the aftermath of the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt to press for the reform of Prussian government and society.	Gesetzlose Gesellschaft zu Berlin	1809
inception	The Blimp were a rock band formed in Glasgow, Scotland in 1998.	The Blimp	1998
inception	The Austrian Fencing Federation was founded in 1929, with Richard Brunner as its first president, although there had been earlier Austrian fencing bodies, beginning in 1887 with a German-Austrian Fencing Federation founded in Mannheim.	Austrian Fencing Federation	1887
inception	Trango Virtual Processors was founded in 2004 by Pierre Coulombeau and Fabrice Devaux as a subsidiary of ELSYS Design group.	Trango Virtual Processors	2004
inception	Virgin Radio Italia is a music-based Italian radio station, which started nationwide broadcasting on 12 July 2007 at 12:00 AM (with the song What a Wonderful World by Joey Ramone).	Virgin Radio Italia	2007
inception	Carousel Kings began in 2009 with the release of their EP Here Comes Trouble.	Carousel Kings	2009
inception	Relic Entertainment is a Canadian video game developer founded in 1997.	Relic Entertainment	1997
inception	Shinedown is an American hard rock band from Jacksonville, Florida, formed in 2001 and founded by members Brent Smith (vocals), Brad Stewart (bass), Jasin Todd (guitar), and Barry Kerch (drums).	Shinedown	2001
inception	CILK-FM signed on for the first time at 101.5 MHz with a soft adult contemporary format at 10 AM on June 21, 1985, with an average effective radiated power of 11,000 watts.	CILK-FM	1985
inception	The Red River Colony (or Selkirk Settlement) was a colonization project set up in 1811 by Thomas Douglas, 5th Earl of Selkirk on 300,000 square kilometres (120,000 sq mi) of land.	Red River Colony	1811
inception	The Victorian Railways operated in the Australian state of Victoria from 1859 to 1983.	Victorian Railways	1859
inception	The firm was formed in 1998 with the amalgamation of the gold assets of Gold Fields of South Africa Limited and Glencor Limited.	Gold Fields	1998
inception	The Tranvía del Este, also known as the Puerto Madero Tramway, was a 12-block ``demonstration'' tram line in the Puerto Madero neighborhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina, in operation from 2007 to 2012.	Tranvía del Este	2007
inception	PDT Partners (Process Driven Trading Partners) is a hedge fund company led by quantitative trader Peter Muller that was founded in 2010 as part of Morgan Stanley's trading division and spun out as an independent business in 2012.	PDT Partners	2010
inception	Curves Music is a Dutch digital music distributor, based in the Netherlands and founded in April 2011.	Curves Music	2011
inception	Skrol is a Czech avant-garde martial industrial band from Prague, formed in autumn 1995.	Skrol	1995
inception	The Tony Conigliaro Award is a national award instituted in 1990 by the Boston Red Sox to honor the memory of Tony Conigliaro.	Tony Conigliaro Award	1990
inception	The history of the settlement goes back to August 25, 1942, when Kuloy railway station of the North Pechora Railway was opened.	Kuloy	1942
inception	Istanbul Animation Festival (Turkish: İstanbul Animasyon Festivali) is a festival of animated films founded in 2003 and held annually in November.	Istanbul Animation Festival	2003
inception	Seeker Lover Keeper was an Australian indie rock music supergroup formed by Sarah Blasko, Sally Seltmann and Holly Throsby in August 2010.	Seeker Lover Keeper	2010
inception	Since 1994 the Hôtel d'Assézat houses the Bemberg Foundation (Fondation Bemberg), an art gallery which presents to the public one of the major private collection of art in Europe : the personal collection of the wealthy Argentine Georges Bemberg (1915--2011).	Hôtel d'Assézat	1994
inception	Aerodrone is an American electro-rock band from Eugene, Oregon, that was founded in 2005 by Gary Zon.	Aerodrone	2005
inception	Equity Music Group was an American country music record label founded in 2003 by singer Clint Black.	Equity Music Group	2003
inception	Advantage Racing was an Australian touring car racing team that competed in the Australian Touring Car Championship in 1992 and 1993.	Advantage Racing	1992
inception	In 1992, however, the missionary diocese withdrew from ECUSA and formed a separate church, the Episcopal Missionary Church.	Episcopal Missionary Church	1992
inception	The club was founded on April 12, 1931, when 13 young boys got together in a local KFUM(Icelandic YMCA) house to form a new athletic club in the town, at the club's 3rd meeting it was decided that it would be named Knattspyrnufélagið Haukar.	Haukar	1931
inception	Crazy Town is an American rock band, formed in 1995 by Bret Mazur and Seth Binzer.	Crazy Town	1995
inception	Founded in 1988, Motionhouse operates under the direction of husband and wife team Louise Richards and Kevin Finnan and the company aims to create startling, passionate dance theatre that fuses images, action and dynamism to surprise, challenge and delight their audiences.	Motionhouse	1988
inception	The Buffseeds were an indie pop band formed in Exeter, Devon, UK in 1999, consisting of Kieran Scragg was on lead vocals and guitar, with Joel Scragg on bass, Ella Lewis on drums and Neil Reed on keyboards.	Buffseeds	1999
inception	Creative Allies was founded in 2009 by entrepreneur Sean O'Connell, CEO of Music Allies.	Creative Allies	2009
inception	Brinson founded Redeem the Vote in 2003 with $300,000 of his own money.	Redeem the Vote	2003
inception	BLS AG is a Swiss railway company created by the 2006 merger of BLS Lötschbergbahn and Regionalverkehr Mittelland AG. It is 55.8% owned by the Canton of Berne, and 21.7% by the Swiss Confederation.	BLS AG	2006
instrument	Raymond Fairchild (born March 15, 1944) is an American banjo player from the Great Smoky Mountains.	Raymond Fairchild	banjo
instrument	Pietro Amato is a Montreal French horn player.	Pietro Amato	horn
instrument	Elsa Ludewig-Verdehr (born April 14, 1936) is an American clarinetist and music educator whose contributions to the Verdehr Trio have resulted in an extensive modern body of work for the clarinet-violin-piano trio medium.	Elsa Ludewig-Verdehr	clarinet
instrument	Mattias Jacobsson Schulstad was born near Stockholm, Sweden and began to play the guitar in Nacka Municipal Music School and at Södra Latins Gymnasium.	Mattias Jacobsson	guitar
instrument	Karl Zinsman Jr. is an Hawaiian/ Reggae multi-instrumentalist (primarily guitar), singer-songwriter, music producer, graphic designer and manager.	Karl Zinsman Jr.	guitar
instrument	Even though the Hi-Yo Silver! album features a few country & western touches such as pedal and lap steel guitar, the overall sound is more contemporary late 1980s pop music with sequencers, synthesizers and even some dance oriented grooves.	Hi-Yo Silver!	guitar
instrument	Nimbus, ASIN B0000037BU Beethoven piano sonatas op. 111 and op. 110, CD-Audio, 1973 (Erato), 1987 Nimbus Inédits de Youra Guller II:	Youra Guller	piano
instrument	Marty O'Kane plays guitar for the rock band Spiraling.	Marty O'Kane	guitar
instrument	Anthony Terran or Tony Terran (born May 30, 1926 in Buffalo, New York) is an American trumpet player and session musician.	Tony Terran	trumpet
instrument	Charles James Shavers (August 3, 1920 -- July 8, 1971), known as Charlie Shavers, was an American swing era jazz trumpet player who played at one time or another with Dizzy Gillespie, Roy Eldridge, Johnny Dodds, Jimmie Noone, Sidney Bechet, Midge Williams and Billie Holiday.	Charlie Shavers	trumpet
instrument	Dan Sealey - vocals and rhythm guitar Paul McCormack - lead guitar Greg Young - bass guitar Ted Atkinson - drums In 2001, Late supported Ocean Colour Scene at a number of UK gigs in a slot which had previously been filled by Coldplay.	Dan Sealey	guitar
instrument	Thomas Gansch (born December 31, 1975, St. Pölten) is a well-known, Vienna-based Austrian trumpet player.	Thomas Gansch	trumpet
instrument	Emile Christian played both cornet and trombone with the Papa Jack Laine bands.	Emile Christian	trombone
instrument	Selim Sesler (1957 -- May 9, 2014) was a Turkish clarinet virtuoso of Romani heritage.	Selim Sesler	clarinet
instrument	Alun Ashworth-Jones (31 October 1945 Saffron Walden, Essex -- 1 June 2008), known as Al Jones, was an influential English folk and blues songwriter, guitarist and singer, noted for his distinctive and original folk-rock guitar style and his often darkly humorous lyrics.	Al Jones	guitar
instrument	Tolgahan Çoğulu (born in 1978, Turkey) is a Turkish classical guitarist, arranger and designer of the adjustable microtonal guitar.	Tolgahan Çoğulu	guitar
instrument	Rosie Ledet (born October 25, 1971, Mary Roszela Bellard in Church Point, Louisiana, USA) is an American Creole Zydeco accordion player and singer.	Rosie Ledet	accordion
instrument	Ludwig Güttler (born 13 June 1943) is an internationally known German virtuoso on the Baroque trumpet, the piccolo trumpet and the corno da caccia.	Ludwig Güttler	trumpet
instrument	Rob Zombie albums have always had bombastic, almost danceable grooves, over the top guitar effects (...) and loads of B-movie sci-fi/horror lyrics.''	Rob Zombie	guitar
instrument	Jimmy Mazzy is a traditional jazz banjo player and vocalist.	Jimmy Mazzy	banjo
instrument	Mick Cooke (born 15 December 1973) was the trumpet player of the Scottish indie band Belle & Sebastian for fifteen years before leaving in 2013 to concentrate on composing full-time.	Mick Cooke	trumpet
instrument	Then, John Glascock played bass guitar, sang backup vocals, occasionally played synthesizers, and even sang lead vocals on a few songs.	John Glascock	guitar
instrument	Johann Christian Fischer (c. 1733 -- 29 April 1800) was a German composer and oboist, one of the best-known oboe soloists in Europe during the 1770s.	Johann Christian Fischer	oboe
instrument	Rick Kiefer (born 1939) is an American trumpet player who has spent most of his career as a professional musician in Germany.	Rick Kiefer	trumpet
instrument	Performing on the tenor and baritone saxophone, often with electronics and loops, Skerik is a pioneer in a playing style that has been dubbed saxophonics.	Skerik	saxophone
instrument	Luboš Andršt (born 26 July 1948, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech rock guitarist, composer and guitar teacher.	Luboš Andršt	guitar
instrument	Christophe Pratiffi is a classical guitar player born in France.	Christophe Pratiffi	guitar
instrument	Brian Fechino is a guitarist who grew up in Virginia, where at the age of 8 began learning as much about the guitar as possible.	Brian Fechino	guitar
instrument	Curtis Ousley (February 7, 1934 -- August 13, 1971), who performed under the stage name King Curtis, was an American saxophone virtuoso known for rhythm and blues, rock and roll, soul, blues, funk and soul jazz.	King Curtis	saxophone
licensed to broadcast to	WARQ is a radio station licensed to Columbia, South Carolina and serves the Columbia market.	WARQ	Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	WQVE (101.7 FM, ``V 101.7'') is a radio station serving Albany, Georgia, USA, and surrounding cities with an urban adult contemporary music format.	WQVE	Albany
licensed to broadcast to	CJME is a radio station in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, broadcasting at 980 kHz.	CJME	Regina
licensed to broadcast to	CBAM-FM is a radio station broadcasting at 106.1 MHz (FM) from Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada, and is the local Radio One station of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.	CBAM-FM	Moncton
licensed to broadcast to	WIBX (950 AM) is a talk radio station based in Utica, New York.	WIBX	Utica
licensed to broadcast to	KTMG (99.1 FM, ``Magic 99.1'') is an American commercial adult contemporary music radio station in Prescott, Arizona, broadcasting to the Prescott, Arizona, area.	KTMG	Prescott
licensed to broadcast to	KYSE is a Regional Mexican radio station at 94.7 FM in El Paso, Texas, airing the ``La Tricolor '' format from its owner, Entravision Communications.	KYSE	El Paso
licensed to broadcast to	WVMP is an Adult Album Alternative formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Vinton, Virginia, serving Metro Roanoke, Virginia.	WVMP	Vinton
licensed to broadcast to	CIMI-FM was a French-language talk radio and modern rock radio station in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	CIMI-FM	Quebec City
licensed to broadcast to	WJMZ-FM, 107.3 FM, is an urban contemporary radio station licensed to Anderson, South Carolina and serves the Upstate South Carolina region, including Greenville and Spartanburg.	WJMZ-FM	Anderson, South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pavlof Islands (Qudugin in Aleut) are a group of seven islands that lie south of Pavlof Bay on the Alaska Peninsula.	Pavlof Islands	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogdensburg Correctional Facility is a medium-security state prison for male prisoners, located in the northern part of St. Lawrence County, New York, USA.	Ogdensburg Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prince of Wales Mountains are a mountain range running along the central-east coast of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Prince of Wales Mountains	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coquelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department near Calais in northern France.	Coquelles	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colmenar Viejo is a town and municipality of about 44,000 inhabitants, located in the Community of Madrid, Spain, 30 kilometers north of Madrid on the M-607 motorway.	Colmenar Viejo	Community of Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	The WT Peterson Community Oval, best known as the Brunswick Street Oval and also as the Fitzroy Cricket Ground, is a cricket and Australian rules football ground located in Edinburgh Gardens in Fitzroy North, Victoria.	Brunswick Street Oval	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Laurent Centre (also known as St. Laurent) is a major shopping centre located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada owned and operated by Morguard REIT.	St. Laurent Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snow Creek Methodist Church and Burying Ground is a historic Methodist church building and cemetery located near Harmony, Iredell County, North Carolina.	Snow Creek Methodist Church and Burying Ground	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sovereign Hill is an open-air museum in Golden Point, a suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.	Sovereign Hill	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château des Milandes is a manor house in the commune of Castelnaud-la-Chapelle in the Dordogne département of France.	Château des Milandes	Castelnaud-la-Chapelle
manufacturer	The Hyundai 8 to 25-ton truck (hangul:현대트럭) is a line of heavy-duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai 8 to 25-ton truck	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The HTC Explorer, code-named Pico, is a smartphone developed by the HTC Corporation that was released in October 2011.	HTC Explorer	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	The Hyundai Global 900 (hangul:현대 글로벌900) is a heavy-duty bus built by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai Global 900	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	Some electronic engineering and the manufacture of Apple's MessagePad devices was undertaken in Japan by the Sharp Corporation.	MessagePad	Sharp Corporation
manufacturer	The TRW Low Maintenance Rifle or, LMR was an insurgency weapon designed by TRW Inc. (formerly Thompson Ramo Wooldridge) of the United States during the Vietnam War.	TRW Low Maintenance Rifle	TRW Inc.
manufacturer	British Aerospace Dynamics offered ALARM while Texas Instruments teamed with Lucas Aerospace offered its HARM missile.	ALARM	British Aerospace
manufacturer	Originally designated ZiL-115, the ZIL-4104 was an update of the ZIL-114 with which it shared the same chassis and over half its mechanical components.	ZIL-4104	ZiL
manufacturer	The Alfa Romeo 2300 is a Brazilian luxury sedan that was produced by FNM from 1974 to 1978, and by Fiat from 1978 to 1986.	Alfa Romeo 2300	Fiat
manufacturer	The ASM-N-5 Gorgon V was an unpowered air-to-surface missile, developed by the Glenn L. Martin Company during the early 1950s for use by the United States Navy as a chemical weapon delivery vehicle.	ASM-N-5 Gorgon V	Glenn L. Martin Company
manufacturer	The British Aerospace Skyflash was a medium-range semi-active radar homing air-to-air missile derived from the US AIM-7 Sparrow missile and carried by Royal Air Force F-4 Phantoms and Tornado F3s, Italian Aeronautica Militare and Royal Saudi Air Force Tornados and Swedish Flygvapnet Viggens.	Skyflash	British Aerospace
manufacturer	The Citroën Berlingo and Peugeot Partner are almost identical panel van and leisure activity vehicles produced by the PSA Peugeot Citroën alliance since 1996.	Citroën Berlingo	Peugeot	Peugeot Citroën
manufacturer	The Remington Model R-25 is semi-automatic gas-operated rifle manufactured by Remington Arms.	Remington Model R-25	Remington Arms
manufacturer	The Chevrolet Kodiak (also called GMC TopKick) is a line of medium duty trucks that was marketed and sold by General Motors from 1980 to 2009, when the company exited the medium-duty truck segment.	Chevrolet Kodiak	General Motors
manufacturer	The nuclear-powered USS John C. Stennis (CVN 74) was contracted on 29 March 1988, and the keel was laid on 13 March 1991 at Newport News Shipbuilding Company, Newport News, Virginia.	USS John C. Stennis	Newport News Shipbuilding
manufacturer	The Bücker Bü 180 Student was a 1930s German two-seat sporting/training aircraft built by Bücker Flugzeugbau.	Bücker Bü 180	Bücker Flugzeugbau
manufacturer	The AMC 35 (from Automitrailleuse de Combat Renault modèle 1935), also known under a manufacturer's designation Renault ACG-1, was a French medium cavalry tank of the later Interwar era that served in the Second World War.	AMC 35	Renault
manufacturer	The BFW M.20 (also known as the Messerschmitt M 20 after the designer's surname) was a German single-engine, high-wing monoplane 10-seat passenger transport aircraft, developed in the late 1920s and early 1930s.	BFW M.20	Messerschmitt
manufacturer	HMS L33 was a British L-class submarine built by Swan Hunter, Wallsend.	HMS L33	Swan Hunter
manufacturer	The BFW M.19, sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M 19 was the first in a line of German low-wing single-engine sports planes designed by Willy Messerschmitt while he worked for Bayerische Flugzeugwerke (BFW).	BFW M.19	Messerschmitt
manufacturer	The Ruger LC9 (standing for ``Lightweight Compact 9mm'') is a 9mm caliber, recoil-operated, locked breech, double action only, semi-automatic pistol announced by Sturm, Ruger & Co. at the 2011 SHOT Show.	Ruger LC9	Sturm, Ruger & Co.
manufacturer	The FN Special Police Rifle (FN SPR) is a bolt-action sniper rifle marketed by FNH USA, a subsidiary of the Belgian company FN Herstal.	FN Special Police Rifle	FN Herstal
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Raider is a pickup truck from Mitsubishi Motors that debuted in the fall of 2005 as a 2006 model for the United States market and is based largely on the Dodge Dakota.	Mitsubishi Raider	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The BFW M.27, sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M.27, was a German two-seat sports plane with a low, cantilever wing, open cockpits and a fixed undercarriage sold in small numbers at the start of the 1930s.	BFW M.27	Messerschmitt
manufacturer	The Bristol 410 was the fourth series of Chrysler V8-engined models from British manufacturer Bristol Cars.	Bristol 410	Bristol Cars
manufacturer	L'Austral was built in 2010 at Fincantieri's Ancona shipyard, Italy.	L'Austral	Fincantieri
manufacturer	The MAT-120 cargo bomb is a Spanish-produced cluster munition, fired from a 120mm calibre mortar produced by Instalaza SA. The main body of the round holds dual-purpose anti-tank/anti-personnel submunitions.	MAT-120	Instalaza
manufacturer	The Yamaha FJR1300A and FJR1300AE/AS are sport touring motorcycles made by Yamaha Motor Company.	Yamaha FJR1300	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	The Noble M600 is a handbuilt British supercar made by Noble Automotive in Leicestershire.	Noble M600	Noble Automotive
manufacturer	The Yamaha SRX is a motorcycle that was manufactured from 1985 to 1997 by the Yamaha Motor Company.	Yamaha SRX	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	The UGM-27 Polaris missile was a two-stage solid-fuel rocket nuclear-armed submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) built during the Cold War by Lockheed Corporation for the United States Navy.	UGM-27 Polaris	Lockheed
member of sports team	Liam Carberry (born 24 February 1993) is a rugby league player for Widnes Vikings in the European Super League.	Liam Carberry	Widnes Vikings
member of sports team	Łukasz Sierpina (born 27 March 1988) is a Polish footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Korona Kielce in the Ekstraklasa.	Łukasz Sierpina	Korona Kielce
member of sports team	Cuke Barrows (October 20, 1883 -- February 10, 1955) was a baseball outfielder who played for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball from 1909 to 1912.	Cuke Barrows	Chicago White Sox
member of sports team	Valerie Still (born 1961) is a former United States professional women's basketball player with the Washington Mystics of the WNBA.	Valerie Still	Washington Mystics
member of sports team	Mannie Jackson (born May 4, 1939) is the chairman and owner of the Harlem Globetrotters, for whom he played from 1962 to 1964.	Mannie Jackson	Harlem Globetrotters
member of sports team	Mykyta Kryukov (Ukrainian: Микита Олексійович Крюков, born 30 April 1991 in Donetsk, Donetsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Mykyta Kryukov	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Karol Kłos (born 8 August 1989) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów, 2014 World Champion, a bronze medalist of the 2011 European Championship and 2011 World League, Polish Champion (2011, 2014).	Karol Kłos	Skra Bełchatów
member of sports team	Mike Coman (born 28 September 1987) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as loose forward for Edinburgh Rugby in the Guinness Pro12.	Mike Coman	Edinburgh Rugby
member of sports team	Stijn Stijnen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈstɛin ˈstɛinə(n)); born 7 April 1981) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and the current sporting director of K.S.C. Hasselt.	Stijn Stijnen	K.S.C. Hasselt
member of sports team	Adrian Jacobs (born 14 August 1980) is a former South African rugby union player who played for the Natal Sharks provincially and The Sharks in Super Rugby.	Adrian Jacobs	Natal Sharks	Sharks
mother	Albsuinda was the only child of Alboin, King of the Lombards in Pannonia (reigned c. 560 -- 572), and his first wife Chlothsind, daughter of the Merovingian king of the Franks Chlothar (reigned 511 -- 561).	Albsuinda	Chlothsind
mother	Sunday Silence was foaled March 25, 1986, by Halo out of Wishing Well by Understanding.	Sunday Silence	Wishing Well
mother	Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll, GCVO, GBE, RRC, GCStJ, VA, CI (Louise Caroline Alberta; 18 March 1848 -- 3 December 1939), was the sixth child and fourth daughter of British Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.	Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll	Queen Victoria
mother	Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York, KG (5 June 1341 -- 1 August 1402) was the fourth surviving son of King Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault.	Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York	Philippa of Hainault
mother	Manuel II Palaiologos was the second son of Emperor John V Palaiologos and his wife Helena Kantakouzene.	Manuel II Palaiologos	Helena Kantakouzene
mother	Karigaila (Polish: Korygiełło, died on 16 September 1390 in Vilnius) was a son of Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and his second wife Uliana of Tver.	Karigaila	Uliana of Tver
mother	Tydeus was a son of Oeneus and either Periboea, Oeneus's second wife, or Gorge, Oeneus's daughter.	Tydeus	Gorge
mother	Magni Wentzel (born 28 June 1945 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (vocals and guitar), the daughter of musicians Odd Wentzel-Larsen and Åse Wentzel, and known for a number of jazz recordings.	Magni Wentzel	Åse Wentzel
mother	Catherine Jagiellon was born in Kraków as the youngest daughter of King Sigismund I the Old of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and his wife Bona Sforza of Milan.	Catherine Jagiellon	Bona Sforza
mother	Countess Emilia of Nassau (10 April 1569 -- 16 March 1629) was the third and youngest daughter of William the Silent and his second wife Anna of Saxony.	Countess Emilia of Nassau	Anna of Saxony
mother	Crato, Count of Nassau-Saarbrücken (7 April 1621 -- 25 Juli 1642, Straelen), was the oldest son of Count William Louis of Nassau-Saarbrücken and his wife, Landgravine Anna Amalia of Baden-Durlach.	Crato, Count of Nassau-Saarbrücken	Anna Amalia of Baden-Durlach
mother	Beatrice Alda (born August 10, 1961; New York City, New York) is an American actress who appeared in The Four Seasons and Men of Respect and is the daughter of Alan and Arlene Alda.	Beatrice Alda	Arlene Alda
mother	Infanta Blanca of Spain (7 September 1868 -- 25 October 1949) was the eldest child of Carlos, Duke of Madrid, Carlist claimant to the throne of Spain and his wife Princess Margherita of Bourbon-Parma.	Infanta Blanca of Spain	Princess Margherita of Bourbon-Parma
mother	It is sometimes asserted that Umm Ubays was the daughter of Al-Nahdiah.	Umm Ubays	Al-Nahdiah
mother	Alf Collett was the second son of Peter Jonas and Camilla Collett.	Alf Collett	Camilla Collett
mother	Philip I, Duke of Brabant, also known as Philip of Saint Pol (25 July 1404 -- Leuven, 4 August 1430), younger son of Antoine, Duke of Brabant and Jeanne of Saint-Pol, succeeded his brother John as Duke of Brabant in 1427.	Philip I, Duke of Brabant	Jeanne of Saint-Pol
mother	Tanuja was born in a Marathi family of four children,three daughters and a son, as Tanuja Samarth to poet Kumarsen Samarth and his wife Shobhna Samarth.	Tanuja	Shobhna Samarth
mother	Esha Deol (born 2 November 1981) is an Indian film actress and older daughter of film actors Dharmendra and Hema Malini.	Esha Deol	Hema Malini
mother	Muhammad Bidar Bakht (4 August 1670 -- 8 June 1707) was a Mughal prince as the eldest son of Muhammad Azam Shah, who briefly became Mughal Emperor in 1707, and his consort Jahanzeb Banu Begum.	Bidar Bakht	Jahanzeb Banu Begum
mother	Princess Sophia Dorothea of Prussia (German: Sophia Dorothea Marie von Preußen) (25 January 1719 -- 13 November 1765) was the ninth child and fifth daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover.	Princess Sophia Dorothea of Prussia	Sophia Dorothea of Hanover
mother	Lady Louise Windsor (Louise Alice Elizabeth Mary Mountbatten-Windsor; born 8 November 2003) is the elder child and only daughter of Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex.	Lady Louise Windsor	Sophie, Countess of Wessex
mother	Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie (born on 14 June 1960 in Addis Ababa) is the only son of Prince Sahle Selassie of Ethiopia and Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam.	Ermias Sahle Selassie	Mahisente Habte Mariam
mother	Mary of Lancaster, Baroness Percy (1320 -- 1 September 1362), was the youngest surviving child of Henry, 3rd Earl of Lancaster by his wife Maud Chaworth.	Mary of Lancaster	Maud Chaworth
mother	Ismihan Sultan (c. 1544 -- 7 August 1585) was an Ottoman princess, the daughter of Selim II (reign 1566-74) and Nurbanu Sultan.	Ismihan Sultan	Nurbanu Sultan
mother	Infanta Elena, Duchess of Lugo (Elena María Isabel Dominica de Silos de Borbón y de Grecia; born 20 December 1963 in Madrid) is the first child and elder daughter of Juan Carlos I of Spain and Queen Sofía of Spain, and third in the line of succession to the Spanish throne.	Infanta Elena, Duchess of Lugo	Queen Sofía of Spain
mother	Fakhr-un-Nissa (died 1501) was a Mughal princess as the eldest child of the first Mughal Emperor Babur and his Empress consort Aisha Sultan Begum.	Fakhr-un-Nissa	Aisha Sultan Begum
mother	The son of Tuor and Idril, daughter of Turgon, Eärendil was raised in Gondolin.	Eärendil	Idril
mouth of the watercourse	The Gölsen is a tributary of the Traisen that is located in the Lower Austrian region of Mostviertel.	Gölsen	Traisen
mouth of the watercourse	The Mlava (Serbian Cyrillic: Млава) is the river in Serbia, 158 km long right tributary of the Danube.	Mlava	Danube
mouth of the watercourse	The Dras River joins the Suru River at Kharul, 7 km (4.3 mi) north of the town of Kargil.	Dras River	Suru River
mouth of the watercourse	Nilahue River originates in Cordón Caulle volcano and discharges into Ranco Lake, being its second largest tributary after Calcurrupe River.	Nilahue River	Ranco Lake
mouth of the watercourse	The Bandiat is a small river that is 91 km long, a left tributary of the Tardoire.	Bandiat	Tardoire
mouth of the watercourse	The Epte is a river in Seine-Maritime and Eure, in Normandy, France.	Epte	Seine
mouth of the watercourse	The Andalién River is a river in the province of Concepcion that was formed north northeast of the city of Florida and flows west to and crosses part of the city of Concepción, Chile, and then north through the communes of Penco and Talcahuano, ending at the Bay of Concepción.	Andalién River	Bay of Concepción
mouth of the watercourse	The Ledava is the largest river of Goričko, northeastern Slovenia, and the largest tributary of the Mur River in Slovenia.	Ledava	Mur
mouth of the watercourse	Coolongolook River rises on the northern slopes below Mount Chapman within the Koolonock Range, near Wootton, and flows generally north and north northeast, joined by the Wallamba and Wallingat rivers, before reaching its confluence with Wallis Lake; descending 176 metres (577 ft) over its 47 kilometres (29 mi) course.	Coolongolook River	Wallis Lake
mouth of the watercourse	Bivane River, a tributary of the Pongola River, situated in the KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Bivane River	Pongola River
mouth of the watercourse	The Inde is a left (western) tributary of the River Rur (Roer River), in eastern Belgium and in North Rhine-Westphalia, western Germany.	Inde	Rur
mouth of the watercourse	The Arctic Red River is the name of a tributary to the Mackenzie River in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Arctic Red River	Mackenzie River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sheboygan River is a river flowing to Lake Michigan in eastern Wisconsin in the United States.	Sheboygan River	Lake Michigan
mouth of the watercourse	The Greys River is a tributary of the Snake River, flowing through western Wyoming in the United States.	Greys River	Snake River
mouth of the watercourse	The Garte is a small tributary to the Leine River in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Garte	Leine
mouth of the watercourse	The Pinch River, a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment, is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	Pinch River	Snowy River
mouth of the watercourse	Pambula River rises in timbered highlands near the locality of Lochiel and flows generally east, flowing through Pambula Lake, before reaching its mouth into the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean near the locality of Pambula Beach.	Pambula River	Tasman Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Nenana River (Lower Tanana: Nina No'') is a tributary of the Tanana River, approximately 140 miles (230 km) long, in central Alaska in the United States.	Nenana River	Tanana River
mouth of the watercourse	The Grünhirscher Stollen is discharging its waters into Sperrlutter.	Grünhirscher Stollen	Sperrlutter
mouth of the watercourse	Bolshaya Lyampa (Russian: Большая Лямпа) is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, a right tributary of Uls River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River.	Bolshaya Lyampa	Uls River
mouth of the watercourse	After cutting the Canadian National Railway track at 5.45 kilometres (3.39 mi) west of the Richelieu River, the Lacolle River runs directly east, in parallel (north side) to the Quebec Route 202 and the railway.	Lacolle River	Richelieu River
mouth of the watercourse	The Des Plaines River is a river that flows southward for 133 miles (214 km) through southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois in the United States Midwest, eventually meeting the Kankakee River west of Channahon to form the Illinois River, a tributary of the Mississippi River.	Des Plaines River	Illinois River
mouth of the watercourse	The Anseba River (Tigrinya: ኣንሰባ?) is a tributary of the Barka River in Eritrea with a length of 346 kilometers.	Anseba River	Barka River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sesia (Latin Sesites or Sessites) is a river in north-western Italy, tributary to the Po.	Sesia	Po
mouth of the watercourse	The Owyhee River is a tributary of the Snake River located in northern Nevada, southwestern Idaho and southeastern Oregon in the United States.	Owyhee River	Snake River
mouth of the watercourse	Bimberamala River, a perennial river of the Clyde River catchment, is located in the Southern Tablelands and the upper ranges of the South Coast regions of New South Wales, Australia.	Bimberamala River	Clyde River
mouth of the watercourse	The river Loimijoki is a river in Finland and the longest tributary of the river Kokemäenjoki.	Loimijoki	Kokemäenjoki
mouth of the watercourse	The Blanda is a river in Iceland which flows northwards from the northwest side of the Hofsjökull glacier into Húnaflói bay at Blönduós.	Blanda	Húnaflói
mouth of the watercourse	It flow near La Salute di Livenza and finally enters the Adriatic Sea near Caorle.	Livenza	Adriatic Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The River Camac (sometimes spelled Cammock, or, historically, Cammoge or Cammoke; Irish: An Chamóg or Abhainn na Camóige) is one of the larger rivers in Dublin and was one of four tributaries of the Liffey critical to the early development of the city.	River Camac	Liffey
mouth of the watercourse	Murray Mouth is the point at which the River Murray meets the Southern Ocean.	Murray Mouth	Southern Ocean
named after	Golgi's method is a silver staining technique discovered by Italian physician and scientist Camillo Golgi (1843--1926) in 1873 that is used to visualize nervous tissue under light microscopy.	Golgi's method	Camillo Golgi
named after	USS Bordelon (DD/DDR-881) was one of 98 World War II Gearing-class destroyers of the United States Navy, and was named for Marine Staff Sergeant William J. Bordelon (1920--1943), who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism in the Battle of Tarawa.	USS Bordelon	William J. Bordelon
named after	In mathematics, Serre's multiplicity conjectures, named after Jean-Pierre Serre, are certain purely algebraic problems, in commutative algebra, motivated by the needs of algebraic geometry.	Serre's multiplicity conjectures	Jean-Pierre Serre
named after	Aptostichus stephencolberti is a species of trapdoor spider named after the American satirist Stephen Colbert.	Aptostichus stephencolberti	Stephen Colbert
named after	Georg Cantor (1884) introduced the Cantor function and mentioned that Scheeffer pointed out that it was a counterexample to an extension of the fundamental theorem of calculus claimed by Harnack.	Cantor function	Georg Cantor
named after	The Max Planck Society for the Advancement of Science (German: Max-Planck-Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften e. V.; abbreviated MPG) is a formally independent non-governmental and non-profit association of German research institutes founded in 1948 and named in honor of its former president, theoretical physicist Max Planck.	Max Planck Society	Max-Planck
named after	Dawkinsia is named after the evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in recognition of his ``contribution to the public understanding of science, particularly, of evolutionary science''.	Dawkinsia	Richard Dawkins
named after	The Kifisias railway station is a railway station located on Kifisias Avenue in Marousi, Greece.	Kifisias railway station	Kifisias Avenue
named after	2959 Scholl, provisional designation 1983 RE2, is an asteroid of the outer main-belt, named after German astronomer Hans Scholl.	2959 Scholl	Hans Scholl
named after	The Lehmann discontinuity is an abrupt increase of P-wave and S-wave velocities at the depth of 220±30 km, discovered by seismologist Inge Lehmann.	Lehmann discontinuity	Inge Lehmann
narrative location	Just Heroes (Chinese: 義膽群英) is a 1989 Hong Kong crime film, directed by John Woo and Wu Ma.	Just Heroes	Hong Kong
narrative location	Virtua Tennis 2009 (Power Smash: Live Match! in Japan) is a 2009 video game developed by Sumo Digital and published by Sega.	Virtua Tennis 2009	Japan
narrative location	Bering Sea Gold is a reality television series set in Nome, Alaska that airs on Discovery Channel, with reruns also airing on TLC.	Bering Sea Gold	Alaska
narrative location	K.W. Jeter Morlock Night uses the ideas of H. G. Wells in which the Morlocks of The Time Machine themselves use the device to travel back into the past and menace Victorian London.	Morlock Night	London
narrative location	Bullets Over Summer is a 1999 Hong Kong action film directed by Wilson Yip and starring Francis Ng and Louis Koo.	Bullets Over Summer	Hong Kong
narrative location	Secret Diary of a Call Girl is a British television drama broadcast on ITV2 from 2007 to 2011 based on the blog and books by the pseudonymous ``Belle de Jour,'' starring Billie Piper as Belle, a high-class London call girl.	Secret Diary of a Call Girl	London
narrative location	Appenzell, Switzerland Daniele Birman, a young Swiss landowner, is in love with Betly, a beautiful and independent girl, who, however, doesn't return his feelings.	Betly	Switzerland
narrative location	Violent Saturday was filmed in color, on location in Bisbee, Arizona.	Violent Saturday	Arizona
narrative location	Emmerdale (known as Emmerdale Farm until 1989) is a long-running British soap opera set in Emmerdale (known as Beckindale until 1994), a fictional village in the Yorkshire Dales.	Emmerdale	Yorkshire
narrative location	Set in an Alexandra slum, in Johannesburg, South Africa, the film tells the story of Tsotsi, a young street thug who steals a car only to discover a baby in the back seat.	Tsotsi	South Africa
occupation	Ward Crane (May 18, 1890 -- July 21, 1928) was a silent film actor popular in comedies and dramas.	Ward Crane	actor
occupation	Thomas Battersbee (22 June 1794 -- July 1865) was an English cricketer who played for Kent.	Thomas Battersbee	cricketer
occupation	Binho Marques (born October 29, 1962, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian politician, and was the Governor of Acre from 2006 to 2010, when the government was assumed by Tião Viana.	Binho Marques	politician
occupation	Per Waldemar Hammenhög (April 18, 1902 -- November 1, 1972) was a Swedish writer and novelist.	Waldemar Hammenhög	writer
occupation	Simon Goodrich (1773--1847) was an engineer to the British Navy Board.	Simon Goodrich	engineer
occupation	Ridley Bent is a Canadian country singer-songwriter.	Ridley Bent	singer
occupation	Robert Budreau (born January 25, 1974) is a Canadian director, screenwriter and producer at his production company Lumanity with offices in Toronto, and North Bay.	Robert Budreau	screenwriter
occupation	Gregor Piatigorsky (Russian: Григо́рий Па́влович Пятиго́рский, Grigoriy Pavlovich Pyatigorskiy; April 17 (O.S. April 4) 1903 -- August 6, 1976) was a Russian-born American cellist.	Gregor Piatigorsky	cellist
occupation	Leo Arnaud or Léo Arnaud (/ˈleɪ.oʊ ɑrˈnoʊ/; July 24, 1904 -- April 26, 1991) was a French-American composer of film scores, best known for ``Bugler's Dream'', which is used as the theme by television networks presenting the Olympic Games in the United States.	Leo Arnaud	composer
occupation	Xianzi of Han (Chinese: 韩献子; pinyin: Hán Xiànzǐ), ancestral name Jì (姬), clan name Hán (韩), personal name Jué (厥), and posthumously known as Xianzi of Han, was the fifth head of the House of Han and a Jin politician and general.	Xianzi of Han	politician
original network	The Gnoufs is an animated cartoon created by Bertrand Santini that was shown on France 3.	The Gnoufs	France 3
original network	Biker Battleground Phoenix is a scripted reality television series developed for the History Channel.	Biker Battleground Phoenix	History
original network	Sawaal Dus Crore Ka was an Indian television reality game show series that aired on Zee TV.	Sawaal Dus Crore Ka	Zee TV
original network	The Sunshine Hour is a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976.	The Sunshine Hour	CBC Television
original network	Brooke Knows Best is a VH1 reality series spin off from the hit VH1 reality program, Hogan Knows Best.	Brooke Knows Best	VH1
original network	Glenroe was a television drama series broadcast on RTÉ One in Ireland between September 1983, when the first episode was aired, and May 2001, when the last episode went out on Sunday evening television in Ireland.	Glenroe	RTÉ One
original network	India Calling was a Hindi television serial that airs on STAR One from Monday to Friday at 7:30 PM IST.	India Calling	STAR One
original network	Show Me Yours is a Canadian comedy television series originally aired on Showcase between May 26, 2004 and May 31, 2005.	Show Me Yours	Showcase
original network	Hot Stove is an offseason baseball talk show that airs on MLB Network and is simulcast on MLB Network Radio.	Hot Stove	MLB Network
original network	Spring Break Challenge is a one-off MTV reality game show spun off from MTV's long-running reality game show, The Challenge.	Spring Break Challenge	MTV
original network	The New Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is an American children's television series that originally aired on NBC from September 15, 1968 through February 23, 1969.	The New Adventures of Huckleberry Finn	NBC
original network	All in the Family is an American sitcom that was originally broadcast on the CBS television network from January 12, 1971, to April 8, 1979.	All in the Family	CBS
original network	The Magic Clown was an NBC TV series which ran from 1949 to 1954.	The Magic Clown	NBC
original network	Mamamia Show is a singing contest reality television show broadcast on the Indonesian TV channel Indosiar.	Mamamia Show	Indosiar
original network	Car 54, Where Are You? is an American sitcom that ran on NBC from 1961 to 1963, and was about two New York police officers based at the fictional 53rd precinct in The Bronx.	Car 54, Where Are You?	NBC
original network	Cara Fi (Love Me) is a Welsh romantic comedy-drama series that first broadcast in November 2014 on S4C, and was later made available on the BBC iPlayer.	Cara Fi	S4C
original network	What's the Story is an American television game show broadcast on the DuMont Television Network from July 25, 1951 to September 23, 1955 and aired in eleven different timeslots.	What's the Story	DuMont Television Network
original network	R. K. Laxman Ki Duniya was an Indian comedy TV show on SAB TV.	R. K. Laxman Ki Duniya	SAB TV
original network	The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan (sometimes abbreviated as The Amazing Chan Clan) is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions, animated by Eric Porter Studios in Australia and broadcast on CBS from September 9, 1972 to December 30, 1972.	The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan	CBS
original network	Wire in the Blood is a British crime drama television series, created and produced by Coastal Productions for the ITV network that ran from 2002 to 2008.	Wire in the Blood	ITV
original network	Jersey No. 10 is an Indian television series that premiered on November 5, 2007 on SAB TV.	Jersey No. 10	SAB TV
original network	The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell is an hour-long weeknight news and political commentary program on MSNBC.	The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell	MSNBC
original network	Jenna's American Sex Star is an adult pay-per-view reality television series hosted by Jenna Jameson on Playboy TV that ran from 2005 until 2006.	Jenna's American Sex Star	Playboy TV
original network	Fox & Friends First is a morning television news program on Fox News Channel.	Fox & Friends First	Fox News Channel
original network	Saturday Primetime, officially Saturday Primetime presented by DirecTV, is an American television program that appears on ESPN during the college basketball regular season.	Saturday Primetime	ESPN
original network	Texas Car Wars was an American reality documentary television series on the Discovery Channel.	Texas Car Wars	Discovery Channel
original network	Ghost Hunters is an American paranormal reality television series that premiered on October 6, 2004, on Syfy (previously the Sci Fi Channel).	Ghost Hunters	Syfy
original network	¡Mucha Lucha! (later known as ¡Mucha Lucha!: Gigante) is an American-Mexican-Canadian animated television series that premiered on Kids' WB on August 17, 2002.	¡Mucha Lucha!	Kids' WB
original network	Video Mods was a television series that aired on MTV2.	Video Mods	MTV2
original network	The People's Book of Records was featured as part of a £430 million season of new television programming on Channel 4 during 2003, and ran for a single series of nine 30-minute weekly episodes.	The People's Book of Records	Channel 4
original network	My Great Big Adventure is an Australian children's television series aired on ABC3 on 29 January 2012.	My Great Big Adventure	ABC3
original network	Magicland was a television magic show for children that ran for 23 years on the Memphis, Tennessee, station WMC-TV.	Magicland	WMC-TV
original network	The Frankie Howerd Show was a Canadian comedy television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976.	The Frankie Howerd Show	CBC Television
original network	Scotsport was a Scottish sports television programme, broadcast on STV in northern and central Scotland, as well as on ITV Border in southern Scotland.	Scotsport	STV
original network	Liberty's Kids is an animated educational historical fiction television series produced by DIC Entertainment, originally broadcast on PBS Kids from September 2, 2002 to April 4, 2003, although PBS continued to air reruns until 2006.	Liberty's Kids	PBS
original network	Pobre señorita Limantour (English title: Poor Miss Limantour) is a Mexican telenovela broadcast on El Canal de las Estrellas in 1987.	Pobre señorita Limantour	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	DinoSquad is an American animated television series that was produced by DIC Entertainment (Now DHX Media) and aired on the KEWLopolis block on CBS from November 3, 2007 - September 12, 2009.	DinoSquad	CBS
original network	Boston's Finest is an American reality television series on TNT which chronicles the daily operations of the Boston Police Department.	Boston's Finest	TNT
original network	Saving Babies is an Australian medical documentary television series that screened on Network Ten from 15 February 2007 to 29 March 2007; airing seven episodes.	Saving Babies	Network Ten
original network	My Living Doll is an American science fiction sitcom that aired for 26 episodes on CBS from September 27, 1964 to March 17, 1965.	My Living Doll	CBS
original network	Dating Naked is an American reality series shown on VH1, which debuted on July 17, 2014.	Dating Naked	VH1
original network	Biff Baker, U.S.A. is an American crime drama television series that aired on CBS from November 6, 1952, to March 26, 1953 starring Alan Hale, Jr. as Cold War spy Biff Baker.	Biff Baker, U.S.A.	CBS
original network	Picker Sisters is an American reality television show airing on the Lifetime network.	Picker Sisters	Lifetime
original network	Palibhasa Lalake (Just Because (You're) A Man) is a Philippine TV sitcom series on ABS-CBN which ran from 1987 to 1998 and directed by Johnny Manahan.	Palibhasa Lalake	ABS-CBN
original network	Simply Shekhar is an Indian late-night talk show that was hosted by popular comedy-actor Shekhar Suman, on Zee TV.	Simply Shekhar	Zee TV
original network	Scam City is a television show which started airing on Travel + Escape in June 2012, and has subsequently aired on the National Geographic Channel, and in Australia on the subscription channel Nat Geo People.	Scam City	Travel + Escape
original network	Way Out Games aired on CBS from September 11, 1976 to September 4, 1977 and was hosted by Sonny Fox.	Way Out Games	CBS
original network	Shaqtin' a Fool is a weekly television show that is shown during Inside the NBA, the postgame show of NBA on TNT following the conclusion of National Basketball Association (NBA) games airing on cable TV channel TNT.	Shaqtin' a Fool	TNT
original network	The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon is an American hit late-night talk show hosted by Jimmy Fallon on NBC.	The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon	NBC
original network	Undercover Princes is a BBC Three reality TV show which took three royal claimants from foreign cultures and placed them in Brighton where they had to 'live and date' like normal people.	Undercover Princes	BBC Three
original network	Teen Mom, renamed Teen Mom OG since the fifth season, is an American reality television series that premiered on December 8, 2009 on MTV.	Teen Mom	MTV
original network	European Parliament Report is an Irish television programme broadcast on RTÉ One and RTÉ News Now.	European Parliament Report	RTÉ One
original network	``Winter Is Coming'' is the first episode of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones.	Winter Is Coming	HBO
original network	Sight and Cast is a Canadian outdoors television series which aired on CBC Television from 1965 to 1966.	Sight and Cast	CBC Television
original network	Europe Tonight was an evening television business news programme which was broadcast on CNBC Europe from 2004 to 2009.	Europe Tonight	CNBC Europe
original network	Sunday Night Baseball is an exclusive weekly telecast of a Major League Baseball game that airs Sunday nights at 8 p.m. ET on ESPN during the regular season (the official name is ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball Presented by Taco Bell; previous presenting sponsors included Nextel and Bank of America.)	Sunday Night Baseball	ESPN
original network	It's Anybody's Guess is an American game show broadcast on NBC from June 13 to September 30, 1977.	It's Anybody's Guess	NBC
original network	The Reid Report was an hour-long weekday U.S. and world political commentary program on MSNBC.	The Reid Report	MSNBC
original network	My Bare Lady is a 2006 United Kingdom-based reality TV show that aired on the Fox Reality Channel.	My Bare Lady	Fox Reality Channel
original network	Paul Bernard, Psychiatrist is a Canadian dramatic television series which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1972.	Paul Bernard, Psychiatrist	CBC Television
original network	The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour was an American comedy and variety show television series hosted by the Smothers Brothers and initially airing on CBS from 1967 to 1969.	The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour	CBS
original network	Doctor Who finally returned with the episode ``Rose'' on BBC One on 26 March 2005.	Doctor Who	BBC One
original network	Alt for Norge (All for Norway, though marketed in the United States as The Great Norway Adventure) is a Norwegian reality television series which debuted in 2010 and appears on TVNorge and hosted by Henriette Bruusgaard.	Alt for Norge	TVNorge
original network	Pepper Dennis is a comedy-drama television series that aired on The WB from April to July 4, 2006.	Pepper Dennis	The WB
original network	18 to Life is a Canadian television sitcom that debuted on January 4, 2010, on CBC Television.	18 to Life	CBC Television
original network	Válgame Dios, is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Carolina de Jacobo for Venevisión.	Válgame Dios	Venevisión
original network	Wizadora is a children's television programme broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom from 5 January 1993 to 3 February 1998.	Wizadora	ITV
original network	My Tiny Terror is an American reality television series that premiered on Animal Planet on May 30, 2014.	My Tiny Terror	Animal Planet
original network	Côr Cymru is a Welsh TV Competition searching for the best choir in Wales, and airing every 2 years on S4C.	Côr Cymru	S4C
original network	Cory in the House is a television show, which aired on the Disney Channel from January 12, 2007 to September 13, 2008 and was a spin-off from the Disney show That's So Raven.	Cory in the House	Disney Channel
original network	Día a Día con Raymond y Dagmar is a variety program at 2:00 pm on WKAQ-TV Telemundo Puerto Rico with Raymond Arrieta and Dagmar.	Día a Día con Raymond y Dagmar	WKAQ-TV
original network	Histeria! was aired on Kids' WB from 1998 to 2000, which continued to air reruns until August 30, 2001.	Histeria!	Kids' WB
original network	Search for Tomorrow is an American soap opera that aired on CBS from September 3, 1951 to March 26, 1982, and on NBC from March 29, 1982 to December 26, 1986.	Search for Tomorrow	CBS
original network	The Kremandala Show is a Belizean political commentary talk show airing on Krem Radio and Krem Television.	The Kremandala Show	Krem Television
original network	Championship Wrestling from Hollywood (CWFH) formerly (NWA Championship Wrestling from Hollywood) is a professional wrestling television program that airs on KDOC-TV Los Angeles in the United States.	Championship Wrestling from Hollywood	KDOC-TV
original network	Puppets Who Kill is a Canadian television comedy programme produced by PWK Productions and originally broadcast on The Comedy Network.	Puppets Who Kill	The Comedy Network
original network	Designer Guys was a Canadian design show on HGTV, created by Mary Darling and produced by WestWind Pictures.	Designer Guys	HGTV
original network	Edgewise is an hour-long television news magazine program that aired on MSNBC from 1996 to 1997.	Edgewise	MSNBC
original network	Tee to Green is a Canadian sports education television series which was broadcast on CBC Television in 1970.	Tee to Green	CBC Television
original network	Fish Warrior is a television series on National Geographic Channel hosted by Jakub Vágner.	Fish Warrior	National Geographic Channel
original network	Educating Essex is a British documentary television programme produced by Twofour for Channel 4 that ran for seven episodes from September to November 2011.	Educating Essex	Channel 4
original network	Kaputol ng Isang Awit or Unsung Melody (international title) is a Philippine drama airing on GMA Network, as the seventh installment of Sine Novela.	Kaputol ng Isang Awit	GMA Network
original network	Totally Clueless is an American hidden camera game show on MTV that premiered on October 22, 2012.	Totally Clueless	MTV
original network	Drop the Beat was a Canadian television series produced by Back Alley Films, which aired on CBC Television in 2000.	Drop the Beat	CBC Television
original network	Gross! is a cartoon television show that aired on children's channel Discovery Kids.	Gross!	Discovery Kids
original network	Dirty Sally is an American comedy-drama Western series which ran on CBS from January 11 until April 5, 1974.	Dirty Sally	CBS
parent taxon	Today Acanthopholis is considered a member of the Nodosauridae within the Ankylosauria.	Acanthopholis	Ankylosauria
parent taxon	The American cockroach (Periplaneta americana), also colloquially known as the waterbug, but not a true waterbug since it is not aquatic, or misidentified as the palmetto bug (see Florida woods cockroach for the differences), is the largest species of common cockroach, and often considered a pest.	American cockroach	Periplaneta
parent taxon	Laevinesta atlantica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Laevinesta atlantica	Fissurellidae
parent taxon	Caspian tyulka, Clupeonella caspia, is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family.	Caspian tyulka	Clupeonella
parent taxon	Hippomane is a genus of plants in the Euphorbiaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753.	Hippomane	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Microscopically, Lactarius species have elliptical, rarely globoid spores with amyloid ornamentation in the form of more or less prominent warts or spines, connected by ridges, like other members of the Russulaceae family.	Lactarius	Russulaceae
parent taxon	The Rodrigues parrot (Necropsittacus rodricanus) is an extinct parrot in the family Psittaculidae.	Rodrigues parrot	Necropsittacus
parent taxon	Underwood's water mouse (Rheomys underwoodi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Underwood's water mouse	Rheomys
parent taxon	The Centralian tree frog (Litoria gilleni) is a large species of tree frog native to a small area in central Australia.	Centralian tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Lyciasalamandra is a genus of salamander in the Salamandridae family, native to Turkey and Greece.	Lyciasalamandra	Salamandridae
participant of	Francesco Dapiran (December 15, 1920 -- April 18, 2015) was an Italian rower who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.	Francesco Dapiran	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roger Walkowiak (pronounced: (ʁɔ.ʒe wal.kov.jak); born March 2, 1927) is a French former road bicycle racer who won the 1956 Tour de France.	Roger Walkowiak	Tour de France
participant of	Hans Burkhard (born 24 December 1973) is a Liechtenstein cyclist and former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.	Hans Burkhard	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Albert Thévenon (September 16, 1901 in Lyon -- May 10, 1959 in Paris) was a French water polo player who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Albert Thévenon	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kate Hooven (born January 3, 1985) is an American synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Kate Hooven	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dieter Kühn (born 4 July 1956 in Leipzig, Saxony) is a former football (soccer) player from East Germany, who won the silver medal with the East German national team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Dieter Kühn	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Primitivo Martínez (born 24 September 1911, date of death unknown) was a Filipino basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Primitivo Martínez	1936 Summer Olympics	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Angelina Grün (born December 2, 1979 in Dushanbe, Soviet Union (now capital of Tajikistan) is a German volleyball player, who was a member of the German Women's Team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Grün also competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Angelina Grün	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kelly Stefanyshyn (born July 6, 1982) is a Canadian competitive swimmer and backstroke specialist who represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Kelly Stefanyshyn	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Victor Henny (30 October 1887 in Salatiga, Dutch East Indies -- 12 July 1941 in London, United Kingdom) was a Dutch athlete, who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.	Victor Henny	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sadiq Abdullahi (born February 2, 1960) is a former tennis player from Nigeria, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, where he was defeated in the first round by Spain's Javier Sánchez.	Sadiq Abdullahi	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Valerio Sánchez is a field hockey player who competed for Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Valerio Sánchez	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henri Cornet (born Henri Jardry, Desvres, France, 4 August 1884, died Prunay-le-Gillon, 18 March 1941) was a French cyclist who won the 1904 Tour de France.	Henri Cornet	Tour de France
participant of	Ragnar Mattson (January 5, 1892 -- December 5, 1965), also Bernlöf, was a Swedish athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Ragnar Mattson	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vladimír Jarý (born January 2, 1947) is a Czechoslovak handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Vladimír Jarý	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhang Chujun (born 14 May 1976) is a Chinese sailor who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Chujun	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Worapoj Petchkoom (born May 18, 1981, Thai: วรพจน์ เพชรขุ้ม) is a Thai boxer who competed in the bantamweight (54 kg) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal losing to Cuban superstar Guillermo Rigondeaux.	Worapoj Petchkoom	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eldrine (stylised as ƎLDRINE and also known as Eldraini) is a Georgian nu metal band that represented Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song ``One More Day''.	Eldrine	Eurovision Song Contest 2011
participant of	Caroline Fletcher (later Metten) (November 22, 1906 -- April 3, 1998) was an American diver who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Caroline Fletcher	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lothar Thoms (born 18 May 1956) is a retired track cyclist from East Germany, who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Russia.	Lothar Thoms	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lindsay Seemann (born September 22, 1992) is a Canadian swimmer who participated in the 200-metre backstroke at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lindsay Seemann	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Softengine is a Finnish alternative rock band that represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark, with their song ``Something Better''.	Softengine	Eurovision Song Contest 2014
participant of	Abdelhak Achik (born March 11, 1959) is a former Moroccan amateur boxer, who won the bronze medal in the men's featherweight (-- 57 kg) category at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.	Abdelhak Achik	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dragutin Babić (1897 -- 17 May 1945) was a Croatian footballer who represented the national team of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics.	Dragutin Babić	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lawrence Allen (born 25 April 1921) is a British former racewalker who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Lawrence Allen	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Afro-dite came together to sing the song ``Never let it go'' for the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.	Afro-dite	Eurovision Song Contest 2002
participant of	Fahir Özgüden (1933 -- 8 August 1979) was a Turkish hurdler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Fahir Özgüden	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hendrik van Heuckelum (6 May 1879, The Hague -- 28 April 1929, The Hague), nicknamed Henk, was a Dutch football player who represented Belgium at the 1900 Summer Olympics, and won a bronze medal in the soccer tournament.	Hendrik van Heuckelum	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bridget Franek (born November 8, 1987) is an American middle distance runner who has made the U.S. Olympic team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 3000 meter steeplechase.	Bridget Franek	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicole Richardson (born 26 June 1970 in Melbourne) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Nicole Richardson	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alphonse Achille Souchard (17 May 1900 -- 24 September 1976) was a French cyclist who competed in the road race at the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Achille Souchard	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Raika Fujii (born 5 July 1974) is a Japanese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Raika Fujii	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sybil Fenton Newall (17 October 1854 -- 24 June 1929), best known as Queenie Newall, was an English archer who won the gold medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.	Queenie Newall	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arvi Aavik (born 31 December 1969, Viljandi) is an Estonian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Arvi Aavik	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ljiljana Mugoša (Serbian: Љиљана Мугоша, born April 10, 1962 in Titograd, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Ljiljana Mugoša	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marie Line, also known as Marie Line Marolany or Maro Lany, is a French singer that took part in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 for France.	Marie Line	Eurovision Song Contest 1998
participant of	The 1st Venezuelan Rifles (Spanish: 1.er Regimiento de Rifles de Venezuela) was a nominally Irish regiment that took part in the Venezuelan War of Independence.	1st Venezuelan Rifles	Venezuelan War of Independence
participant of	Genowefa Kobielska (later Cejzikowa, later Zimnochova, April 24, 1906 -- July 16, 1993) was a Polish track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Genowefa Kobielska	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandra Caldarone (born 15 October 1972), better known as Sandra Kim, is a Belgian singer of Italian descent who won the Eurovision Song Contest 1986.	Sandra Kim	Eurovision Song Contest 1986
participant of	Benn Harradine (born 14 October 1982 in Newcastle, New South Wales) is an Australian discus thrower who was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.	Benn Harradine	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shinji Ito (born 11 June 1963) is a former Japanese swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Shinji Ito	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mohammad Mansha (born June 9, 1962) was a Pakistan sprinter who represented the country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, in both the 100 and 200 metres events.	Mohammad Mansha	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Georges Anthony was a Belgian rowing coxswain who won a bronze medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Georges Anthony	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	The Shiru Group was the Israeli band that represented Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 held in Millstreet, Ireland.	The Shiru Group	Eurovision Song Contest 1993
participant of	Menggenjimisu won a Gold Medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics F40 Discus competing under the name Jimisu Menggen.	Menggenjimisu	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Benjamín Ramón Astudillo is an Argentine football defender who played for Argentina in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Ramón Astudillo	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Rudy Kuntner (June 10, 1908 in Vienna, Austria -- December 16, 1982 in Rego Park, New York) was a U.S.-Austrian soccer forward who was a member of the U.S. team at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Rudy Kuntner	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stefan Grützner (born 29 June 1948 in Chemnitz) is a German former weightlifter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Stefan Grützner	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean Hoffman (born 29 September 1893 - died ?) was a Belgian water polo player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Jean Hoffman	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karine Legault (born August 4, 1978) is a former freestyle swimmer who competed for Canada at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Karine Legault	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Omar Naber won Bitka talentov, the Slovenian version of the Battle of the talents, and participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 with ``Stop'' (in Slovene), a song he had composed himself.	Omar Naber	Eurovision Song Contest 2005
participant of	Isolde Kostner (born 20 March 1975) is an Italian former Alpine skier who won two bronze medals at the 1994 Winter Olympics and 1 silver medal at 2002 Winter Olympics.	Isolde Kostner	1994 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	In 1972, Ze'ev Friedman competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany as a weightlifter.	Ze'ev Friedman	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Florian Schwarthoff (born May 7, 1968 in Dortmund) is a former German hurdler best known for winning a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Florian Schwarthoff	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Akemi Sugiyama (Japanese: 杉山 明美; born March 1, 1965) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Akemi Sugiyama	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marzena Karpińska (born February 19, 1988 in Biłgoraj) is a Polish weightlifter who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Marzena Karpińska	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jin Jong-oh (born 24 September 1979 in Gangwon) is a South Korea sports shooter who competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Jin Jong-oh	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Werner Christoph (born 13 January 1943) was a German sailor who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Werner Christoph	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dixon Boardman (March 26, 1880 -- October 15, 1954) was an American track and field athlete who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.	Dixon Boardman	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anatoliy Yulin (Belarusian: Анатоль Юлін; 9 March 1929 -- 29 August 2002) was a Belarusian athlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Anatoliy Yulin	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Péter Abay (born 13 May 1962) is a Hungarian fencer, who won a silver medal in the team sabre competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona together with György Nébald, Bence Szabó, Imre Bujdosó and Csaba Köves.	Péter Abay	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Władysław Kozakiewicz (born 8 December 1953) is a Polish pole vault jumper, an Olympic champion at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Władysław Kozakiewicz	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Prasiddha Jung Shah (Nepali: प्रसिद्ध जंग शाह) (born 3 June 1989) is a Nepalese swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Prasiddha Jung Shah	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gilbert Lenin Castillo Rivera (born August 21, 1988) is a Dominican professional boxer who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Gilbert Lenin Castillo	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Patrick Meek (born November 10, 1985) is American speed skater who represented the United States at the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Patrick Meek	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Barbara Harel (born 5 May 1977) is a French judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Barbara Harel	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hector Llatser (born 10 November 1957) is a French former sprinter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Hector Llatser	1976 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandra Vander-Heyden (born December 26, 1964 in Nashua, New Hampshire) is an American former field hockey player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Sandra Vander-Heyden	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Su Huijuan (simplified Chinese: 苏惠娟; traditional Chinese: 蘇惠娟; pinyin: Sū Huìjuān; born April 3, 1964) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Su Huijuan	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giulio Chiesa (23 April 1928 -- 14 July 2010) was an Italian pole vaulter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Giulio Chiesa	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fabiano Bruzzi is a Brazilian Paralympic footballer that won Silver medal for his participation in 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece.	Fabiano Bruzzi	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Brian Holm Sørensen (born 2 October 1962) is a retired Danish professional rider in road bicycle racing from 1986 to 1998, who rode for Team Telekom from 1993 to 1997 and was part of the team that brought his fellow Dane Bjarne Riis to victory in the 1996 Tour de France.	Brian Holm	Tour de France
participant of	Hassan Sardar (Urdu: حسن سردار) (born October 22, 1959 in Karachi, Pakistan) is a former field hockey player and captain from Pakistan, who won the golden medal with the Men's National Hockey Team at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Hassan Sardar	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Zikeli (October 10, 1910 -- February 6, 1999) was a Romanian field handball player of German origin who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Hans Zikeli	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Edward Vaughan Bevan (3 November 1907 -- 22 February 1988) was a British doctor and rower who won a gold medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam.	Edward Vaughan Bevan	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ashley Carey (born 23 May 1969) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the team that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Ashley Carey	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Song Seung-tae (born January 3, 1972) is a field hockey striker from South Korea, who was a member of the Men's National Team that won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Song Seung-tae	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Folkert Meeuw (born 11 November 1946) is a German former swimmer who competed at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics, and won a silver medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay in 1972.	Folkert Meeuw	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joachim Kunz (born February 9, 1959) is a German weightlifter who competed for East Germany in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Joachim Kunz	1980 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gastone Pierini (born September 27, 1899, died in 1967 in Brazil) was an Italian weightlifter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics, in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Gastone Pierini	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Russell Butler (born 6 March 1968) is an Australian former diver who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Russell Butler	1988 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	György Mizsei (born November 30, 1971 in Kiskunfélegyháza) was a Hungarian boxer, who won a bronze medal in the light middleweight division at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	György Mizsei	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alfredo Peñaloza Carmona (born 31 March 1947 in Mexico City) is a Mexican former long-distance runner who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Alfredo Peñaloza	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert Michant was a Belgian water polo player and won Silver medals at the 1900 Summer Olympics and the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Albert Michant	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Highlight's of Jukka Tammi's International career are: 1988 Winter Olympics:	Jukka Tammi	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mohamed Kedir (Amharic: ሞሐመድ ከድር; born September 18, 1954) is a former long-distance runner from Ethiopia, who won the bronze medal in men's 10,000 metres at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Mohamed Kedir	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Franklin Standard Johnson (born June 8, 1949) is a former basketball player from Cuba, who won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Franklin Standard	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Egill Reimers (July 18, 1878 in Bergen -- November 11, 1946) was a Norwegian architect and sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Egill Reimers	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Valerio Vermiglio (born March 1, 1976 in Messina) is an Italian volleyball player, who was a member of the Italian men's national team, that won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Valerio Vermiglio	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Janet Culp (born February 24, 1982) is an American synchronized swimmer who competed in the women's team event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Janet Culp	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roland Schröder (born 17 August 1962 in Koethen) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal in 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.	Roland Schröder	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vincenzo Biava (born 18 April 1916) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 50 metre rifle, three positions event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Vincenzo Biava	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	August Lehmann (26 January 1909 in Zurich-- 13 September 1973) was a Swiss footballer who played for Switzerland in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	August Lehmann	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Charles Rozoy (born in Chenôve on 4 March 1987) is a Paralympic swimmer of France who won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the men's S8 100m butterfly.	Charles Rozoy	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Jeff Riseley's first major competition was the 2007 World Championships in Athletics, competing in the Men's 800 metres.	Jeff Riseley	2007 World Championships in Athletics
participant of	Vesna Despotović (born 18 April 1961) is a Serbian basketball coach and former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Vesna Despotović	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ahmed Wagih El-Kashef (5 February 1909 -- 1973) was an Egyptian football forward who played for Egypt in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Wagih El-Kashef	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Marta Gambella (born 7 June 1974) is an Italian softball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Marta Gambella	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Babak Nourzad (Persian: بابک نورزاد‎‎, born 14 August 1978 in Ghaemshahr) is an Iranian former wrestler who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Babak Nourzad	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Céline Carzo is a French singer who represented Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990.	Céline Carzo	Eurovision Song Contest 1990
participant of	Léopold Standaert was a sailor from Belgium, who represented his native country at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Ostend, Belgium in the 8 Metre.	Léopold Standaert	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zoltán Bergendi (born 21 March 1969 in Šaľa) is a Hungarian-Slovak former handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Zoltán Bergendi	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Simon Ammann (born 25 June 1981) is a Swiss ski jumper and double Olympic Champion at both the 2002 and 2010 Winter Olympics.	Simon Ammann	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Aghasi Mammadov (born June 1, 1980 in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR) is an Azerbaijani boxer who competed in the bantamweight division (54 kg) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal.	Aghasi Mammadov	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ahed Joughili (born October 10, 1984) is a Syrian weightlifter, who competed in the 105 kg division at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Ahed Joughili	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Svetlana Goundarenko (born June 23, 1969) is a Russian mixed martial artist and judoka who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and 1996 Summer Olympics.	Svetlana Goundarenko	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Police Lieutenant colonel Wijan Ponlid (Thai: พันตำรวจโท วิจารณ์ พลฤทธิ์; born April 26, 1976) is a Thai boxer who competed in the Men's Flyweight (-- 51 kg) division at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal.	Wijan Ponlid	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sylvère Maes (pronounced: (sil.vɛːʁ maːs); born 27 August 1909 -- died 5 December 1966) was a Belgian cyclist, who is most famous for winning the Tour de France in 1936 and 1939.	Sylvère Maes	Tour de France
participant of	Carlos Barreto (July 25, 1976 -- October 12, 1999) was a bantamweight boxer from Venezuela, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Carlos Barreto	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rachid El Basir (born October 4, 1968) is a Moroccan middle distance runner who won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics over 1500 metres.	Rachid El Basir	1992 Summer Olympics
performer	Wrong Side of the Daylight is the debut studio album from Danish singer Thomas Ring Petersen, it was released on March 4, 2011 in Denmark.	Wrong Side of the Daylight	Thomas Ring
performer	Love Dealer is Esmée Denters' third single from her debut album Outta Here.	Love Dealer	Esmée Denters
performer	``Wicked Garden'' is a song by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots that appears on their debut studio album, Core.	Wicked Garden	Stone Temple Pilots
performer	Première! is Portuguese alternative rock band Qwentin's debut album, released on November 15, 2007 on Raging Planet records.	Première!	Qwentin
performer	``Ever Ever After'' is a song by American country singer Carrie Underwood, written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz for Enchanted (2007).	Ever Ever After	Carrie Underwood
performer	The Pirate's Gospel is the debut album by Alela Diane, self-released on CD-R in 2004, and rereleased by Holocene Music in 2006.	The Pirate's Gospel	Alela Diane
performer	Waves Are Dancing is the second studio album by Ukrainian folk metal band Holy Blood, released in 2005.	Waves Are Dancing	Holy Blood
performer	Red Wine and White Lines EP', released in 2009, was the debut release from singer/songwriter Owen Mays.	Red Wine and White Lines EP	Owen Mays
performer	``Long Day'' is the first single and second track from Matchbox Twenty's debut album Yourself or Someone Like You.	Long Day	Matchbox Twenty
performer	El Culpable Soy Yo is an album by Mexican pop singer Cristian Castro, It was released in 2009.	El Culpable Soy Yo	Cristian Castro
performer	Čovječe ne ljuti se is the debut album by a Croatian hip hop duo, Tram 11.	Čovječe ne ljuti se	Tram 11
performer	Seven & Seven is the sixth album released by MC Lyte.	Seven & Seven	MC Lyte
performer	Nor je ta svet is Neisha's second studio album, released in 2007.	Nor je ta svet	Neisha
performer	Ugasi me (English: Turn Me Off) is the third studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Indira Radić, released in 1994.	Ugasi me	Indira Radić
performer	Bonfires on the Heath is an album released by English indie pop group The Clientele on October 6, 2009.	Bonfires on the Heath	The Clientele
performer	``Shit's Real'', also known by its censored title ``It's Real'', is the first single released by rapper Mic Geronimo.	Shit's Real	Mic Geronimo
performer	Trigger Happy! is the sole album led by American jazz double bassist Trigger Alpert which was recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label.	Trigger Happy!	Trigger Alpert
performer	``Kiss (When the Sun Don't Shine)'' is a single by Dutch eurodance group Vengaboys.	Kiss (When the Sun Don't Shine)	Vengaboys
performer	``Strange Relationship'' is the second solo single released by Australian singer Darren Hayes from his debut studio album Spin.	Strange Relationship	Darren Hayes
performer	Daughter of Eve was released on November 30 in the year 2000 and is an album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson.	Daughter of Eve	Jill Johnson
performer	Last of the Independents is the sixth album by rock group The Pretenders, released in 1994.	Last of the Independents	The Pretenders
performer	The Quiet Life is the second studio album by Anchor & Braille, the side project of Anberlin lead vocalist Stephen Christian.	The Quiet Life	Anchor & Braille
performer	Making Music So You Don't Have To is the second studio album of Fred.	Making Music So You Don't Have To	Fred
performer	As I Call You Down is the debut album by American rock supergroup Fistful of Mercy, released on October 5, 2010.	As I Call You Down	Fistful of Mercy
performer	Human Beans is an album released by Earthlings? which was released on August 8, 2000 through the record company Crippled Dick Hot Wax.	Human Beans	Earthlings
performer	``Please Come Back Home'' is a 2008 single by Scottish Indie rock band Glasvegas.	Please Come Back Home	Glasvegas
performer	Of gods and girls is the solo album by rapper producer Mr. J. Medeiros.	Of gods and girls	Mr. J. Medeiros	Mr. J. Medeiros
performer	The Both Sides of the World Tour was a worldwide concert tour by the English singer-songwriter, Drummer Phil Collins, which took place between April 1994 and May 1995, in support of his 1993 album, Both Sides.	Both Sides of the World Tour	Phil Collins
performer	Dooriyan was a Punjabi album by renowned singer and actor Amrinder Gill.	Dooriyan	Amrinder Gill
performer	Reachin' Back is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter, Regina Belle.	Reachin' Back	Regina Belle
performer	From Elvis in Memphis is the fifteenth studio album by American rock and roll singer Elvis Presley, released on RCA Victor.	From Elvis in Memphis	Elvis Presley
performer	``Ball of Confusion (That's What the World Is Today)'' is a 1970 hit single for The Temptations.	Ball of Confusion (That's What the World Is Today)	The Temptations
performer	Hi-Fi Serious is the third studio album by British band A, released in 2002.	Hi-Fi Serious	A
performer	Cult Grass Stars is an album by Thee Michelle Gun Elephant, released in 1996.	Cult Grass Stars	Thee Michelle Gun Elephant
performer	``Carry You Home'' is the third single from James Blunt's second studio album, All the Lost Souls written and composed by Donnie Cash.	Carry You Home	James Blunt
performer	``Cheap Sunglasses'' is a 1980 single by ZZ Top from their 1979 album Degüello.	Cheap Sunglasses	ZZ Top
performer	What a Terrible Thing to Say is the second full-length album from the post-hardcore band Four Letter Lie.	What a Terrible Thing to Say	Four Letter Lie
performer	Dawn of Iron Blades is a full-length album by the Polish black metal band Graveland.	Dawn of Iron Blades	Graveland
performer	Sounds of a Playground Fading is the tenth studio album by the Swedish metal band In Flames, released on June 15, 2011 through Century Media/Razzia.	Sounds of a Playground Fading	In Flames
performer	The Bird in the Bush (Traditional Erotic Songs) is a folk album by A. L. Lloyd, Anne Briggs and Frankie Armstrong, released by Topic Records in 1966.	The Bird in the Bush (Traditional Erotic Songs)	A. L. Lloyd
performer	All My Bad Thoughts was the third LP from The Montgolfier Brothers.	All My Bad Thoughts	The Montgolfier Brothers
performer	Forgive Us Our Trespasses is the second studio album by the American post-metal band A Storm of Light.	Forgive Us Our Trespasses	A Storm of Light
performer	Working Man's Café is a solo album released on 22 October 2007 in the UK by Ray Davies, formerly lead singer and songwriter of The Kinks.	Working Man's Café	Ray Davies
performer	Fishbone, Wishbone, Funnybone is an album by Massachusetts folk musician Zoë Lewis, released in 2001.	Fishbone, Wishbone, Funnybone	Zoë Lewis
performer	The Satyr's Play / Cerberus is an album composed by John Zorn which as recorded in New York City in January and April 2010 and released on the Tzadik label in April 2011.	The Satyr's Play / Cerberus	John Zorn
performer	Short Circuit III is a concept album by Japanese music production unit I've Sound, released on June 25, 2010.	Short Circuit III	I've Sound
performer	``Fuck What Ya Heard'', also known by its censored title, ``Forget What Ya Heard'', is the second single from MC Ren's debut solo album, Shock of the Hour.	Fuck What Ya Heard	MC Ren
performer	Come Find Yourself is the first studio album released by the band Fun Lovin' Criminals.	Come Find Yourself	Fun Lovin' Criminals
performer	Catching Rays on Giant is the 6th studio album by Alphaville, and it was released on November 19, 2010 in Europe.	Catching Rays on Giant	Alphaville
performer	Requiem for an Almost Lady is a 1971 album by musician Lee Hazlewood.	Requiem for an Almost Lady	Lee Hazlewood
performer	``Not Your Fault'' is a song by American electronic rock band Awolnation.	Not Your Fault	Awolnation
performer	Eivets Rednow is an easy listening instrumental album by Stevie Wonder released on the Gordy Records label in 1968.	Eivets Rednow	Stevie Wonder
performer	``Someone Watching Over You'' is a song written and sung by American singer Yolanda Adams released as a single from her 2005 album Day by Day.	Someone Watching Over You	Yolanda Adams
performer	U.S. Songs is the first album by American emo band Elliott.	U.S. Songs	Elliott
performer	It's Understood is Estradasphere's first studio album.	It's Understood	Estradasphere
performer	I'm Alive, I'm Dreaming is the major label debut album from the American electropop singer-songwriter The Ready Set.	I'm Alive, I'm Dreaming	The Ready Set
performer	``Modern Day Romance'' is a song written by Kix Brooks and Dan Tyler and recorded by American country music group Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.	Modern Day Romance	Nitty Gritty Dirt Band
performer	Damnation of Regiomontum is the debut album by Russian symphonic black metal band Tvangeste.	Damnation of Regiomontum	Tvangeste
performer	``Anybody (Movin' On)'' is a song recorded by German band Masterboy.	Anybody (Movin' On)	Masterboy
performer	High Winds, White Sky is the second studio album from Bruce Cockburn, released in 1971 on the True North label.	High Winds, White Sky	Bruce Cockburn
performer	``Te Solte La Rienda'' is the second radio single release and sixth track from Maná's second live album, Maná MTV Unplugged in 1999.	Te Solte La Rienda	Maná
performer	Paintings in Yellow is the fourth studio album by a German singer Sandra, released in 1990.	Paintings in Yellow	Sandra
performer	``Il est cinq heures, Paris s'éveille'' (``It is five o'clock, Paris awakens'') is the sixth single by French singer-songwriter Jacques Dutronc, released in 1968.	Il est cinq heures, Paris s'éveille	Jacques Dutronc
performer	``Hard Act to Follow'' is a song by Grinspoon and was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album Thrills, Kills & Sunday Pills.	Hard Act to Follow	Grinspoon
performer	Liberate Te Ex Inferis is the fourth full-length album by metalcore band Zao.	Liberate Te Ex Inferis	Zao
performer	``Ain't Nobody'' is a song recorded by the American band Rufus and Chaka Khan.	Ain't Nobody	Rufus	Chaka Khan
performer	``I'm Feelin' U'' is a 2007 song by the musician CeCe Peniston.	I'm Feelin' U	CeCe Peniston
performer	Takin' Back What's Mine was the third single released by Leah Haywood from ``Leah'' in 2001.	Takin' Back What's Mine	Leah Haywood
performer	Radio Africa (Russian: Радио Африка) is an album by the Russian rock band Aquarium.	Radio Africa	Aquarium
performer	``Leben wir jetzt'' (English: Now We Live) is a song recorded by German singer LaFee.	Leben wir jetzt	LaFee
performer	Only Visiting This Planet is an album recorded by Larry Norman in 1972.	Only Visiting This Planet	Larry Norman
performer	In Live Concert at the Royal Albert Hall is a live double album by Swedish band Opeth.	In Live Concert at the Royal Albert Hall	Opeth
performer	Budućnost sada (The Future Now) is the debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut, released by Zvono Records in 1993.	Budućnost sada	Supernaut
performer	``Lit Up'' is the debut single by American hard rock band Buckcherry, taken from their self-titled debut album.	Lit Up	Buckcherry
performer	The Nat King Cole Songbook is a 1965 studio album by Sammy Davis, Jr., recorded in tribute to singer and pianist Nat King Cole, who had recently died.	The Nat King Cole Songbook	Sammy Davis, Jr.
performer	``Stranger in Blue Suede Shoes'' was a Kevin Ayers single release.	Stranger in Blue Suede Shoes	Kevin Ayers
performer	Long Misty Days is guitarist and songwriter Robin Trower's fourth solo album with cover art by ``Funky'' Paul Olsen.	Long Misty Days	Robin Trower
performer	Mar dulce is an album by the Argentine/Uruguayan tango fusion band, Bajofondo.	Mar dulce	Bajofondo
performer	``How Many More Times'' is the ninth and final track on English rock band Led Zeppelin's 1969 debut album Led Zeppelin.	How Many More Times	Led Zeppelin
performer	``Foe Life'' is the first single from Mack 10's 1995 self-titled album.	Foe Life	Mack 10
performer	The Ties That Blind is the second studio album by the Atmospheric sludge metal band Mouth of the Architect.	The Ties That Blind	Mouth of the Architect
performer	Hjärtat fullt is a 2008 studio album by Anna Stadling & Idde Schultz.	Hjärtat fullt	Anna Stadling	Idde Schultz
performer	``Move Shake Drop'' is a song by American disc jockey DJ Laz, released as the first single from his 2008 studio album Category 6.	Move Shake Drop	DJ Laz
performer	``Lady Lynda'' is a song written by vocalist and guitarist Alan Jardine and Ron Altbach for the American rock band The Beach Boys.	Lady Lynda	The Beach Boys
performer	``Song 2'' is a song by English rock band Blur, the second track from their 1997 eponymous fifth studio album.	Song 2	Blur
performer	Life Starts Here is the second and last album by the Airport 5, released in 2002.	Life Starts Here	Airport 5
performer	Respect M.E. (Short for Respect Missy Elliott) is the first greatest hits album by American rapper-songwriter Missy Elliott, released by Atlantic Records on September 4, 2006 in Europe, Asia and Australia.	Respect M.E.	Missy Elliott
performer	My Favourite Faded Fantasy is the third studio album by Irish singer, songwriter and producer Damien Rice.	My Favourite Faded Fantasy	Damien Rice
performer	``To the Aisle'' is a 1957 song recorded by The Five Satins with songwriting credits to group members Jim Freeman, Jessie Murphy, Bill Baker, Tommy Killebrew, and John Brown.	To the Aisle	The Five Satins
performer	Of Seismic Consequence is the fifth full-length studio album by Chicago-based progressive metal band Yakuza.	Of Seismic Consequence	Yakuza
performer	Vienmēr klusi is the fourth album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki, released through magnitizdat in 1984, and 'officially' in 2004.	Vienmēr klusi	Dzeltenie Pastnieki
performer	Light Chasers is the tenth studio album by the American indie rock group Cloud Cult that was released in stores on September 14, 2010.	Light Chasers	Cloud Cult
performer	Send Flowers is the debut album release from Black Lungs, the side project of Alexisonfire guitarist and backing vocalist Wade MacNeil.	Send Flowers	Black Lungs
performer	Extra Width is the third album by the punk blues group The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, and was released in 1993.	Extra Width	Jon Spencer Blues Explosion
performer	``Like Wow!'' is the only official single by Leslie Carter.	Like Wow!	Leslie Carter
performer	Aavani Kanavukal (1997) is a Malayalam studio album by Bombay Ravi.	Aavani Kanavukal	Ravi
performer	Alvorecer is the seventh album released by Clara Nunes in 1974 for the Odeon label.	Alvorecer	Clara Nunes
performer	Rock group The Beau Brummels recorded a version of ``Good Time Music'' and released it as a single in 1965.	Good Time Music	The Beau Brummels
performer	Strange Brotherhood was released in 1998 and is the seventh studio album by British rock band, New Model Army and the first on their own independent label, Attack Attack Records.	Strange Brotherhood	New Model Army
performer	Good Dog, Bad Dog is the fourth studio album by Over the Rhine, released independently in 1996, and reissued with a slightly altered tracklisting by Virgin/Backporch in 2000.	Good Dog, Bad Dog	Over the Rhine
performer	``Paris Nights/New York Mornings'' is a single by UK soul singer Corinne Bailey Rae.	Paris Nights/New York Mornings	Corinne Bailey Rae
performer	A Lullaby for the Devil is the fifth full-length studio album by the progressive metal band Deadsoul Tribe.	A Lullaby for the Devil	Deadsoul Tribe
performer	Reflections of a Shadow is the fifth full-length album by the German heavy metal band Rage.	Reflections of a Shadow	Rage
performer	``Ti vorrei sollevare'' is a song written, recorded by Italian Pop rock singer Elisa and produced by her and Andrea``Ringuz'' Rigonat, featuring Italian singer Giuliano Sangiorgi from Negramaro.	Ti vorrei sollevare	Elisa	Giuliano Sangiorgi
performer	Truth Beyond... is the third album by Canadian death metal band Neuraxis.	Truth Beyond...	Neuraxis
performer	Understanding the Criminal Mind is the debut album released by TRU.	Understanding the Criminal Mind	TRU
performer	The Joyrex Tape is the name given to a collection of unreleased tracks from the early 1990s by Richard D. James, best known by his alias Aphex Twin.	Joyrex Tape	Aphex Twin
performer	Sad Clown Bad Dub II is a 12-track band promoted album originally sold exclusively at Atmosphere concerts with a limited print run of 500 copies.	Sad Clown Bad Dub II	Atmosphere
performer	Tingaralatingadun is the debut studio album by the Brazilian folk metal band Tuatha de Danann, released in 2001.	Tingaralatingadun	Tuatha de Danann
performer	``You're Everything'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Bun B, released July 31, 2008 as the second single from his second studio album II Trill (2008).	You're Everything	Bun B
performer	I Have My Life is a song by Romanian teenage pop/rock musical group Blaxy Girls.	I Have My Life	Blaxy Girls
performer	``Kauas pois'' is a song by a Finnish reggae artist Raappana.	Kauas pois	Raappana
performer	``Odd Even'' is the ninth single from Cardiacs and the second taken from Sing to God.	Odd Even	Cardiacs
performer	``Still Love You'' is a song by Japanese pop group AAA.	Still Love You	AAA
performer	``Reasons for Living'' is the third and final single from the debut album of American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik.	Reasons for Living	Duncan Sheik
performer	Extracts from Music for White Cube, London 1997 is an ambient Installation album from British musician Brian Eno, released in 1997.	Extracts from Music for White Cube, London 1997	Brian Eno
performer	``Everybody Cries'' is the third and final single to be released from British pop-group Liberty X's second studio album, Being Somebody.	Everybody Cries	Liberty X
performer	World in Motion 1 is the sixth studio album by Crack the Sky and the last to be released by the band's second incarnation.	World in Motion 1	Crack the Sky
performer	Choose Your Weapon is the second studio album by Australian neo-soul quartet Hiatus Kaiyote, first released in May 2015 independently through Flying Buddha.	Choose Your Weapon	Hiatus Kaiyote
performer	New Eyes is the debut studio album by English electronic music group Clean Bandit.	New Eyes	Clean Bandit
performer	``It Wasn't Me'' is the first single from Jamaican-American reggae artist Shaggy's multi-platinum studio album Hot Shot (2000).	It Wasn't Me	Shaggy
performer	Por Aquelas Que Foram Bem Amadas (also Pra Não Dizer Que Não Falei de Rock) is the seventh solo album by Brazilian singer/guitarist Zé Ramalho.	Pra Não Dizer Que Não Falei de Rock	Zé Ramalho
performer	``California Nights'' is a song written by Marvin Hamlisch and Howard Liebling and performed by Lesley Gore.	California Nights	Lesley Gore
performer	Last Mango in Paris is the fourteenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett.	Last Mango in Paris	Jimmy Buffett
performer	Saldaga (also known as As We Live or While You Live) is the second Korean studio album by SG Wannabe.	Saldaga	SG Wannabe
performer	``Dead End Countdown'' is the debut single by Canadian pop rock band The New Cities from their debut album, Lost in City Lights.	Dead End Countdown	The New Cities
performer	My Spanish Heart is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1976.	My Spanish Heart	Chick Corea
performer	Messin' with the Boys is the second post-Runaways album by Cherie Currie, released in 1980 For this album Currie worked with her identical twin sister, Marie Currie.	Messin' with the Boys	Cherie Currie
performer	``Space and the Woods'' is a song released by UK band Late of the Pier on 5 March 2007.	Space and the Woods	Late of the Pier
performer	``Year of the Lover'' is a song by American R&B recording artist Lloyd, released as the third and final single from his third studio album Lessons in Love (2008).	Year of the Lover	Lloyd
performer	Ray Gun Suitcase is Pere Ubu's tenth studio album, which finds the band returning both to indie labels, and, after a string of slickly produced, pop-oriented albums, the darker, more complex sonic landscape associated with their earlier work.	Ray Gun Suitcase	Pere Ubu
performer	2nd Wind is the thirteenth studio album by the American musician Todd Rundgren.	2nd Wind	Todd Rundgren
performer	Vencedor (Eng.: Victorious) is the title of a studio album released posthumously by Mexican norteño performer Valentín Elizalde.	Vencedor	Valentín Elizalde
performer	``Talking to the Universe'' is a song by Yoko Ono, originally released in 1995 on the album Rising.	Talking to the Universe	Yoko Ono
performer	Two Places at the Same Time is the third studio album from Raydio, the group led by session guitarist/songwriter/producer Ray Parker, Jr.	Two Places at the Same Time	Raydio
performer	``Ugly Heart'' is the second single by American-British-Canadian girl group G.R.L. from their self-titled EP.	Ugly Heart	G.R.L.
performer	``Necesito de Ti'' (``I Need You'') is a song written by Manuel Toscano, produced by Manuel Cázares, and performed by Mexican singer Vicente Fernández.	Necesito de Ti	Vicente Fernández
performer	``Afro King'' is the last single by British band EMF, released in the autumn of 1995.	Afro King	EMF
performer	Tokyo Connection is the first concept album and first mini-album by the female Japanese hip-hop unit Halcali.	Tokyo Connection	Halcali
performer	In Silence They March is Crystal Eyes' second album, released in 2000 by Crazy Life Music.	In Silence They March	Crystal Eyes
performer	Arena (An Absurd Notion) is a concept concert video filmed during the course of Duran Duran's 1984 Sing Blue Silver North American Tour in support of the album Seven and the Ragged Tiger.	Arena (An Absurd Notion)	Duran Duran
performer	Rock for Light is the second full-length album by hardcore punk pioneers Bad Brains, released in 1983.	Rock for Light	Bad Brains
performer	Counterfeit² is the first solo LP by Martin Gore, the primary songwriter for the band Depeche Mode, and his second release (his first being Counterfeit e.p. in 1989).	Counterfeit²	Martin Gore
performer	Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head is the 32nd original studio album released by singer Johnny Mathis.	Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head	Johnny Mathis
performer	``Willie and the Hand Jive'' is a song written by Johnny Otis and originally released as a single in 1958 by Johnny Otis Show, reaching #9 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and #5 on the Billboard R&B chart.	Willie and the Hand Jive	Johnny Otis
performer	``Breakin' Up'' is a single by Rilo Kiley, taken from the band's fourth album Under the Blacklight.	Breakin' Up	Rilo Kiley
performer	Take Me to the Land of Hell is the 2013 album by Yoko Ono as Yoko Ono Plastic Ono Band.	Take Me to the Land of Hell	Yoko Ono
performer	Ready to Die is the debut studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G.; it was released on September 13, 1994, by Bad Boy Records.	Ready to Die	The Notorious B.I.G.
performer	``99 Percenters'' is a single by industrial metal band Ministry.	99 Percenters	Ministry
performer	Best of 061122‒071122 is the first compilation album released by Swedish Singer-songwriter Miss Li.	Best of 061122‒071122	Miss Li
performer	The Golden Boy is a song recorded by Queen frontman Freddie Mercury together with Catalan operatic soprano Montserrat Caballé.	The Golden Boy	Freddie Mercury
performer	Crazy and Mixed Up is a 1982 studio album by the American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan.	Crazy and Mixed Up	Sarah Vaughan
performer	``Deep in the Motherlode'' is a song performed and recorded by Genesis, with lyrics and music by Mike Rutherford.	Deep in the Motherlode	Genesis
performer	Action Ornaments is a 1997 album by Trumans Water, released by the Runt Records label.	Action Ornaments	Trumans Water
performer	Tyranny (For You) (written as Tyranny ▶For You◀ on the album artwork) is an album by Front 242, released in 1991.	Tyranny (For You)	Front 242
performer	El Layali (English: The Nights) is the name of the Nawal Al Zoghbi's 7th album that was released in 2000 and was produced by Rotana.	El Layali	Nawal Al Zoghbi
performer	``Someone's in Love'' is the name of a 1988 US only remixed single by British pop group Five Star.	Someone's in Love	Five Star
performer	Toshiko Plays Billy Strayhorn (also released as A Tribute to Billy Strayhorn (JAM) and Dedications III (Alfa)) is a jazz album recorded by two different configurations of the Toshiko Akiyoshi Trio in 1978.	Toshiko Plays Billy Strayhorn	Toshiko Akiyoshi
performer	Dos amores un amante (English Two loves one lover) is the 20th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel.	Dos amores un amante	Ana Gabriel
performer	Contemplate (The Reason You Exist) is Kai Tracid's third artist album, released on 24 February 2003.	Contemplate (The Reason You Exist)	Kai Tracid
performer	TRXYE is the third extended play (EP) (first signed with a major label) by Australian singer and songwriter Troye Sivan, released on 15 August 2014 by Universal Music Australia through EMI Music Australia.	TRXYE	Troye Sivan
performer	``Do You Ever Think of Me'' is the only single released from Blue member Antony Costa's debut solo album, Heart Full of Soul.	Do You Ever Think of Me	Antony Costa
performer	``Thief's Theme'' is a single from Nas' double album Street's Disciple.	Thief's Theme	Nas
performer	Hopeless Hopes is Martyr's debut full-length album.	Hopeless Hopes	Martyr
performer	``The Special Two'' is a song by Australian singer-songwriter Missy Higgins and the third single released from her debut album, The Sound of White.	The Special Two	Missy Higgins
performer	Black Sails EP is an extended play by the American rock band AFI.	Black Sails EP	AFI
performer	Short Back 'n' Sides is the fifth solo album of Ian Hunter.	Short Back 'n' Sides	Ian Hunter
performer	Psamlade Psalmer is a compilation album by Swedish punk band Dia Psalma.	Psamlade Psalmer	Dia Psalma
performer	Size Matters is the fifth album by the American alternative metal band Helmet, released in 2004 through Interscope.	Size Matters	Helmet
performer	Parasitic People is the second album Japanese group Super Junky Monkey, released in 1996.	Parasitic People	Super Junky Monkey
performer	Creating Patterns is the fourth studio album by the British group 4hero.	Creating Patterns	4hero
performer	Autumn Aurora is the second album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh, released in 2004.	Autumn Aurora	Drudkh
performer	The Open Door EP is an extended play by Washington band Death Cab for Cutie, comprising songs recorded during the Narrow Stairs sessions and a demo version of the track ``Talking Bird'' from the album.	The Open Door EP	Death Cab for Cutie
performer	Born Again Pagans was the only release attributed to ``Coil Vs. ELpH'', though another album Worship The Glitch would be attributed to ``ELpH Vs. Coil''.	Born Again Pagans	Coil
performer	Violence Begets Violence is the seventh studio album by underground Philadelphia hip hop duo Jedi Mind Tricks.	Violence Begets Violence	Jedi Mind Tricks
performer	``Wanna Love You Girl'' is the lead single by blue-eyed soul singer/songwriter Robin Thicke from his second album The Evolution of Robin Thicke.	Wanna Love You Girl	Robin Thicke
performer	Dying Mapa I is an album by the Japanese noise band Merzbow, then consisting of Masami Akita and Kiyoshi Mizutani.	Dying Mapa I	Merzbow
performer	``Get Out of Your Lazy Bed'' is the debut single from UK band Matt Bianco, released in 1984, along with their debut album Whose Side Are You On?.	Get Out of Your Lazy Bed	Matt Bianco
performer	O Zambezi is the fifth album by Australian-New Zealand popular rock band, Dragon.	O Zambezi	Dragon
performer	Zenyatta Mondatta (spelled as Zenyattà Mondatta on the album cover artwork) is the third studio album by English rock band The Police, released in 1980.	Zenyatta Mondatta	The Police
performer	Diamonds and Pearls Video Collection is a collection of music videos compiled to accompany and further promote Prince's hit album Diamonds and Pearls.	Diamonds and Pearls Video Collection	Prince
performer	Eat Raw for Breakfast is the eleventh studio album by German Trance duo Blank & Jones.	Eat Raw for Breakfast	Blank & Jones
performer	Tak som chcela všetkých milovať (English: So Much I Meant to Love You All) is a song by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 2007.	Tak som chcela všetkých milovať	Marika Gombitová
performer	``Fallin' Again'' is a song written Randy Owen, Teddy Gentry and Greg Fowler, and recorded by American country music group Alabama.	Fallin' Again	Alabama
performer	``Sam's Place'' is a 1967 country song written by Red Simpson and recorded by Buck Owens.	Sam's Place	Buck Owens
performer	``I Love My Bitch'' (known as ``I Love My Chick'' in its edited version) is a song by Busta Rhymes featuring will.i.am (who also produced the track) and Kelis, released as the second single from Busta Rhymes' seventh studio album, The Big Bang (2006).	I Love My Bitch	Busta Rhymes	will.i.am	Kelis
performer	``Queen of My Heart'' is the debut single released from Westlife's third studio album, World of Our Own.	Queen of My Heart	Westlife
performer	``Kai Se Thelo'' (stylized as ``+ Se Thelo'') is a single by popular Greek singer Sakis Rouvas from the album Irthes, released as a radio single on June 17, 2008 in Greece and Cyprus.	Kai Se Thelo	Sakis Rouvas
performer	Texas Plates is the second album by the singer-songwriter Vince Bell.	Texas Plates	Vince Bell
performer	``Karmacoma'' is a single by British trip hop collective Massive Attack, released as a single from their second album Protection on 20 March 1995.	Karmacoma	Massive Attack
performer	``Nazi Punks Fuck Off'' was the fifth single by the Dead Kennedys.	Nazi Punks Fuck Off	Dead Kennedys
performer	No Place to Fall is the fifth album by pioneer Country rock musician Steve Young, this album has more of an Outlaw Country sound.	No Place to Fall	Steve Young
performer	``Got a Hold on Me'' is a 1984 song from Fleetwood Mac's keyboardist/vocalist Christine McVie.	Got a Hold on Me	Christine McVie
performer	Dreamatorium is Buckethead's first album under the anagram name Death Cube K. It was released on May 13, 1994, by Strata (sub-label of Bill Laswell's Subharmonic Records) and again in 1995, including a graphics image generator software by Interactive Multimedia Corporation as the first track.	Dreamatorium	Buckethead
performer	``Go for It, Baby (Kioku no Sanmyaku)'' is the 50th single by Japanese rock duo B'z.	Go for It, Baby (Kioku no Sanmyaku)	B'z
performer	Hot for the Orient is a 1980 studio album from Australian glam rock band Skyhooks.	Hot for the Orient	Skyhooks
performer	``Se La'' is a track from Lionel Richie's 1986 album Dancing on the Ceiling.	Se La	Lionel Richie
performer	Human Museum is a debut studio album by the Russian metal band Icon in me.	Human Museum	Icon in me
performer	``Got to Have Your Love'' is a song by American old school hip hop/electro funk group Mantronix, featuring vocals from American recording artist Wondress.	Got to Have Your Love	Mantronix
performer	Sunburnt is an album officially by Martin Phillipps and The Chills, though more correctly by Martin Phillipps alone.	Sunburnt	The Chills
performer	Burned My Ass is an album released in 2004 by Annabelle Chvostek.	Burned My Ass	Annabelle Chvostek
performer	First Encounter is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron and bassist Gary Peacock recorded in 1971 and released on the Japanese RCA Victor label.	First Encounter	Mal Waldron
performer	``This Is How We Party'' was the debut single by Danish pop duo S.O.A.P..	This Is How We Party	S.O.A.P.
performer	The An Innocent Man Tour was a 1984 concert tour by singer-songwriter Billy Joel.	An Innocent Man Tour	Billy Joel
performer	Musique a la Carte (French for Music from the Menu) is an album released by Kokia, on September 15, 2010.	Musique a la Carte	Kokia
performer	``Cheater, Cheater'' is the debut single from country/bluegrass duo Joey + Rory, from their debut album, The Life of a Song.	Cheater, Cheater	Joey + Rory
performer	``Best of Order'' is a song written by Scottish musician, singer and songwriter David Sneddon and Scott MacAlister.	Best of Order	David Sneddon
performer	The Pre-Fix for Death is the third studio album by American horrorcore musician Necro, released on September 21, 2004 by Psycho+Logical-Records.	The Pre-Fix for Death	Necro
performer	The Eventually Home is the second release from Andy Hull's solo project, Right Away, Great Captain.	The Eventually Home	Right Away, Great Captain
performer	High Lines is an album by American composer and violinist Michael Galasso recorded between 2002 and 2004 and released on the ECM label.	High Lines	Michael Galasso
performer	Born and Raised in Black & White is the second full-length disc from country music singer-songwriter Mark Collie.	Born and Raised in Black & White	Mark Collie
performer	``Not Supposed to Sing the Blues'' was the first single released from the Swedish rock band Europe's ninth studio album, Bag of Bones.	Not Supposed to Sing the Blues	Europe
performer	Crystal Gazing Luck Amazing is the third LP recorded by the band, The Compulsive Gamblers.	Crystal Gazing Luck Amazing	Compulsive Gamblers
performer	Jaszczurka (meaning ``lizard'' in Polish) is the first studio album by Polish trip hop singer Pati Yang.	Jaszczurka	Pati Yang
performer	``Monkey Gone to Heaven'' is a song by the American alternative rock band Pixies and is the seventh track on their 1989 album Doolittle.	Monkey Gone to Heaven	Pixies
performer	``Hey Ladies'' is a song by American hip hop group the Beastie Boys, featured on their album Paul's Boutique.	Hey Ladies	Beastie Boys
performer	Graceful 4, The Grace's first Japanese album, was released on November 14, 2007.	Graceful 4	The Grace
performer	Making Mirrors is the third studio album by Belgian-Australian artist Gotye.	Making Mirrors	Gotye
performer	Data de Groove is the sixth album by Falco, released in 1990 - a collaboration again with producer Robert Ponger.	Data de Groove	Falco
performer	``Blood, Tears & Gold'' is a song by British duo Hurts from their debut album, Happiness.	Blood, Tears & Gold	Hurts
performer	Piano, rumpu ja kukka (which means ``a piano, a drum and a flower'') is the first album by 22-Pistepirkko.	Piano, rumpu ja kukka	22-Pistepirkko
performer	``Crackity Jones'' is an alternative rock song by the American band Pixies, and is the ninth track on their 1989 album Doolittle.	Crackity Jones	Pixies
performer	``Up Jumps da Boogie'' is the debut single by hip-hop duo Timbaland & Magoo, released on July 11, 1997 as the first single from their debut studio album, Welcome to Our World.	Up Jumps da Boogie	Timbaland & Magoo
performer	``Pow R. Toc H.'' is an instrumental, with vocal effects, by Pink Floyd on their 1967 album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.	Pow R. Toc H.	Pink Floyd
performer	Something to Take the Edge Off is the third comedy album by Doug Stanhope.	Something to Take the Edge Off	Doug Stanhope
performer	``Vossa Excelência'' is the nineteenth single by Titãs, released in 2005.	Vossa Excelência	Titãs
performer	``I Always Knew'' is a song from London-based quartet The Vaccines.	I Always Knew	The Vaccines
performer	Truth Rising is the eighth studio album by American Punk rock band Hed PE.	Truth Rising	Hed PE
performer	A Twist of Fate is an EP by singer John Arch, released on June 17, 2003 through Metal Blade Records.	A Twist of Fate	John Arch
performer	David's Album was a 1969 album by Joan Baez, recorded in Nashville.	David's Album	Joan Baez
performer	``When You Look Me in the Eyes'' is a song by the American pop rock band Jonas Brothers.	When You Look Me in the Eyes	Jonas Brothers
performer	``Try to Follow Me'' (Korean: 날 따라 해봐요; Nal Ddara Haebwayo) is a song by South Korean girl group 2NE1.	Try to Follow Me	2NE1
performer	``Solo Por Ti'' (in English: Only for you) is a song written by Marco Flores for Paulina Rubio's fourth album Planeta Paulina released in 1996.	Solo Por Ti	Paulina Rubio
performer	It's a Bit Complicated is the second album by British band Art Brut.	It's a Bit Complicated	Art Brut
performer	``Bathwater'' is a ska punk song written by Tom Dumont, Tony Kanal, and Gwen Stefani for No Doubt's fourth studio album Return of Saturn (2000).	Bathwater	No Doubt
performer	``Ti Th' Akouso Akoma'' (Greek: ``Τι θ'ακούσω ακόμα''; English: What Else Will I Hear) is a song by popular Greek artist Peggy Zina.	Ti Th' Akouso Akoma	Peggy Zina
performer	Ma voie (My Way) is the debut studio album by Belgian singer of Italian origin, Roberto Bellarosa.	Ma voie	Roberto Bellarosa
performer	``Oh Lonesome Me'' is a popular song written and recorded in December 1957 by Don Gibson with Chet Atkins producing it for RCA Victor in Nashville.	Oh Lonesome Me	Don Gibson
performer	Havoc and Bright Lights is the eighth (and sixth worldwide) studio album by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette and was released in Japan on August 22, 2012.	Havoc and Bright Lights	Alanis Morissette
performer	Doble Vida (Spanish for Double Life) is the fourth album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo and was released in 1988.	Doble Vida	Soda Stereo
performer	Mortal Throne of Nazarene is the second studio album by the American death metal band Incantation.	Mortal Throne of Nazarene	Incantation
performer	I Am an Elastic Firecracker (stylized as i am an ELASTIC FIRECRACKER) is the second album by Tripping Daisy, released in 1995.	I Am an Elastic Firecracker	Tripping Daisy
performer	Hacienda View is an album by the English singer Linda Lewis, released in 1979.	Hacienda View	Linda Lewis
performer	``Somebody Should Leave'' is a song written by Harlan Howard and Chick Rains, and recorded by American country music artist, Reba McEntire.	Somebody Should Leave	Reba McEntire
performer	Elephant Shell is the first LP to be released by Tokyo Police Club.	Elephant Shell	Tokyo Police Club
performer	``Si demain... (Turn Around)'' is a 2003 bilingual song recorded by Bonnie Tyler and Kareen Antonn, composed by Jim Steinman and re-written in French by Emmanuel Pribys.	Si demain... (Turn Around)	Bonnie Tyler
performer	Our New Quarters is the second album by Julian Fane, released in 2007.	Our New Quarters	Julian Fane
performer	Viva Las Violence is the fourth studio album of North Carolina horror-themed punk band Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.	Viva Las Violence	Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13
performer	``Hey Sexy Lady'' is a song recorded by Jamaican-American reggae artist Shaggy.	Hey Sexy Lady	Shaggy
performer	One Sock Missing is the second album from the Grifters released in 1993 on Shangri-La Records.	One Sock Missing	Grifters
performer	The White Room is the fourth and final studio album by British house music group The KLF, released in March 1991.	The White Room	The KLF
performer	One X One is an album by the Japanese R&B duo Chemistry, released on February 18, 2004, by Sony Music Japan.	One X One	Chemistry
performer	``Hello Vietnam'' is the title of a song written by Tom T. Hall and recorded by American country music singer Johnnie Wright.	Hello Vietnam	Johnnie Wright
performer	Seven Separate Fools is the eighth album by American rock band Three Dog Night, released in 1972.	Seven Separate Fools	Three Dog Night
performer	Holy Roller Novocaine is the debut EP of the American rock band Kings of Leon, released on February 18, 2003.	Holy Roller Novocaine	Kings of Leon
performer	The Professional 3 is the third studio album from DJ and producer DJ Clue?.	The Professional 3	DJ Clue
performer	``Happy When It Rains'' is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain and the second single from the group's album Darklands.	Happy When It Rains	The Jesus and Mary Chain
performer	``You Suffer'' is a song by the British grindcore band Napalm Death, from their debut album, Scum.	You Suffer	Napalm Death
performer	``L-O-V-E'' is a song recorded by Nat King Cole for his album of the same name (1965).	L-O-V-E	Nat King Cole
performer	The Curse of Martha Splatterhead is an LP by Oak Harbor, Washington crossover thrash band The Accüsed.	The Curse of Martha Splatterhead	The Accüsed
performer	Système D is the fourth studio album by French pop rock group Les Rita Mitsouko.	Système D	Les Rita Mitsouko
performer	The Light of Things Hoped For is the second album by Christian rock band Brave Saint Saturn, released in 2003 (see 2003 in music).	The Light of Things Hoped For	Brave Saint Saturn
performer	``Wouldn't Get Far'' is the third single from The Game's second album Doctor's Advocate.	Wouldn't Get Far	Game
performer	My World 2.0 is the debut studio album by Canadian singer Justin Bieber, released on March 19, 2010, by Island Records.	My World 2.0	Justin Bieber
performer	Soul on Top is the 32nd studio album by American musician James Brown.	Soul on Top	James Brown
performer	``Soul Bossa Nova'' is a popular instrumental title, composed by and first performed by American impresario, jazz composer, arranger, and record producer Quincy Jones.	Soul Bossa Nova	Quincy Jones
performer	Silence Screams is the eighth studio album, by American Christian rock band Resurrection Band (known at this point as REZ), released in 1988.	Silence Screams	Resurrection Band
performer	``Más y Más'' (English: ``More and More'') is a single by Draco Rosa from his 2004 album Como Me Acuerdo.	Más y Más	Draco Rosa
performer	No Stone Unturned is a compilation album by The Rolling Stones released in 1973.	No Stone Unturned	The Rolling Stones
performer	``Hurt Me Soul'' is a song written by rapper Lupe Fiasco.	Hurt Me Soul	Lupe Fiasco
performer	From Mars to Sirius is the third studio album by the French progressive death metal band Gojira.	From Mars to Sirius	Gojira
performer	``Supernatural Love'' is the second single from Donna Summer's 1984 Cats Without Claws album.	Supernatural Love	Donna Summer
performer	Doctor Kiss Kiss is the second hit single by British Disco Band 5000 Volts.	Doctor Kiss Kiss	5000 Volts
performer	Roads of Life is the twelfth studio album by American musician Bobby Womack.	Roads of Life	Bobby Womack
performer	Artpop (stylized as ARTPOP) is the third studio album by American singer Lady Gaga.	Artpop	Lady Gaga
performer	One Dimple is a CD/DVD released by comedian Kyle Cease in 2006.	One Dimple	Kyle Cease
performer	Mutiny! is the debut album from punk rock band Set Your Goals.	Mutiny!	Set Your Goals
performer	``There Is'' is the second single and tenth track from Box Car Racer's eponymous album.	There Is	Box Car Racer
performer	Amor de Mujer is the third single from La Chica Dorada, the first album by Mexican pop diva Paulina Rubio, and the second official video from the album.	Amor de Mujer	Paulina Rubio
performer	Inside In is Mike Gordon's first solo album and was released August 19, 2003.	Inside In	Mike Gordon
performer	Got You on My Mind is a jazz album by William Galison and Madeleine Peyroux, recorded in 1999, and later compiled into an album by Galison alone in 2003.	Got You on My Mind	William Galison
performer	Colour Green is the debut album by actress and singer-songwriter Sibylle Baier.	Colour Green	Sibylle Baier
performer	Parallel Minds is the second full-length album by the Norwegian power metal/progressive metal band, Conception, released in 1993.	Parallel Minds	Conception
performer	Songs from a Solitary Home is the second studio album of the Norwegian band Major Parkinson.	Songs from a Solitary Home	Major Parkinson
performer	``Estar Lejos'' (English: Be Far) is a Latin pop song by Colombian recording artist Fonseca and the American musician Willie Colón.	Estar Lejos	Fonseca	Willie Colón
performer	``Let It Fade'' is a song by contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp from his album Beyond Measure.	Let It Fade	Jeremy Camp
performer	``The Popcorn'' is a 1969 instrumental written and recorded by James Brown.	The Popcorn	James Brown
performer	``Come Live with Me Angel'' is a sultry 1975 song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye, issued on his acclaimed 1976 album, I Want You.	Come Live with Me Angel	Marvin Gaye
performer	Breedgreedbreed is the third album from Finnish metal band Misery Inc., released by Finnish record label Johanna Kustannus (Megamania) on October 10, 2007.	Breedgreedbreed	Misery Inc.
performer	Here Come the Horns, is Delinquent Habits' second studio album.	Here Come the Horns	Delinquent Habits
performer	Payable on Death is the eponymous fifth studio album and third major label release by Californian metal quartet P.O.D..	Payable on Death	P.O.D.
performer	¡Viva Zapata! is the second album by the American punk band 7 Year Bitch.	¡Viva Zapata!	7 Year Bitch
performer	``Lovin' Her Was Easier (Than Anything I'll Ever Do Again)'' is a song written, composed, first recorded, and first released by Kris Kristofferson.	Lovin' Her Was Easier (Than Anything I'll Ever Do Again)	Kris Kristofferson
performer	``Can't We Try'' is a 1987 duet performed by Dan Hill and Vonda Shepard.	Can't We Try	Dan Hill	Vonda Shepard
performer	Das Leben ist Saad (German: The Life is Saad) is the first solo album by the German rapper Baba Saad.	Das Leben ist Saad	Baba Saad
performer	Eye on It is TobyMac's sixth full-length solo studio album released on August 28, 2012.	Eye on It	TobyMac
performer	``Give Me the Keys (And I'll Drive You Crazy)'' is a song by Huey Lewis and the News, released in January 1989 as the third single from the album Small World.	Give Me the Keys (And I'll Drive You Crazy)	Huey Lewis and the News
performer	``Feel All My Love Inside'' is an album track issued by Marvin Gaye on his 1976 album, I Want You.	Feel All My Love Inside	Marvin Gaye
performer	``It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)'' is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan and first released on his 1965 album, Bringing It All Back Home.	It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)	Bob Dylan
performer	Picture Music is the fourth album of electronic music by German musician Klaus Schulze.	Picture Music	Klaus Schulze
performer	``Mi Marciana'' (English: My Martian) is a song recorded by the Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz.	Mi Marciana	Alejandro Sanz
performer	``Day-O (The Banana Boat Song)'' is a traditional Jamaican mento folk song; the best-known version was released by Jamaican-American singer Harry Belafonte in 1956 and later became one of his signature songs.	Day-O (The Banana Boat Song)	Harry Belafonte
performer	``Creepin' Up Slowly'' is the first single and the third track from the album Garage Mahal, by the Melbourne band Taxiride.	Creepin' Up Slowly	Taxiride
performer	``Everybody Talks'' is the lead single from the second studio album, Picture Show, by American rock band Neon Trees'.	Everybody Talks	Neon Trees
performer	``My Block'', often referred to incorrectly as ``On My Block'', is a 2002 song by American rapper Scarface, and was the lead single released from his seventh album, The Fix.	My Block	Scarface
performer	From Pillar to Post was the first official release by Logan Lynn from Beat the World Records, a Caroline Records / EMI 3rd party label and was Lynn's first record to be released on a major label.	From Pillar to Post	Logan Lynn
performer	``Back in the Fire'' is a song written by Mike Reid and Rory Michael Bourke, and recorded by American country music artist Gene Watson.	Back in the Fire	Gene Watson
performer	``Don't Wanna Lie'' is the 49th single for the Japanese rock duo B'z, and the second single to be released from their 2011 album C'mon.	Don't Wanna Lie	B'z
performer	Why Call It Anything is a studio album by English post-punk band The Chameleons, recorded from 2000 to 2001 and released 1 July 2001 on record label Artful.	Why Call It Anything	The Chameleons
performer	Flower of Disease is the second album by American doom metal band Goatsnake.	Flower of Disease	Goatsnake
performer	Des fleurs pour un caméléon is Belgian pop singer Lio's fifth studio album of entirely new material and sixth album overall.	Des fleurs pour un caméléon	Lio
performer	Espejos del Alma is the 15th studio album by Mexican pop singer Yuri.	Espejos del Alma	Yuri
performer	``All Time Love'' is a popular song, written by Jamie Hartman and performed by Will Young.	All Time Love	Will Young
performer	``The Bewlay Brothers'' is a song written by David Bowie in 1971 for the album Hunky Dory.	The Bewlay Brothers	David Bowie
performer	``Vågar du, vågar jag'' (English: ``If you dare, I dare too'') is a song written by Bobby Ljunggren, Fredrik Kempe and Henrik Wikström, and performed by Sanna Nielsen at Melodifestivalen 2007.	Vågar du, vågar jag	Sanna Nielsen
performer	Exit 0 is the second studio album from country singer-songwriter Steve Earle (credited to Steve Earle & The Dukes), released in 1987.	Exit 0	Steve Earle
performer	``Rene and Georgette Magritte with Their Dog after the War'' is a ballad written and sung by Paul Simon.	Rene and Georgette Magritte with Their Dog after the War	Paul Simon
performer	Ten Days in the Madhouse is an album, by Denise Ho, released on December 12, 2008.	Ten Days in the Madhouse	Denise Ho
performer	'Get Out the Door`` is the third single from Velvet Revolver's second album Libertad.	Get Out the Door	Velvet Revolver
performer	``Red Frame/White Light'' is the second single of the synthpop group Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark.	Red Frame/White Light	Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark
performer	``I'm All Right'' is the opening track of Half the Perfect World, Madeleine Peyroux's third solo album.	I'm All Right	Madeleine Peyroux
performer	Speaking Louder Than Before is the sixth studio album from contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp.	Speaking Louder Than Before	Jeremy Camp
performer	Good Morning Aztlán is the tenth studio album from the American band Los Lobos, originally released in 2002.	Good Morning Aztlán	Los Lobos
performer	Invisible Lantern is the third full-length studio album by alternative rock band Screaming Trees.	Invisible Lantern	Screaming Trees
performer	Makeshift Feelgood is the album by the English electronic dance music group X-Press 2.	Makeshift Feelgood	X-Press 2
performer	``The Call Up'' is a song by English punk rock group The Clash.	The Call Up	The Clash
performer	``Paradise Tonight'' is a song written by Bill Kenner and Mark Wright, and recorded by American country music artists Charly McClain and Mickey Gilley as a duet.	Paradise Tonight	Charly McClain	Mickey Gilley
performer	``Jazzman'' is a 1974 song performed by Carole King, from her album Wrap Around Joy.	Jazzman	Carole King
performer	Strange Disaster is an EP by The Manvils, released in 2007.	Strange Disaster	The Manvils
performer	Atemlos Live (Breathless - Live) is the fourth live album by German electronic musician, composer and producer Christopher von Deylen under his Schiller alias.	Atemlos Live	Schiller
performer	``After the Love Has Gone'' is a 1979 hit single for Earth, Wind & Fire, written by David Foster, Jay Graydon, and Bill Champlin for the album I Am.	After the Love Has Gone	Earth, Wind & Fire
performer	World Won't Miss You is the 1990 full-length debut by heavy metal band Reverend.	World Won't Miss You	Reverend
performer	There Is a Way is the second full-length studio album by Dananananaykroyd and was released on June 13, 2011 through the band's own Pizza College label.	There Is a Way	Dananananaykroyd
performer	``The End Has No End'' is a song by the indie rock band The Strokes, and the third single from Room on Fire.	The End Has No End	The Strokes
performer	``New Sensation'' is a song by the Australian rock group INXS.	New Sensation	INXS
performer	``2HB'' is a song written by Bryan Ferry and first recorded by Roxy Music for their 1972 debut album, Roxy Music.	2HB	Roxy Music
performer	``Love Is a War'' is a song written by Jamie Appleby, Melinda Appleby, Melinda Jackson and Elliot Gleave, and produced by Ash for the Rogue Traders's upcoming fourth studio album.	Love Is a War	Rogue Traders
performer	Version of the Truth is the title of the third album released the American country music duo Foster & Lloyd.	Version of the Truth	Foster & Lloyd
performer	Duty Now for the Future was the second album by American new wave band Devo, released in 1979.	Duty Now for the Future	Devo
performer	The Fury of Our Maker's Hand is the second studio album by American heavy metal DevilDriver, released on June 28, 2005.	The Fury of Our Maker's Hand	DevilDriver
performer	``Carnival of Light'' is an unreleased experimental piece by The Beatles.	Carnival of Light	The Beatles
performer	Where the Happy People Go is an album released by the disco and funk group The Trammps in 1976.	Where the Happy People Go	The Trammps
performer	Recovering the Satellites is the second album by Counting Crows, released on October 14, 1996 in the United Kingdom and two days later in the United States.	Recovering the Satellites	Counting Crows
performer	The Prophet's Song is a song by British rock band Queen, originally released on their fourth studio album A Night at the Opera in 1975.	The Prophet's Song	Queen
performer	Rrröööaaarrr is the second album by Canadian heavy metal band Voivod.	Rrröööaaarrr	Voivod
performer	Love Is Hell pt. 1 is an EP by alternative country artist Ryan Adams, released on November 4, 2003.	Love Is Hell pt. 1	Ryan Adams
performer	Live to Win is the second solo album from Kiss vocalist, guitarist and co-founder Paul Stanley, released on October 24, 2006.	Live to Win	Paul Stanley
performer	``Baby-Baby-Baby'' is a song by the group TLC.	Baby-Baby-Baby	TLC
performer	``Not That Kinda Girl'' is a song by American singer JoJo from her self-titled debut album.	Not That Kinda Girl	JoJo
performer	Que Te Vaya Bien En Todo is the eighth studio album released by Los Mismos on August 12, 2003.	Que Te Vaya Bien En Todo	Los Mismos
performer	Muzyka Klasyczna is the first collaborative album by Polish rapper Pezet, a member of Płomień 81; and Polish producer Noon, a member of Grammatik.	Muzyka Klasyczna	Pezet
performer	``Cool Places'' is a song recorded by American duo Sparks in collaboration with Go-Go's member Jane Wiedlin.	Cool Places	Sparks	Jane Wiedlin
performer	Flame On is an album released by popular Soca artist Machel Montano from Trinidad and Tobago in 2008.	Flame On	Machel Montano
performer	``We Gotta Get out of This Place'', occasionally written ``We've Gotta Get out of This Place'', is a rock song written by Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil and recorded as a 1965 hit single by The Animals.	We Gotta Get out of This Place	The Animals
performer	01011001 is the seventh studio album by Arjen Anthony Lucassen's long-running Ayreon project.	01011001	Ayreon
performer	Hitting the Ground is Violent Femmes member Gordon Gano's first solo album.	Hitting the Ground	Gordon Gano
performer	What Doesn't Kill You, Eventually Kills You is the second full-length album by hardcore/metal band Gay for Johnny Depp.	What Doesn't Kill You, Eventually Kills You	Gay for Johnny Depp
performer	``You Can Make History (Young Again)'' is a song by Elton John, initially recorded in 1996 and released on the American version of the compilation Love Songs.	You Can Make History (Young Again)	Elton John
performer	``Dine Øjne'' is a single by Danish singer Jon Nørgaard, from his third studio album Uden dig. It was released in Denmark as a digital download on 7 March 2011.	Dine Øjne	Jon Nørgaard
performer	Stay What You Are is the third album release from the American rock band Saves the Day, released in 2001.	Stay What You Are	Saves the Day
performer	Dance Without Music is the second studio album by British musicians Paul Downes and Phil Beer, and their first under the shorter name of ``Downes & Beer'', released a standard 33rpm 10 track stereo vinyl in 1976 only.	Dance Without Music	Paul Downes
performer	Cieli di Toscana (Tuscan Skies) is Andrea Bocelli's eighth studio album, released in 2001.	Cieli di Toscana	Andrea Bocelli
performer	Funkentelechy Vs. the Placebo Syndrome is a funk album by Parliament, released in 1977 (see 1977 in music).	Funkentelechy Vs. the Placebo Syndrome	Parliament
performer	``On traverse un miroir'' (meaning ``We Cross a Mirror'') is the first single from Celine Dion's album Incognito, released in April 1987 in Quebec, Canada.	On traverse un miroir	Celine Dion
performer	Disco 3 is an album by the English electronic music duo Pet Shop Boys.	Disco 3	Pet Shop Boys
performer	Tonight Alright is the sixth studio album by Australian rock band Spiderbait, recorded in Weed, California by producer Sylvia Massy.	Tonight Alright	Spiderbait
performer	Assan Jana Mall-o Mall (Punjabi: اساں جانا مال و مال) is the fifth pop album of Pakistani singer Abrar-ul-Haq.	Assan Jana Mall-o Mall	Abrar-ul-Haq
performer	Changing Channels is the fourth solo album by dobro player Jerry Douglas, released in 1987 (see 1987 in music).	Changing Channels	Jerry Douglas
performer	``The Ballad of Mona Lisa'' (commonly referred to as simply ``Mona Lisa'') is a song by American rock band Panic! at the Disco, released February 1, 2011 as the first single from the group's third studio album, Vices & Virtues (2011).	The Ballad of Mona Lisa	Panic! at the Disco
performer	Not So Tough Now is an album released in July 1996 by Frenzal Rhomb, the follow-up to their first album Coughing up a Storm.	Not So Tough Now	Frenzal Rhomb
performer	Fromohio (stylized as fROMOHIO) is the third album by the American alternative rock band Firehose, released in 1989.	Fromohio	Firehose
performer	Sound of a Rebel is the fourth studio album by the Danish hip hop group Outlandish.	Sound of a Rebel	Outlandish
performer	The Walls Came Down is the fifth studio album released by country music artist Collin Raye.	The Walls Came Down	Collin Raye
performer	Shift in the Wind is an album by American jazz bassist Gary Peacock, with pianist Art Lande and drummer Eliot Zigmund, recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label.	Shift in the Wind	Gary Peacock
performer	Flower/Halloween is a single by the alternative rock band Sonic Youth.	Flower/Halloween	Sonic Youth
performer	``Overrated'' is a song by English singer Siobhán Donaghy, released as the lead single from her debut studio album Revolution in Me (2003).	Overrated	Siobhán Donaghy
performer	Skittish / Rockity Roll is a re-release of Mike Doughty's first two solo studio albums, Skittish and Rockity Roll.	Skittish / Rockity Roll	Mike Doughty
performer	Blacks and Blues is the third studio album by American jazz flutist Bobbi Humphrey recorded in 1973 and released on the Blue Note label.	Blacks and Blues	Bobbi Humphrey
performer	``Lettre à France'' is a single by French singer Michel Polnareff that was released in 1977.	Lettre à France	Michel Polnareff
performer	``Underwear Goes Inside the Pants'' is a song by Lazyboy, which is a musical project combining spoken word with hip-hop beats and other musical styles, with vocals on this track by stand-up comedian Greg Giraldo.	Underwear Goes Inside the Pants	Lazyboy	Greg Giraldo
performer	``Doctorin' the House'' is a single by Coldcut with British singer Yazz (Yasmin Evans) released in 1988.	Doctorin' the House	Coldcut	Yazz
performer	Roskilde 07.07.07 is the second live album by the Danish rock band Nephew.	Roskilde 07.07.07	Nephew
performer	The Montreal Tapes: with Don Cherry and Ed Blackwell is a live album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden with trumpeter Don Cherry and drummer Ed Blackwell recorded at the Montreal International Jazz Festival in 1989 and released on the Verve label.	The Montreal Tapes: with Don Cherry and Ed Blackwell	Charlie Haden
performer	``I Almost Told You That I Loved You'' is the third single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's sixth album, Metamorphosis, and twelfth released single in total.	I Almost Told You That I Loved You	Papa Roach
performer	``Another Try'' is a song written by Jeremy Spillman and Chris Stapleton, and recorded by American country music artist Josh Turner, featuring harmony vocals from Trisha Yearwood.	Another Try	Josh Turner	Trisha Yearwood
performer	``Girl All the Bad Guys Want'' is a single by Texas band Bowling for Soup, from their 2002 album, Drunk Enough to Dance.	Girl All the Bad Guys Want	Bowling for Soup
performer	P.S. Mr. Cole is a tribute album by jazz guitarist and vocalist John Pizzarelli, along with his trio of brother Martin Pizzarelli on double-bass and Ray Kennedy on piano.	P.S. Mr. Cole	John Pizzarelli
performer	One Logologo Line is the debut album by Nollywood actress Genevieve Nnaji released in Accra Ghana on December 11, 2004.	One Logologo Line	Genevieve Nnaji
performer	And Now! is the third studio album by the Southern soul band Booker T. & the M.G.'s, released in November 1966.	And Now!	Booker T. & the M.G.
performer	Live by the Code is the fifth studio album by Los Angeles hardcore punk band Terror.	Live by the Code	Terror
performer	Carnival of Lost Souls is the fifth album by gothic musical duo Nox Arcana, loosely based on the story Something Wicked This Way Comes by Ray Bradbury.	Carnival of Lost Souls	Nox Arcana
performer	Big Iron World is the second studio album by folk/country/old timey band Old Crow Medicine Show, released on August 29, 2006.	Big Iron World	Old Crow Medicine Show
performer	Sadistic Sex Daemon is the 7th studio album by the band Misanthrope.	Sadistic Sex Daemon	Misanthrope
performer	``Musique Non-Stop'' is a 1986 single by German techno group Kraftwerk, which was featured on the album Electric Café.	Musique Non-Stop	Kraftwerk
performer	Too Dark Park is the sixth studio album by the industrial music group Skinny Puppy.	Too Dark Park	Skinny Puppy
performer	The Light Between Us is the third studio album by the English band Scouting for Girls.	The Light Between Us	Scouting for Girls
performer	``Baby, What a Big Surprise'' is a song written by Peter Cetera for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago XI (1977), with Cetera singing lead vocals.	Baby, What a Big Surprise	Chicago
performer	Sing the Big Hits (aka The Statler Brothers Sing the Big Hits) is the second album by The Statler Brothers.	Sing the Big Hits	The Statler Brothers
performer	``L'Histoire d'une fée, c'est...'' (English: ``The Story of a Fairy Is...'') is a 2001 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Mylène Farmer.	L'Histoire d'une fée, c'est...	Mylène Farmer
performer	``No Equal'' is the second single by East Coast hip hop group The Beatnuts.	No Equal	The Beatnuts
performer	Dance with the Witches was the 8th album by the German heavy metal band Stormwitch, released in 2002, it was their first since the band split up after the unsuccessful Shogun in 1994.	Dance with the Witches	Stormwitch
performer	Comfortably Uncomfortable is the debut album from American rock band The Jealous Girlfriends.	Comfortably Uncomfortable	The Jealous Girlfriends
performer	Tres Veces Tres (Three times three) (2004) is the fourth album by the Mexican ska and rock band Panteón Rococó.	Tres Veces Tres	Panteón Rococó
performer	O klang och jubeltid is the fourth studio album by Swedish folk-group Benny Anderssons orkester, released in June 2011.	O klang och jubeltid	Benny Anderssons orkester
performer	Histoire de Melody Nelson is a 1971 concept album by French songwriter Serge Gainsbourg.	Histoire de Melody Nelson	Serge Gainsbourg
performer	``Let Your Love Flow'' is the title of a pop song written by Larry E. Williams, a former roadie for Neil Diamond, and made popular by the American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers.	Let Your Love Flow	The Bellamy Brothers
performer	Dosburg Online is the thirty-third album by Klaus Schulze.	Dosburg Online	Klaus Schulze
performer	L'apparenza (The appearance) is an album by the Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti.	L'apparenza	Lucio Battisti
performer	The Colours of Chloë is an album by German double bassist and composer Eberhard Weber recorded in 1973 and released on the ECM label.	The Colours of Chloë	Eberhard Weber
performer	What Can You Do to Me Now is a 1975 album by country singer Willie Nelson.	What Can You Do to Me Now	Willie Nelson
performer	Dancin' in the Key of Life is the debut solo album from American R&B/soul singer Steve Arrington (not including two albums released earlier in the decade with Steve Arrington's Hall of Fame).	Dancin' in the Key of Life	Steve Arrington
performer	Two Minute Warning is the seventh album by Australian band The Angels, it was released in 1984.	Two Minute Warning	The Angels
performer	Your Filthy Little Mouth is the fourth full-length studio LP by David Lee Roth, the lead singer of the American rock band Van Halen.	Your Filthy Little Mouth	David Lee Roth
performer	Love Liberty Disco is the eighth studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys, released in 1999.	Love Liberty Disco	Newsboys
performer	``All I Hear'' was the third single from Kate Alexa, released in March 2006, taken from her debut album, Broken & Beautiful.	All I Hear	Kate Alexa
performer	Annihilation Principle is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Lääz Rockit.	Annihilation Principle	Lääz Rockit
performer	``Take a Load Off Your Feet'' is a song written by Al Jardine, Brian Wilson and Gary Winfrey for the American rock band The Beach Boys.	Take a Load Off Your Feet	The Beach Boys
performer	End of the World Party (Just in Case) is an album released by Medeski Martin & Wood.	End of the World Party (Just in Case)	Medeski Martin & Wood
performer	Expect the Impossible is the third studio album from the Christian pop punk band, Stellar Kart.	Expect the Impossible	Stellar Kart
performer	Back into Your System is the third full-length studio album released on November 12, 2002 by alternative metal band Saliva.	Back into Your System	Saliva
performer	Instinto y Deseo (Eng.: Instinct and Desire) is the title of the seventh studio album released on January 30, 2001 by performer Víctor Manuelle.	Instinto y Deseo	Víctor Manuelle
performer	``Right in the Night (Fall in Love With Music)'' is a song by German electronic music duo Jam & Spoon.	Right in the Night	Jam & Spoon
performer	Unicornography is the critically acclaimed debut album by the Chicago-based punk rock supergroup The Falcon which was released on September 26, 2006 in the United States.	Unicornography	The Falcon
performer	Amanti di valore is an album by Italian singer Mina, issued in 1973 and distributed back to back with the album Frutta e verdura.	Amanti di valore	Mina
performer	Songs 1 is the fifteenth studio album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke, released in 2007.	Songs 1	Judie Tzuke
performer	``Banditos'' is a song by American alternative rock band The Refreshments from their album Fizzy Fuzzy Big & Buzzy.	Banditos	The Refreshments
performer	The Power of Two is a 2009 studio album by American vocalists Michael Feinstein and Cheyenne Jackson arranged by John Oddo.	The Power of Two	Michael Feinstein
performer	``Up and Gone'' is a song recorded by American country music trio Jennifer McCarter and The McCarters.	Up and Gone	The McCarters
performer	``Bring 'Em Down'' is the first single from Weapons, the fifth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets released on 23 March 2012.	Bring 'Em Down	Lostprophets
performer	``Major Tom (Coming Home)'' (German: Major Tom (völlig losgelöst), translation: ``Major Tom (totally disconnected)''), is a song by singer Peter Schilling from his album Error in the System.	Major Tom (Coming Home)	Peter Schilling
performer	Final Call (The Lost Tapes) is a previously unreleased studio album by rapper AZ, recorded in 2003 and 2004.	Final Call (The Lost Tapes)	AZ
performer	U ogledalu (English: In the Mirror) is a 2004 album by Serbian pop singer Ana Stanić.	U ogledalu	Ana Stanić
performer	Wrapped Tight is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse! label.	Wrapped Tight	Coleman Hawkins
performer	``She's Got Nothing On (But the Radio)'', written by Per Gessle and performed by Swedish pop duo Roxette, is the first single released from their eighth studio album Charm School.	She's Got Nothing On (But the Radio)	Roxette
performer	Further Adventures Of is the eighth studio album by Canadian singer/songwriter Bruce Cockburn.	Further Adventures Of	Bruce Cockburn
performer	Songs from a Room is the second album by Canadian musician Leonard Cohen, released in 1969.	Songs from a Room	Leonard Cohen
performer	The Bridge (Concept of a Culture) is the seventh studio album by American hip hop recording artist Grandmaster Flash, his first studio album since 1998's Flash is Back.	The Bridge (Concept of a Culture)	Grandmaster Flash
performer	Mystic Island is an album by the German andean new age band Cusco.	Mystic Island	Cusco
performer	``Music Makes Me High'' is the fourth single released from the Lost Boyz' debut album, Legal Drug Money.	Music Makes Me High	Lost Boyz
performer	``Make a Toast'' is the second and final single from rapper Dolla's planned but scrapped debut album A Dolla and a Dream.	Make a Toast	Dolla
performer	``Lay Your Hands'' is the first single released from Blue band member Simon Webbe's debut solo album, Sanctuary.	Lay Your Hands	Simon Webbe
performer	A Grounding in Numbers is a studio album by the British rock group Van der Graaf Generator.	A Grounding in Numbers	Van der Graaf Generator
performer	In Between Evolution is the ninth full-length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip.	In Between Evolution	The Tragically Hip
performer	Soundz of Freedom is a Bob Sinclar album released on 21 May 2007 on Tommy Boy Entertainment.	Soundz of Freedom	Bob Sinclar
performer	``J'aime la vie'' (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɛm la vi), I Love Life) was the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed for Belgium by Sandra Kim.	J'aime la vie	Sandra Kim
performer	``My Friend Dario'' is the first single from Vitalic's debut album, OK Cowboy.	My Friend Dario	Vitalic
performer	It Sounds Like is a compilation album from the progressive house artist deadmau5.	It Sounds Like	deadmau5
performer	Gospel Duets with Treasured Friends is an album by American pop and country artist Brenda Lee.	Gospel Duets with Treasured Friends	Brenda Lee
performer	Phuong Vy sang the lead single off the album, ``Lúc mới yêu'' during the Asian Idol competition.	Lúc mới yêu	Phuong Vy
performer	Am I Still Your Boyfriend? is the sixth album from R&B band, Switch, and their last album.	Am I Still Your Boyfriend?	Switch
performer	``My Baby You'' is a song written and performed by Marc Anthony, and was released as the fourth single of his first english language album Marc Anthony.	My Baby You	Marc Anthony
performer	They Call Me Mr. Melody is a studio album by a Jamaican reggae singer Singing Melody.	They Call Me Mr. Melody	Singing Melody
performer	``These Hard Times'' is the second single (worldwide except Australia) from Matchbox Twenty's retrospective collection, Exile on Mainstream.	These Hard Times	Matchbox Twenty
performer	Rewind the Film is the eleventh studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers.	Rewind the Film	Manic Street Preachers
performer	``Roll Me Away'' is a song written by American rock artist Bob Seger on the album The Distance by Bob Seger and the Silver Bullet Band.	Roll Me Away	Bob Seger
performer	Live Rust is a live album by Neil Young & Crazy Horse, recorded during his fall 1978 Rust Never Sleeps tour.	Live Rust	Neil Young
performer	``Always Come Back to Your Love'' is the third single from Gotta Tell You, the debut album of the Irish singer Samantha Mumba.	Always Come Back to Your Love	Samantha Mumba
performer	Something/Anything? is a double album by Todd Rundgren, released in February 1972.	Something/Anything?	Todd Rundgren
performer	Hardships! is an album by Jenny Wilson, released in 2009.	Hardships!	Jenny Wilson
performer	``Shake a Fist'' is a song by English electronic music band Hot Chip from their third studio album, Made in the Dark (2008).	Shake a Fist	Hot Chip
performer	Strangers Almanac is the second studio album by American alternative country band Whiskeytown, released on July 29, 1997 on Geffen and Outpost Records.	Strangers Almanac	Whiskeytown
performer	The Isolation Game is the fourth full-length studio album by the Italian melodic death metal band Disarmonia Mundi, and was released on December 9, 2009 by Coroner Records.	The Isolation Game	Disarmonia Mundi
performer	``Somebody Help Me'' is a single by The Spencer Davis Group, which was released in 1966.	Somebody Help Me	The Spencer Davis Group
performer	``Crooked Teeth'' is a song by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie, the second single from their fifth album, Plans, released on 11 April 2006.	Crooked Teeth	Death Cab for Cutie
performer	Strach się bać is an album released on 28 May 2007 by Polish rock band Lady Pank.	Strach się bać	Lady Pank
performer	``Haifisch'' (German: ``Shark'') is the third single from the 2009 album Liebe ist für alle da by the German band Rammstein.	Haifisch	Rammstein
performer	``V slepých uličkách'' (English: On Dead-End Streets) is a duet by Miro Žbirka and Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1980.	V slepých uličkách	Marika Gombitová
performer	Album Album is a 1984 jazz album by Jack DeJohnette's Special Edition featuring five compositions by DeJohnette and a cover of Thelonious Monk's ``Monk's Mood''.	Album Album	Jack DeJohnette
performer	The Order of the Reptile is the third full-length album by darkwave musical duo Ego Likeness.	The Order of the Reptile	Ego Likeness
performer	Decas is a compilation album by the American metal band As I Lay Dying.	Decas	As I Lay Dying
performer	``I Want a Guy'' is a song written by Freddie Gorman, Berry Gordy and Brian Holland and was the debuting single for Motown girl group The Supremes in 1961.	I Want a Guy	The Supremes
performer	Último Bondi a Finisterre is the ninth album by Argentine rock band Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota, released in 1998.	Último Bondi a Finisterre	Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota
performer	``A Case of You'' is a song by Joni Mitchell, from her 1971 album Blue.	A Case of You	Joni Mitchell
performer	``Dirtee Disco'' is the fifth single from British rapper Dizzee Rascal's fourth studio album Tongue n' Cheek, although the song only appears in the deluxe edition of the album.	Dirtee Disco	Dizzee Rascal
performer	Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy, the ninth formal studio album release for Elton John, is an autobiographical account of the early musical careers of Elton John (Captain Fantastic) and Bernie Taupin (the Brown Dirt Cowboy).	Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy	Elton John
performer	Flaming Schoolgirls is the all-female rock band The Runaways' fifth and final album, released in 1980, a year after the band had broken up.	Flaming Schoolgirls	The Runaways
performer	How Could Hell Be Any Worse? is the first full-length album released by American punk rock band Bad Religion, which was released on January 19, 1982.	How Could Hell Be Any Worse?	Bad Religion
performer	``Wasted Love'' is the debut single by American pop singer and The Voice Season 7 runner up Matt McAndrew.	Wasted Love	Matt McAndrew
performer	Outlaw Is Just a State of Mind is the name of the 25th studio album by American country music singer Lynn Anderson, released in 1979.	Outlaw Is Just a State of Mind	Lynn Anderson
performer	Hallanvaara (Finnish for Risk of Frost) is the third studio album of Ismo Alanko Säätiö.	Hallanvaara	Ismo Alanko Säätiö
performer	``Cross-Eyed Mary'' is a song by the British progressive rock band Jethro Tull from their album Aqualung (1971).	Cross-Eyed Mary	Jethro Tull
performer	When Angels Speak of Love is a music album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra.	When Angels Speak of Love	Sun Ra
performer	Mambo Nights is a 2000 album from the Latin Jazz ensemble Conexion Latina.	Mambo Nights	Conexion Latina
performer	TV or Not TV is the first album by the comedy duo Proctor and Bergman.	TV or Not TV	Proctor and Bergman
performer	Silent Cries and Mighty Echoes is the eighth album by German progressive rock band Eloy, being released 1979.	Silent Cries and Mighty Echoes	Eloy
performer	``The Things That U Do'' is the third single taken from DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince's fourth studio album, Homebase.	The Things That U Do	DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince
performer	``Yo (Excuse Me Miss)'' is the second single from Chris Brown's debut album Chris Brown, released in November 2005 in the U.S. and February 2006 worldwide.	Yo (Excuse Me Miss)	Chris Brown
performer	``Lady Navigation'' is the eighth single by B'z, released on March 27, 1991.	Lady Navigation	B'z
performer	Guerilla Disco is the first album from Quarashi with new rapper Tiny.	Guerilla Disco	Quarashi
performer	``You Ain't Much Fun'' is a song co-written and performed by American country music artist Toby Keith that peaked at #2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.	You Ain't Much Fun	Toby Keith
performer	Theatrical Madness is the second full-length album by the Danish band Evil Masquerade.	Theatrical Madness	Evil Masquerade
performer	To Hell with the Devil is the Grammy Award nominated third release, and third studio album, by the Christian metal and glam metal band Stryper, released in 1986.	To Hell with the Devil	Stryper
performer	``She Runs Away (10 Things I Hate About You)'' is the second of three singles released on the debut album by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik.	She Runs Away	Duncan Sheik
performer	Sinful Innocence is the second studio album from Canadian R&B singer Cory Lee.	Sinful Innocence	Cory Lee
performer	A Strangely Isolated Place is the second album by Ulrich Schnauss, released in 2003.	A Strangely Isolated Place	Ulrich Schnauss
performer	``Tellement j'ai d'amour pour toi'' (meaning ``I Have So Much Love for You'') is the first single from Celine Dion's album Tellement j'ai d'amour....	Tellement j'ai d'amour pour toi	Celine Dion
performer	``Did You Give Enough Love'' is a song by Celine Dion, released in 1993 as the sixth and final single from her second album, Celine Dion.	Did You Give Enough Love	Celine Dion
performer	Self-Inflicted Aerial Nostalgia is the third album by Dayton, Ohio musical group Guided by Voices.	Self-Inflicted Aerial Nostalgia	Guided by Voices
performer	All My Heroes Are Dead is an album by Dar Williams and produced by Jeannie Deva.	All My Heroes Are Dead	Dar Williams
performer	``Changing of the Guards'' is a song written by Bob Dylan, released in 1978 as a single and as the first track on his album Street-Legal.	Changing of the Guards	Bob Dylan
performer	``A Woman Needs Love (Just Like You Do)'' is a 1981 song recorded by American R&B vocalist and songwriter Ray Parker Jr., along with his group, Raydio.	A Woman Needs Love (Just Like You Do)	Ray Parker
performer	``Party Up (Up in Here)'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX, released as the second single from his third album ...	Party Up (Up in Here)	DMX
performer	``Aşk Sakızı'' is a pop song by Hepsi.	Aşk Sakızı	Hepsi
performer	All Star Sessions is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded between 1950 and 1955 and released on the Prestige label.	All Star Sessions	Gene Ammons
performer	Backatown is an album released by jazz musician Troy 'Trombone Shorty' Andrews.	Backatown	Trombone Shorty
performer	Old Ramon is the final studio album by American indie rock band Red House Painters, released on April 10, 2001 on Sub Pop. Originally completed in 1998, band leader Mark Kozelek had to wait until 2001 to release the album.	Old Ramon	Red House Painters
performer	Diamonds & Dirt is an album released in 1988 by American singer-songwriter Rodney Crowell (see 1988 in country music).	Diamonds & Dirt	Rodney Crowell
performer	The Memphis Album is a cover album of Memphis soul songs by Australian singer Guy Sebastian released in Australia by Sony Music on 10 November 2007.	The Memphis Album	Guy Sebastian
performer	Rosie Sings Bing is a 1978 studio album by the American jazz singer Rosemary Clooney, recorded in tribute to Bing Crosby, who had died the previous year.	Rosie Sings Bing	Rosemary Clooney
performer	``You Can't Get What You Want (Till You Know What You Want)'' is a single from Joe Jackson's 1984 album Body and Soul.	You Can't Get What You Want (Till You Know What You Want)	Joe Jackson
performer	Beheading the Liars is Skiltron's second studio album, recorded in January 2008 at La Nave de Oseberg studios.	Beheading the Liars	Skiltron
performer	``Hishoku no Sora'' (緋色の空, Scarlet-colored Sky) is the second single of J-pop singer Mami Kawada.	Hishoku no Sora	Mami Kawada
performer	Wschód jest pełen słońca is the sixth album by Polish punk rock band Karcer.	Wschód jest pełen słońca	Karcer
performer	No. 1 in Heaven is the eighth album by the American rock band Sparks.	No. 1 in Heaven	Sparks
performer	The Avoided Sun is the second studio album released by Japanese rock band Lynch..	The Avoided Sun	Lynch
performer	``The Greatest View'' is the first single by Australian rock band Silverchair released from their fourth album, Diorama, which was released in 2002, as was ``The Greatest View''.	The Greatest View	Silverchair
performer	``Worry About It Later'' is the second single to be taken from The Futureheads second album News and Tributes.	Worry About It Later	The Futureheads
performer	What If We Were Real is the third studio album by CCM singer Mandisa.	What If We Were Real	Mandisa
performer	Circus Monkey (Chinese: 馬戲團猴子) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Stanley Huang's (Chinese: 黃立行) 2nd Mandarin studio album.	Circus Monkey	Stanley Huang
performer	The Art of Balance is the third album by American heavy metal band Shadows Fall, released on September 17, 2002.	The Art of Balance	Shadows Fall
performer	Walkin' the Strings was the first solo acoustic guitar album by Merle Travis, released in 1960 but recorded in the late 1940s and early 1950s, when Travis was at the peak of his performing abilities.	Walkin' the Strings	Merle Travis
performer	``Say It's Not True'' is the first studio single by Queen + Paul Rodgers, It was released on World AIDS Day 1 December 2007.	Say It's Not True	Queen + Paul Rodgers
performer	``In punta di piedi'' is the debut single by Nathalie, an Italian singer-songwriter of mixed Tunisian-Belgian origins who won the fourth season of Italian series of The X Factor on 2010.	In punta di piedi	Nathalie
performer	``Ready for the Night'' is a song by Belgian DJ Laurent Wéry, from his debut album Ready for the Night.	Ready for the Night	Laurent Wéry
performer	``Everybody Hurts'' is a song by R.E.M., originally released on the band's 1992 album Automatic for the People and was also released as a single in 1993.	Everybody Hurts	R.E.M.
performer	Coming In for the Kill is the second and last album by British pop duo Climie Fisher, released in 1989.	Coming In for the Kill	Climie Fisher
performer	Back to the Grotto is the debut studio album by northern California rock band The Mother Hips.	Back to the Grotto	The Mother Hips
performer	Where Is Where is the second album by Cetu Javu, released in 1992.	Where Is Where	Cetu Javu
performer	Keep It Unreal is Mr. Scruff's first major release.	Keep It Unreal	Mr. Scruff
performer	Civilización (Civilization) is the ninth and last album by Argentine rock band Los Piojos, released in 2007.	Civilización	Los Piojos
performer	Big Band Specials is a 1962 album by June Christy, with tracks arranged by Bill Holman, Shorty Rogers and husband Bob Cooper.	Big Band Specials	June Christy
performer	``Wake Up Brother'' is a single released by New Zealand band Goldenhorse.	Wake Up Brother	Goldenhorse
performer	``Ukiyo Crossing'' (浮世CROSSING) is the ninth single by the Japanese band Uverworld and was released on November 14, 2007 in CD and CD+DVD format.	Ukiyo Crossing	Uverworld
performer	Forget and Not Slow Down is the sixth full-length studio album by American rock band Relient K, released on October 6, 2009.	Forget and Not Slow Down	Relient K
performer	Wrong End of the Rainbow is the 1970 album from pioneer Folk rock musician Tom Rush.	Wrong End of the Rainbow	Tom Rush
performer	Music from Atlas Dei (2007) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich.	Music from Atlas Dei	Robert Rich
performer	Engla Tocyme (The Coming of the English) is the third studio album by the English pagan metal band Forefather.	Engla Tocyme	Forefather
performer	Backstabber Etiquette is the sixth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts.	Backstabber Etiquette	Fuck the Facts
performer	Skintight is the third album by Leaves' Eyes female vocalist and lyricist Liv Kristine.	Skintight	Liv Kristine
performer	Holiday for Skins is a 1959 album by jazz drummer Art Blakey.	Holiday for Skins	Art Blakey
performer	``Texas (When I Die)'' is a song co-written and originally recorded by American country music artist Ed Bruce.	Texas (When I Die)	Ed Bruce
performer	``Just a Friend of Mine'' is the first single by the Belgian band Vaya Con Dios.	Just a Friend of Mine	Vaya Con Dios
performer	``Player's Prayer'' is the third and final single Lloyd's second album Street Love.	Player's Prayer	Lloyd
performer	``(You're My One and Only) True Love'' was a hit single by Seduction.	(You're My One and Only) True Love	Seduction
performer	``Carnival Girl'' is a song by Scottish band Texas featuring Canadian rapper Kardinal Offishall.	Carnival Girl	Texas	Kardinal Offishall
performer	Gandhi Khan is a 2001 album by house music artist Armand Van Helden.	Gandhi Khan	Armand Van Helden
performer	``Como Me Duele Perderte'' (How It Hurts To Lose You) is a song by Gloria Estefan, released as her second single from her third Spanish album Alma Caribeña.	Como Me Duele Perderte	Gloria Estefan
performer	We Sing of Only Blood or Love (erroneously titled We Sing Only of Blood or Love on the vinyl format) is the debut solo album released by American singer and songwriter Dax Riggs.	We Sing of Only Blood or Love	Dax Riggs
performer	Dick's Picks Volume 23 is a three-CD album by the rock group the Grateful Dead.	Dick's Picks Volume 23	Grateful Dead
performer	``What a Catch, Donnie'' is Fall Out Boy's second digital download single and third radio single from their fourth studio album Folie à Deux (2008).	What a Catch, Donnie	Fall Out Boy
performer	Our Biggest Thing Ever is the studio album by Indonesian alternative rock band Last Child, released in 2012.	Our Biggest Thing Ever	Last Child
performer	``It's Five O'Clock Somewhere'' is a song performed by Alan Jackson and Jimmy Buffett, and written by Jim ``Moose'' Brown and Don Rollins.	It's Five O'Clock Somewhere	Alan Jackson	Jimmy Buffett
performer	Just Like Old Times is the début album by singer-songwriter Heather Myles.	Just Like Old Times	Heather Myles
performer	Tougher Than Leather is the fourth studio album from American hip hop group Run-- D.M.C., released on May 17, 1988.	Tougher Than Leather	Run-- D.M.C.
performer	Imperial Wax Solvent is a studio album by The Fall -- the band's 27th -- released in the UK on April 28, 2008.	Imperial Wax Solvent	The Fall
performer	Love Rendezvous is the fourth single from the album Bizarre Fruit/Bizarre Fruit II by British band M People.	Love Rendezvous	M People
performer	With Echoes in the Movement of Stone is the third studio album by American doom metal band Minsk, released on May 26, 2009 through Relapse Records.	With Echoes in the Movement of Stone	Minsk
performer	Motel Capri is the third album by Québécois néo-trad band Les Cowboys Fringants.	Motel Capri	Les Cowboys Fringants
performer	``Do I Wanna Know?'' is a song recorded by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys for their fifth studio album AM (2013).	Do I Wanna Know?	Arctic Monkeys
performer	Tied & True is the fourth album by The Detroit Cobras, released 24 April 2007 (see 2007 in music).	Tied & True	The Detroit Cobras
performer	``Dance On!'' is an instrumental by the British instrumental group, The Shadows.	Dance On!	The Shadows
performer	Silence Is Wild is the third album by Swedish Singer-songwriter Frida Hyvönen.	Silence Is Wild	Frida Hyvönen
performer	``Return of the Mack'' is a song written and recorded by English R&B artist Mark Morrison.	Return of the Mack	Mark Morrison
performer	Turn Against This Land is the debut album from the London-based band Dogs, released in 2005.	Turn Against This Land	Dogs
performer	Premier Gaou is an album by Ivorian Zouglou artists Magic System.	Premier Gaou	Magic System
performer	``The Wicked Messenger'' is a song written and originally performed by Bob Dylan for his album John Wesley Harding.	The Wicked Messenger	Bob Dylan
performer	Oohs & Aahs (2009) is the sixth full-length album by Say Hi and was released on March 3, 2009.	Oohs & Aahs	Say Hi
performer	The Dissolution of Eternity is the third studio album by the Austrian neoclassical dark wave band Dargaard.	The Dissolution of Eternity	Dargaard
performer	``Don't Miss You'', is the first single from Amy Pearson's debut album Who I Am.	Don't Miss You	Amy Pearson
performer	Love Is the New Hate is the sixth album by the rock group Shihad.	Love Is the New Hate	Shihad
performer	Brakebein, is the second full-length album by Norwegian folk metal band, Trollfest.	Brakebein	Trollfest
performer	Nomindsland is the debut album by the industrial metal band Red Harvest, released through Black Mark Production in 1992.	Nomindsland	Red Harvest
performer	``Cheated on Me'' is a song written and performed by Gavin DeGraw from his self-titled album as the third single, released in September 2008.	Cheated on Me	Gavin DeGraw
performer	Dig That Treasure is the debut album of the band Cryptacize, released in 2008.	Dig That Treasure	Cryptacize
performer	``Ay Ay Ay Ay Moosey'' is a single by UK band Modern Romance.	Ay Ay Ay Ay Moosey	Modern Romance
performer	``Do Ya Wanna Funk'' is a dance song recorded by American recording artist Sylvester.	Do Ya Wanna Funk	Sylvester
performer	Verona Rag is the twenty-fifth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1986 and released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1987.	Verona Rag	Andrew Hill
performer	``You Were Mine'' is a song recorded by American country music group Dixie Chicks.	You Were Mine	Dixie Chicks
performer	``You're the Inspiration'' is a song written by Peter Cetera and David Foster for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago 17 (1984), with Cetera singing lead vocals.	You're the Inspiration	Chicago
performer	``Hanging On'' is a song by American recording artist Active Child from his debut studio album, You Are All I See (2011).	Hanging On	Active Child
performer	``Bwatue'' is a song by Phil Ochs, a U.S. singer-songwriter best known for the protest songs he wrote in the 1960s.	Bwatue	Phil Ochs
performer	A la fiesta is the third single by Spanish-French europop singer Miranda from her album, Fiesta.	A la fiesta	Miranda
performer	J-Tull Dot Com (1999) is the 20th studio album by the British band Jethro Tull, and their final studio album consisting of all-original material.	J-Tull Dot Com	Jethro Tull
performer	That Night in Leamington is a DVD released by British progressive rock band Mostly Autumn.	That Night in Leamington	Mostly Autumn
performer	``Reggae Night'' is a 1983 single by reggae artist Jimmy Cliff, from his album The Power and the Glory.	Reggae Night	Jimmy Cliff
performer	Exiting Arm (stylized as ExitingARM) is the third studio album by American hip hop sextet Subtle.	Exiting Arm	Subtle
performer	Trampin' is an album by Patti Smith, released April 27, 2004.	Trampin'	Patti Smith
performer	Demon Master is the second full-length album by the heavy metal band Blind Illusion.	Demon Master	Blind Illusion
performer	``Take Me to the Pilot'' is a rock song performed by British musician Elton John.	Take Me to the Pilot	Elton John
performer	In Fields of Pestilent Grief is a studio album by the Norwegian funeral doom metal band Funeral.	In Fields of Pestilent Grief	Funeral
performer	For Aeons Past is the debut studio album by Swedish metal band Solution .45.	For Aeons Past	Solution .45
performer	``Funky Tonight'' is the first single by the John Butler Trio from their fourth studio album, Grand National.	Funky Tonight	John Butler Trio
performer	Soria Moria is a 1989 album from the Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø, named after the fairy tale Soria Moria Castle.	Soria Moria	Sissel Kyrkjebø
performer	Cutting Our Teeth is the debut album by English post-hardcore band We Are the Ocean, after releasing two EPs.	Cutting Our Teeth	We Are the Ocean
performer	Rock Rock Kiss Kiss Combo is the debut album of Danish indie rock band The Fashion.	Rock Rock Kiss Kiss Combo	The Fashion
performer	``Crazy Vibes'' is a song performed by Belgian musician and songwriter Selah Sue from her self-titled debut album Selah Sue.	Crazy Vibes	Selah Sue
performer	Just Another Town is an album by Irish folk singer Johnny Duhan, originally released 21 September 1992 in Ireland, re-released on CD on 31 March 2007.	Just Another Town	Johnny Duhan
performer	Winter Carols is the sixth studio album by the group Blackmore's Night, released in the United Kingdom on October, 2006, and in the United States on November 7, 2006.	Winter Carols	Blackmore's Night
performer	O Teleftaios Horos (Greek: Ο Τελευταίος Χορός; English: The last dance) is the ninth studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas, released by Sony Music Greece in May 1991.	O Teleftaios Horos	Nikos Karvelas
performer	Once Over Lightly is a 1957 album by Jo Stafford.	Once Over Lightly	Jo Stafford
performer	Live Demonstration is a demo tape made by British rock band Oasis in 1993, prior to their rise to fame.	Live Demonstration	Oasis
performer	``Feelins''' is a song written by Troy Seals, Will Jennings and Don Goodman, and recorded by American country music artists Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn as a duet.	Feelins'	Conway Twitty	Loretta Lynn
performer	Private Waters in the Great Divide is the seventh studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts.	Private Waters in the Great Divide	Kid Creole and the Coconuts
performer	``Stop the Cavalry'' is a song written and performed by the English musician Jona Lewie.	Stop the Cavalry	Jona Lewie
performer	Dubhead is a 2004 album by Pigface and DJ Linux.	Dubhead	Pigface
performer	So Wrong is a song written by Carl Perkins, Danny Dill and Mel Tillis and popularized by country music artist Patsy Cline.	So Wrong	Patsy Cline
performer	Sukces (``Success'') - Second Czesław Niemen's solo album released in 1968.	Sukces	Czesław Niemen
performer	Araba 2004 was a 2004 single by musician Mustafa Sandal from the album Seven New Version, carrying five versions of the song.	Araba 2004	Mustafa Sandal
performer	Get Out of My Room is an album and short-form video featuring comedians Cheech & Chong, released in 1985.	Get Out of My Room	Cheech & Chong
performer	``Acércate'' (English: ``Come Closer'') is a song recorded by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen and duo Wisin & Yandel for Queen's seventh studio album Drama Queen (2010).	Acércate	Ivy Queen
performer	Cancer and Delirium is J. Tillman's fifth album.	Cancer and Delirium	J. Tillman
performer	``21 Things I Want in a Lover'' (sometimes referred as just ``21 Things'') is a song recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette for her fifth studio album, Under Rug Swept (2002).	21 Things I Want in a Lover	Alanis Morissette
performer	To Our Children's Children's Children is the fifth album by The Moody Blues, first issued in late 1969.	To Our Children's Children's Children	The Moody Blues
performer	Una Mas, on the front cover titled Una Mas (One More Time), is a jazz album by trumpeter Kenny Dorham and his quintet, released in 1963 on Blue Note as BLP 4127 and BST 84127.	Una Mas	Kenny Dorham
performer	``Get Me to the World on Time'' is a song written by Annette Tucker and Jill Jones for the American garage rock band, The Electric Prunes.	Get Me to the World on Time	The Electric Prunes
performer	Of Vengeance and Violence is the third full-length album by the metal band Dry Kill Logic.	Of Vengeance and Violence	Dry Kill Logic
performer	Fruits Clipper (stylized FRUITS CLiPPER) is the seventh album by the Japanese electro group Capsule.	Fruits Clipper	Capsule
performer	``Meat City'' is a song written by John Lennon, released as the 12th and final track on his 1973 album Mind Games.	Meat City	John Lennon
performer	``Madame George'' is a ten-minute song by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison.	Madame George	Van Morrison
performer	``Susannah's Still Alive'' is a song by the British rock group The Kinks, composed by their guitarist Dave Davies.	Susannah's Still Alive	Dave Davies
performer	My Fatal Kiss is a studio album by German Symphonic Metal band Krypteria, released on August 28, 2009.	My Fatal Kiss	Krypteria
performer	``The Chain'' is a song by the British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released on their best-selling album Rumours.	The Chain	Fleetwood Mac
performer	Brand New Eyes World Tour was a series of concert tours by the American alternative rock band Paramore, touring North America, Europe, Asia, Japan, Australia, United Kingdom, South America, New Zealand and other countries.	Brand New Eyes World Tour	Paramore
performer	Wicked Sensation is the debut album by American hard rock band Lynch Mob.	Wicked Sensation	Lynch Mob
performer	Garden of Love Light is the debut solo recording from noted R&B-soul-dance-pop songwriter/producer Narada Michael Walden.	Garden of Love Light	Narada Michael Walden
performer	Music to Gang Bang is the fifth and final studio album by American gangsta rap group, Compton's Most Wanted.	Music to Gang Bang	Compton's Most Wanted
performer	``Ain't No Way to Treat a Lady'' is the title of a 1975 top ten hit by Helen Reddy.	Ain't No Way to Treat a Lady	Helen Reddy
performer	Aloha Moon is the debut album by Magic Wands, released on April 24, 2012 under exclusive worldwide license to Bright Antenna Records.	Aloha Moon	Magic Wands
performer	MusiqInTheMagiq is the sixth studio album by the R&B singer, Musiq Soulchild.	MusiqInTheMagiq	Musiq Soulchild
performer	``Je m'appelle Bagdad'' is the second single to be released from Tina Arena's fifth studio album Un autre univers.	Je m'appelle Bagdad	Tina Arena
performer	Visible Wings (Chinese: 有形的翅膀; You Xing De Chi Bang) is the 7th album by Taiwanese Mandopop singer Angela Chang, the first under her new label Wonderful Music, released on October 12, 2012 in three formats:	Visible Wings	Angela Chang
performer	``Heroes of Our Time'' is a song by English power metal band DragonForce.	Heroes of Our Time	DragonForce
performer	Giant Step/De Ole Folks at Home is the third studio album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.	Giant Step/De Ole Folks at Home	Taj Mahal
performer	First Album Live is a live version of the self-titled first album by They Might Be Giants.	First Album Live	They Might Be Giants
performer	ForThemAsses is the second album by California band OPM, released on June 1, 2004.	ForThemAsses	OPM
performer	Voice of the Xtabay is the first studio album by Peruvian soprano Yma Sumac.	Voice of the Xtabay	Yma Sumac
performer	Contakt is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian urban music duo Madcon.	Contakt	Madcon
performer	Falling Home is the fifth solo album from the singer/songwriter Jude Cole.	Falling Home	Jude Cole
performer	``Walked Outta Heaven'' is the second single released by R&B group Jagged Edge from their fourth studio album Hard.	Walked Outta Heaven	Jagged Edge
performer	``Breakin' My Heart (Pretty Brown Eyes)'' is a song performed by Mint Condition, issued as the second single from their debut album Meant to Be Mint.	Breakin' My Heart (Pretty Brown Eyes)	Mint Condition
performer	The Doobie Brothers remade ``Take Me in Your Arms'' for their 1975 Stampede album.	Take Me in Your Arms	The Doobie Brothers
performer	Darkness and Hope is the fifth studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band, Moonspell, released in 2001.	Darkness and Hope	Moonspell
performer	``The Dope Show'' is a song from Marilyn Manson's 1998 album Mechanical Animals, released in September of that year as the album's lead single.	The Dope Show	Marilyn Manson
performer	``I'm Jealous'' is a song by Australian rock duo Divinyls, released in 1995 as the lead single from their fifth studio album Underworld.	I'm Jealous	Divinyls
performer	Gang Again is the second studio album recorded by Australian band Gang Gajang.	Gang Again	Gang Gajang
performer	After Sics is the compilation album from rappers Lord Infamous and II Tone.	After Sics	Lord Infamous
place of birth	Jiang Pengxiang (simplified Chinese: 姜鹏翔; traditional Chinese: 姜鵬翔; pinyin: Jiāng Péngxiáng; born February 9, 1981, in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player.	Jiang Pengxiang	Shenyang
place of birth	DJ Felli Fel was born in Rock Hill, South Carolina and grew up in Atlanta, Los Angeles, and Dallas.	DJ Felli Fel	Rock Hill
place of birth	Felice Varini (born in Locarno in 1952) is a Paris-based, Swiss artist who was nominated for the 2000/2001 Marcel Duchamp Prize.	Felice Varini	Locarno
place of birth	Jody Stephens (born October 4, 1952 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American drummer, who has played in Big Star (with Alex Chilton of the Box Tops) and Golden Smog (with members of the Jayhawks and Soul Asylum).	Jody Stephens	Memphis
place of birth	Hardwick was born in Rylstone, New South Wales, the son of Rebecca (née White) and John William Hardwick (1826 - 1891).	William Hardwick	Rylstone, New South Wales
place of birth	Minyon Moore (born May 16, 1958 in Chicago, Illinois) is a founder of Women Building for the Future, and heads Dewey Square Group's state and local practice.	Minyon Moore	Chicago
place of birth	Tancredi Palamara (born in Milan, August 28, 1968), known professionally as Tank Palamara, is an Italian rock guitarist.	Tank Palamara	Milan
place of birth	Gabriel Bucelin (also Gabriel Buzlin, Gabriel Bincelint, or Gabriel Bucelinus) (29 December 1599, Diessenhofen, Thurgau -- 9 June 1681, Weingarten) was a Benedictine polymath, Humanist, historical writer and cartographer.	Gabriel Bucelin	Diessenhofen
place of birth	Eric Frey (born 1963, in Vienna) is an Austrian publicist and political scientist.	Eric Frey	Vienna
place of birth	Julia Bulette, whose real name was Jule, was born in 1832 in London, England of French ancestry, although some historians give her birthplace as Liverpool or Mississippi.	Julia Bulette	London
place of birth	Luke Mockridge (born 21 March 1989 in Bonn, Germany) is a Canadian-Italian comedian and author in Germany.	Luke Mockridge	Bonn
place of birth	Marta Randall (born 1948 in Mexico City) is a science fiction writer.	Marta Randall	Mexico City
place of birth	Bruno Meyer (born 1938 in Schaffhausen) is a Swiss religious leader, founder of the Menorah church (Evangeliumsgemeinde Menorah ``evangelical congregation Menorah''), a small fundamentalist Christian, evangelicalist congregation based in Wetzikon, canton of Zürich.	Bruno Meyer	Schaffhausen
place of birth	Richard Oelze (June 29, 1900 in Magdeburg -- November 26, 1980 in Gut Posteholz near Hameln) was a German painter.	Richard Oelze	Magdeburg
place of birth	Philipp Scheidemann was born in Kassel on 26 July 1865, the son of Friedrich Scheidemann (1842--79) an upholsterer, and his wife Wilhelmine (née Pape; 1842-1907).	Philipp Scheidemann	Kassel
place of birth	Yves Rocher was born in the village of La Gacilly, Morbihan, where he grew up.	Yves Rocher	La Gacilly
place of birth	Born in 1961 in Incheon, Yim Soon-rye graduated from Hanyang University in 1985 with a B.A. in English Literature and an M.A. in Theater and Film.	Yim Soon-rye	Incheon
place of birth	Theodor Friedrich von Schubert (1789--1865) was born in Saint Petersburg as the son of astronomer Theodor von Schubert.	Theodor Friedrich von Schubert	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Leo Beenhakker (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈleːjoː ˈbeːnɦɑkər); born 2 August 1942 in Rotterdam, South Holland) is an international Dutch football coach.	Leo Beenhakker	Rotterdam
place of birth	Ulbrickson was born in Seattle, and was the son of the famed University of Washington rowing coach of the same name, Al Ulbrickson.	Al Ulbrickson	Seattle
place of birth	Lucas Mario Horvat (born 13 October 1985 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine-born Slovenian footballer, currently playing for Slovenian club Domžale.	Lucas Mario Horvat	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Tricia Wright (born 1 September 1958 in Epping) is an English darts player from Mitcham in Surrey.	Tricia Wright	Epping
place of birth	Father Edward McGlynn (September 27, 1837 -- January 7, 1900), American Roman Catholic priest and social reformer, was born in New York City of Irish parents.	Edward McGlynn	New York City
place of birth	Anatoly Kudryavitsky (Russian: Анатолий Исаевич Кудрявицкий; born 17 August 1954 in Moscow) is a Russian-Irish novelist, poet and literary translator.	Anatoly Kudryavitsky	Moscow
place of birth	Omar Hilale (Arabic: عمر هلال‎; born 1 January 1951 in Agadir) is a Moroccan career diplomat.	Omar Hilale	Agadir
place of birth	Porter Edward Sargent (June 6, 1872 -- March 27, 1951), born in Brooklyn, New York, was a prominent educational critic and founder of Porter Sargent Publishers in Boston in 1915.	Porter Sargent	Brooklyn
place of birth	Ray Dennis Steckler was born in Reading, Pennsylvania where his grandmother, who largely raised him, nurtured his love of movies.	Ray Dennis Steckler	Reading
place of birth	The painter Fendry Ekel (born 1971, Jakarta) is based in Berlin and Yogyakarta.	Fendry Ekel	Jakarta
place of birth	Dominique Perras is a retired Canadian professional cyclist born in Napierville, Quebec.	Dominique Perras	Napierville
place of birth	Cristiano da Silva Santos or simply Cristiano (born May 16, 1987 in Pedro Leopoldo-MG), is a Brazilian striker.	Cristiano da Silva Santos	Pedro Leopoldo
place of birth	Karl Nikolas Fraas (8 September 1810 -- 9 November 1875), German botanist and agriculturist, was born at Rattelsdorf, near Bamberg.	Karl Nikolas Fraas	Rattelsdorf
place of birth	Duncan Chow (Chinese: 周群達; born Duncan Lai (黎登勤), September 19, 1978) is a Hong Kong-born actor who is popular in Taiwan.	Duncan Chow	Hong Kong
place of birth	Heiko Schwarz (born 23 August 1989 in Cottbus) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent.	Heiko Schwarz	Cottbus
place of birth	Ursula Wertheim was born in Nowawes, a township a short distance to the east of Potsdam in central Germany.	Ursula Wertheim	Nowawes
place of birth	Born in Tbilisi, Maia Panjikidze is the daughter of the writer Guram Panjikidze.	Maia Panjikidze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Tim Bowens was born and grew up in Okolona, Mississippi, one of two county seats in rural Chickasaw County.	Tim Bowens	Okolona, Mississippi
place of birth	Theodore Meliteniotes (Greek: Θεόδωρος Μελιτηνιώτης; Constantinople, c. 1320 - 8 March 1393) was a Byzantine Greek astronomer, a sakellarios (treasurer) in the Byzantine bureaucracy, a supporter of Gregory Palamas and an opponent of the reunion with the Catholic Church.	Theodore Meliteniotes	Constantinople
place of birth	Noah Starr is originally from Camden, Maine, USA.	Noah Starr	Camden
place of birth	Martin Miriata is an I-Kiribati footballer who plays as a Striker for current champions Makin football club.	Martin Miriata	Kiribati
place of birth	Ernesto Ueltschi died in Buenos Aires, where he resided, on July 6, 2014, at the age of 92.	Ernesto Ueltschi	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Doutzen Kroes was born on 23 January 1985 in the village of Eastermar (Dutch: Oostermeer) with approximately 1,600 inhabitants, in the province of Friesland, Netherlands, to a Frisian family.	Doutzen Kroes	Eastermar
place of birth	Lynda Suzanne Robinson (born July 6, 1951 in Amarillo, Texas) is an American writer, author of romance (under the name Suzanne Robinson) and mystery novels (under the name Lynda S. Robinson).	Lynda Suzanne Robinson	Amarillo
place of birth	Milton Thiago de Mello (born on February 5, 1916, in Rio de Janeiro) is the dean of Brazilian primatology.	Milton Thiago de Mello	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	John Dahl was born in Billings, Montana, the second of four children (his brother is filmmaker Rick Dahl).	John Dahl	Billings
place of birth	Frankie hi-nrg mc, born Francesco Di Gesù (Turin, 18 July 1969), is an Italian rapper of Sicilian origin.	Frankie hi-nrg mc	Turin
place of birth	Tommy Allison (1875 in Edinburgh -- 4 March 1961) was a Scottish footballer who played for Reading and West Ham United.	Tommy Allison	Edinburgh
place of birth	Niccolò Pandolfini was born in Florence in 1440, the son of Giannozzo Pandolfini and Giovanna Valori, who were Florentine patricians.	Niccolò Pandolfini	Florence
place of birth	Bob Burden (Buffalo, New York, 1952 ) is an American comic book artist and writer, best known as the creator of Flaming Carrot Comics and the Mystery Men.	Bob Burden	Buffalo
place of birth	Frank Lloyd Wright was born Frank Lincoln Wright in the farming town of Richland Center, Wisconsin, United States, in 1867.	Frank Lloyd Wright	Richland Center
place of birth	Jennifer Greene is one of the pseudonyms for Jill Alison Hart (born in Michigan, United States).	Jennifer Greene	Michigan
place of birth	William Eustis was born on June 10, 1753 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, to Benjamin Eustis, a prominent Boston doctor, and Elizabeth (Hill) Eustis.	William Eustis	Cambridge
place of birth	Johannes Bell was born on 23 September 1868 in Essen in what was then the Rhine Province of Prussia, as the son of Josef Bell, an engineer, and his wife Josefine (née Steuer).	Johannes Bell	Essen
place of birth	Andrea Ridolfi (born 4 August 1963 in Rome) is an Italian musician, composer and orchestra director.	Andrea Ridolfi	Rome
place of birth	Chris Jury (born 28 September 1956 in Coventry, Warwickshire) is an English actor/writer/director with a range of television credits.	Chris Jury	Coventry
place of birth	Jaidev Kumar (Hindi: जयदेव कुमार) is an Indian musician and producer, who was born in Delhi but who moved to Mumbai in 2000.	Jaidev Kumar	Delhi
place of birth	Eric Emm (b. Eric M. Topolsky, 1975, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a rock bassist and guitarist.	Eric Emm	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Kathrin Beck (born March 8, 1966 in Vienna) was an Austrian ice dancer.	Kathrin Beck	Vienna
place of birth	Deanne Angelica Barcellano Alipio better known by her screen name Angelica Barcelo (born March 7, 1996 in Quezon City) is a theatrical actress of Mandaluyong Artist Center.	Angelica Barcelo	Quezon City
place of birth	Charles Boxton (April 24, 1860 in Shasta County, California -- August 29, 1927 in San Mateo, California) served as the 27th mayor of San Francisco from July 9 to July 16, 1907.	Charles Boxton	Shasta County
place of birth	Philippe Entremont was born in Reims to musical parents, his mother being a Grand Prix pianist and his father an operatic conductor.	Philippe Entremont	Reims
place of birth	Fred LeRoy Granville was born in Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia, in 1896, and educated in New Zealand.	Fred LeRoy Granville	Warrnambool
place of birth	Richard Lippold (May 3, 1915 Milwaukee, Wisconsin -- August 22, 2002) was an American sculptor, known for his geometric constructions using wire as a medium.	Richard Lippold	Milwaukee
place of birth	Mischa Maisky (Latvian: Miša Maiskis, Hebrew: מישה מייסקי‎; born January 10, 1948 in Riga) is a Latvian-born Israeli cellist.	Mischa Maisky	Riga
place of birth	In the late 1970s, Don Dokken was playing in a Los Angeles-based band called Airborn, and had the opportunity to reach a record deal in Germany.	Don Dokken	Los Angeles
place of birth	Robert Arthur Morton Stern, usually credited as Robert A. M. Stern (born May 23, 1939), is a New York City and New Haven based American architect, professor, and academic writer.	Robert A. M. Stern	New York City
place of birth	Giovanni Cobolli Gigli (born 4 January 1945 in Albese con Cassano) is an Italian lawyer and the former president of Juventus Football Club.	Giovanni Cobolli Gigli	Albese con Cassano
place of birth	Brenno de Winter (born 6 December 1971 in Ede) is a Dutch ICT and investigative journalist.	Brenno de Winter	Ede
place of birth	Archibald Matthias Dunn FRIBA, JP, (1832 -- 17 January 1917) born in Wylam in Northumberland, was with his partner Edward Joseph Hansom, among the foremost Catholic architects in North East England during the Victorian era.	Archibald Matthias Dunn	Wylam
place of birth	Renae Jacobs was born February 1, 1957 in Lansing, Michigan, moving to Los Angeles in the early 1980s to pursue a career as a voice actress.	Renae Jacobs	Lansing
place of birth	Hélie Marie Auguste Jacques Bertrand Philippe de Noailles, 10th Duke of Noailles (born 16 July 1943, Boulogne-Billancourt), simply known as Hélie de Noailles, is a French nobleman, diplomat and trade representative.	Hélie de Noailles	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of birth	Olga Odanović Petrović (Celje, 29 August 1958) is a Serbian theater and film actress.	Olga Odanović	Celje
place of birth	Agneta Lindskog (born April 25, 1953 in Stockholm) is a Swedish luger who competed during the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Agneta Lindskog	Stockholm
place of birth	Joana Machado (born Joana Machado Neves on November 13, 1980 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian personal trainer, photographic model and reality television personality, best known for being the winner of the fourth season of the Brazilian version of The Farm.	Joana Machado	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Joseph Thomas Lee, better known by his stage name Deadlee, is an American rapper and songwriter based in Los Angeles, California.	Deadlee	Los Angeles
place of birth	Miguel Asín Palacios was born in Zaragoza, Aragón, on July 5, 1871, into the modest commercial family of Don Pablo Asín and Doña Filomena Palacios.	Miguel Asín Palacios	Zaragoza
place of birth	Michael Sharrett was born in Ventura, California, a city located in Southern California approximately 30 miles from Los Angeles.	Michael Sharrett	Ventura
place of birth	Aleksei Igorevich Ivaschenko (Russian: Алексей Игоревич Иващенко, born May 12, 1958 in Moscow) and Georgii Leonardovich Vasilyev (Russian: Георгий Леонардович Васильев, born June 22, 1957 in Zaporizhia, Ukraine) are a Soviet/Russian bard duo, informally known as Ivasi.	Ivasi	Moscow
place of birth	Liu Jindong (simplified Chinese: 刘金东; traditional Chinese: 劉金東; pinyin: Líu Jīndōng) (December 9, 1981 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a former Chinese international football player who played as a versatile player capable of playing in defense or midfield.	Liu Jindong	Qingdao
place of birth	Born in Prijepolje, SR Serbia, Muhamed Preljević started his career in Yugoslavia where, after playing with FK Bor in the Second League, he joined NK Dinamo Zagreb in 1987 and played with them in the Yugoslav First League until 1991.	Muhamed Preljević	Prijepolje
place of birth	Ibrahima Koné (born 26 July 1969 in Adjamé) is a former Ivorian Midfielder.	Ibrahima Koné	Adjamé
place of birth	Johann von der Leyen was born in Saffig in 1510, the son of Bartholomäus von der Leyen, chancellor of the Archbishopric of Cologne, and his wife Katharina von Pallandt.	Johann von der Leyen	Saffig
place of birth	Grant Shaud was born in Evanston, Illinois, the son of Ann Barbara (née Dougherty) and Edward Shaud, Jr. His family was Irish Catholic.	Grant Shaud	Evanston
place of birth	Jukka Ylipulli (born 6 February 1963 in Rovaniemi) is a Finnish former nordic combined skier who competed during the 1980s and early 1990s.	Jukka Ylipulli	Rovaniemi
place of birth	Andrea Duran (born April 12, 1984) is an American softball player from Selma, California.	Andrea Duran	Selma
place of birth	Sıla Şahin (born 3 December 1985 in Spandau, Berlin) is a Turkish-German actress, best known for her portrayal of Ayla Özgül in the German soap opera Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten.	Sıla Şahin	Spandau
place of birth	Kunal Shah was born as Kunal to Dilip Shah and Bindu on 21 August1976 in Mumbai, Maharashtra as the second oldest of 3 siblings.	Kunal Shah	Mumbai
place of birth	John John Jesse is an illustrative painter from New York City's Lower East Side in the Juxtapoz gonzo-pop vein.	John John Jesse	New York City
place of birth	Leon Panetta was born in Monterey, California, the son of Carmelina Maria and Carmelo Frank Panetta, Italian immigrants from Siderno in Calabria who owned 7 restaurants in the Monterey area.	Leon Panetta	Monterey
place of birth	Gustav Gärtner (September 28, 1855 -- November 4, 1937) was an Austrian pathologist born in Pardubice, Bohemia.	Gustav Gärtner	Pardubice
place of birth	Terry Pluto (born June 12, 1955) is an American sportswriter, newspaper columnist, and author who primarily writes columns for The Plain Dealer, and formerly for the Akron Beacon Journal about Cleveland, Ohio sports and religion.	Terry Pluto	Cleveland
place of birth	Norma I. Quintana (born in Cleveland, Ohio, 1954) is an American photographer and educator working in the tradition of social documentary.	Norma I. Quintana	Cleveland
place of birth	Giovanni Battista Lamperti was born in 1839 in Milan to Italian singing teacher Francesco Lamperti.	Giovanni Battista Lamperti	Milan
place of birth	Norah Beare (born 25 May 1946, Banbridge, County Down, Northern Ireland) was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for Lagan Valley.	Norah Beare	Banbridge
place of birth	Per Stig Møller (Danish pronunciation: (pʰeɐ̯ sd̥i ˈmølɐ), informal: Per Stig; born August 27, 1942 in Frederiksberg) is a Danish politician.	Per Stig Møller	Frederiksberg
place of birth	Victor Ostrovsky was born in Edmonton, Alberta on November 28, 1949, and moved to Israel at the age of five.	Victor Ostrovsky	Edmonton
place of birth	Mike Seamon (August 30, 1988 in Rahway, New Jersey) is an American soccer player.	Mike Seamon	Rahway
place of birth	Patrick Defossez (born 7 August 1959 at Valenciennes, France) is a Belgian composer, pianist and improviser of contemporary classical music.	Patrick Defossez	Valenciennes
place of birth	Peyman Keshavarz (Persian: پیمان کشاورز‎, born 3 March 1996 in Shabestar, East Azerbaijan) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Tractor Sazi.	Peyman Keshavarz	Shabestar
place of birth	Yazid Sabeg (born 8 January 1950 in Guelma, Algeria), is the president of the administrative council of the French high-technology firm CS Communication and Systems and also a member of the French Institute of International and Strategic Relations.	Yazid Sabeg	Guelma
place of birth	Dennis Dunaway (born December 9, 1946 in Cottage Grove, Oregon) is an American musician, best known as the original bass guitarist for Alice Cooper from 1969--1974.	Dennis Dunaway	Cottage Grove
place of birth	Jessie Van Roechoudt is a professional skateboarder from Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.	Jessie Van Roechoudt	Kelowna
place of birth	Marvin Angarita Reyes, is a Colombian cyclist born on April 11, 1989 in Barrancabermeja, Santander.	Marvin Angarita	Barrancabermeja
place of birth	Jim Molyneux (born in Port Sunlight) was an English footballer who played for Stockport County and Chelsea.	Jim Molyneux	Port Sunlight
place of birth	Born in Duisburg, he was the fourth of eight children born to the miner Wilhelm Lehmbruck and his wife Margaretha.	Wilhelm Lehmbruck	Duisburg
place of birth	Netanel Ben Simon, (Hebrew: נתנאל בן סימון‎; born 26 May 1992 in Acre) is an Israeli footballer.	Netanel Ben Simon	Acre
place of birth	John Barnard (born 4 May 1946, Wembley, London) is a race car designer and is working with Terence Woodgate designing high specification carbon fibre furniture.	John Barnard	London
place of birth	Born in Mairena del Alcor, Seville, Jozabed finished his formation in Sevilla FC's youth ranks, and made his senior debuts in 2010--11 with the C-team.	Jozabed	Mairena del Alcor
place of birth	Born in São Paulo, Jean Mota began his career on Portuguesa, and made his debut on 21 March 2012, against Cuiabá, for the season's Copa do Brasil.	Jean Mota	São Paulo
place of birth	Ruslan Yamadayev belonged to the Gudermes-based Chechen Benoi teip.	Ruslan Yamadayev	Gudermes
place of birth	Eugen von Bamberger (5 September 1858 - October 1921) was an Austrian internist born in Würzburg, Germany.	Eugen von Bamberger	Würzburg
place of birth	Anne Helene Gjelstad (9 May 1956 in Oslo) is a Norwegian photographer and fashion designer.	Anne Helene Gjelstad	Oslo
place of birth	Jean Baptiste Paulin Trolard (27 November 1842, Sedan, Ardennes -- 13 April 1910) was an anatomist known for his work on the anastomotic veins of the cerebral circulation.	Jean Baptiste Paulin Trolard	Sedan
place of birth	Siraj Wahhaj (born Jeffrey Kearse, March 11, 1950) is an African-American imam of Al-Taqwa mosque in Brooklyn, New York and the leader of The Muslim Alliance in North America (MANA).	Siraj Wahhaj	Brooklyn
place of birth	Walter A. Brown (February 10, 1905 -- September 7, 1964) was the founder and original owner of the Boston Celtics as well as an important figure in the development of ice hockey in the United States.	Walter A. Brown	Boston
place of birth	Mirra Alfassa was born in Paris in 1878, of a Turkish Jewish father, Moïse Maurice Alfassa (5 July 1843 - 13 September 1918), and an Egyptian Jewish mother, Mathilde Ismalun (26 August 1857 - 9 December 1944).	Mirra Alfassa	Paris
place of birth	Alireza Mansourian (Persian: علیرضا منصوریان‎‎, born 2 December 1971 in Tehran) is an Iranian football coach and retired player.	Alireza Mansourian	Tehran
place of birth	Peter Bartram (4 May 1961 in Aarhus) is a Danish general.	Peter Bartram	Aarhus
place of birth	Ivan Žužek (2 December 1924, Ljubljana -- 2 February 2004, Rome), was a Slovenian Jesuit priest and Canonist.	Ivan Žužek	Ljubljana
place of birth	Claus Hinrich Casdorff (August 6, 1925 in Hamburg -- February 6, 2004) was a German journalist.	Claus Hinrich Casdorff	Hamburg
place of birth	Huck Hodge (born 1977, Gainesville, FL) is an American composer of contemporary classical music.	Huck Hodge	Gainesville
place of birth	Born in Queens, New York, Jennifer Rush spent her childhood in New York City, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, and in Seattle, Washington with her father, who was then a professor at the University of Washington.	Jennifer Rush	Queens
place of birth	Z. G. Muhammad is a columnist born in Nowhatta, Srinagar, Kashmir, India.	Z. G. Muhammad	Nowhatta
place of birth	Lisa Zimmermann (born March 2, 1996 in Nuremberg) is a German freestyle skier.	Lisa Zimmermann	Nuremberg
place of birth	Tuan Vo-Dinh (Vietnamese: Võ Đình Tuấn) (Nha Trang, 11 April 1948) is R. Eugene and Susie E. Goodson Professor of Biomedical Engineering, Professor of Chemistry, and Director of the Fitzpatrick Institute for Photonics of Duke University.	Tuan Vo-Dinh	Nha Trang
place of birth	Born in Gap, Chantal Lauby spent her childhood in Auvergne, between Auzon and Clermont-Ferrand.	Chantal Lauby	Gap
place of birth	Daniel Pfister (born December 7, 1986 in Schwaz) is an Austrian luger who has competed since 2003.	Daniel Pfister	Schwaz
place of birth	Bernd Stelter (born 19 April 1961 in Unna) is a German comedian, writer and television presenter.	Bernd Stelter	Unna
place of birth	Antonio Tabucchi was born in Pisa but grew up at his maternal grandparents' home in Vecchiano, a nearby village.	Antonio Tabucchi	Pisa
place of birth	Günther Landgraf was born in Kryry, in Bohemia (now Czech Republic).	Günther Landgraf	Kryry
place of birth	M. D. Rajendran was born at Ponkunnam of Kottayam district, Kerala.	M. D. Rajendran	Ponkunnam
place of birth	Natacha Peyre Requena (born 26 March 1985, Ibiza, Spain) is a Swedish actress, singer, and glamour model.	Natacha Peyre	Ibiza
place of birth	Christine Feehan (b. Christine King in California) is an American romance-paranormal writer.	Christine Feehan	California
place of birth	Lacy Rose (born March 4, 1969 in Laguna Beach, California) is a former pornographic actress who appeared in over 150 films between 1992 and 1997.	Lacy Rose	Laguna Beach
place of birth	Alain Planès (Lyon, 20 January 1948) is a French pianist.	Alain Planès	Lyon
place of birth	Stephen Bocskay was born in Kolozsvár (today: Cluj-Napoca) to the Bocskay family as the son of György Bocskay and Krisztina Sulyok, and spent most of his childhood in Prague and Vienna where he served as an apprentice in the Habsburg chancellery.	Stephen Bocskay	Cluj-Napoca
place of birth	Raymond Crotty grew up in Kilkenny town.	Raymond Crotty	Kilkenny
place of birth	Gerald Teschl (born May 12, 1970 in Graz) is an Austrian mathematical physicist and Professor of Mathematics.	Gerald Teschl	Graz
place of birth	Although born in Vienna, Erwin Axer spent most of his early years in Lwów (modern Lviv, Ukraine).	Erwin Axer	Vienna
place of birth	Roberto Sorrentino (born 14 August 1955 in Naples) is an Italian retired footballer who played as a Goalkeeper, most recently manager of Albanian Superliga club Teuta Durrës.	Roberto Sorrentino	Naples
place of birth	Prem Chopra, the third of six children of Ranbirlal and Rooprani Chopra, a Punjabi Hindu family, was born on 23 September 1935, in Lahore.	Prem Chopra	Lahore
place of birth	Mohamed Sesay (born February 22, 1984 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer, who currently plays for Kallon F.C..	Mohamed Sesay	Freetown
place of birth	Eiling Kramer was born in 1914, the son of Minne Dowe Kramer and Jacobina Kopinga, in Highworth, Saskatchewan in the North Battleford district.	Eiling Kramer	North Battleford
place of birth	Marcus Lakee Edwards (born March 29, 1976), better known by his stage name Lil' Keke, is an American hip hop recording artist from Houston, Texas and original member of the Southern hip hop collective Screwed Up Click.	Lil' Keke	Houston
place of birth	De La Beckwith was born in Colusa, California, the son of Susan Southworth Yerger and Byron De La Beckwith, Sr., who was the town's postmaster.	Byron De La Beckwith	Colusa
place of birth	Rick Jason (May 21, 1923 -- October 16, 2000), born Richard Jacobson, was an American actor, born in New York City, and most remembered for his role as 2nd Lt. Gil Hanley in the ABC television drama Combat! (1962--1967).	Rick Jason	New York City
place of birth	Michael Shrieve (born July 6, 1949, in San Francisco) is an American drummer, percussionist, and later, an electronic music composer.	Michael Shrieve	San Francisco
place of birth	Beverly Matherne (born March 15, 1946 in Louisiana) is an American writer and poet.	Beverly Matherne	Louisiana
place of birth	Fabrizio Grillo (born 2 February 1987 in Rome) is an Italian footballer who plays for Pavia in Lega Pro. He is a left back but can also play as a left winger.	Fabrizio Grillo	Rome
place of birth	Christian Nikolaus Eberlein (1720--1788), a German historical painter, was born at Rudolstadt in 1720.	Christian Nikolaus Eberlein	Rudolstadt
place of birth	Mark Lawrenson was born in Penwortham and attended Preston Catholic College, a Jesuit school.	Mark Lawrenson	Preston
place of birth	Mohamed Tahar Fergani born 9 May 1928 in Constantine, is an Algerian singer, violinist and composer, nicknamed the Nightingale of Constantine.	Mohamed Tahar Fergani	Constantine
place of birth	Joshua Caleb Norkus (born March 14, 1979 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American soccer player who currently plays for the National Premier Soccer League club Puerto Rico Bayamón.	Caleb Norkus	Raleigh
place of birth	Wesley Tuttle (born December 30, 1917 in Lamar, Colorado; died September 29, 2003) was an American country music singer.	Wesley Tuttle	Lamar
place of birth	Clifton Brown (born August 29, 1976) is a retired Canadian Light Heavyweight Muay Thai Kickboxer of Jamaican descent, who fought out of Toronto, Ontario.	Clifton Brown	Toronto
place of birth	John Robert Gregg was born in Shantonagh, Ireland, as the youngest child of Robert and Margaret Gregg, where they remained until 1872, when they moved to Rockcorry, County Monaghan.	John Robert Gregg	County Monaghan
place of birth	Mona Barthel was born in Bad Segeberg to Wolfgang Barthel, who won the shot put event at the 1970 European Junior Athletics Championships in Paris, and Dr. Hannelore.	Mona Barthel	Bad Segeberg
place of birth	Alois Vogl (born September 15, 1972 in Neukirchen beim Heiligen Blut) is a German alpine skier.	Alois Vogl	Neukirchen beim Heiligen Blut
place of birth	Díaz de León was born in the Triana neighborhood in the city of Aguascalientes, the son of Francisco Díaz de León and Ignacia Medina.	Francisco Díaz de León	Aguascalientes
place of birth	Petur Alberg (1885 -- 1940), Faroese violin player and songwriter from Tórshavn.	Petur Alberg	Tórshavn
place of birth	Zlatko Zebić (Serbian Cyrillic: Злaткo Зeбић, born January 8, 1979 in Loznica) is a Serbian football player.	Zlatko Zebić	Loznica
place of birth	Edgar Kail was born in Camberwell, London on 26 November 1900 to James Walker Issac Kail, a post office sorter and Rosa Mary Kail (née Yells).	Edgar Kail	London
place of birth	Sonya Balmores is an American actress, model, and surfer from Kalaheo, Hawaii who also competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant.	Sonya Balmores	Kalaheo
place of birth	Jennifer Galais (born March 7 1992 in Lyon) Is a French athlete, specialising in the sprints.	Jennifer Galais	Lyon
place of birth	Jon Olav Hjelde (born 30 April 1972 in Verdal) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a central defender.	Jon Olav Hjelde	Verdal
place of birth	Van der Kallen was born in Leeuwarden and, under the pen-name of Havank, published over 30 crime-novels and stories, with as principal characters French police officers Bruno Silvère and Charles C.M. Carlier (the latter better known as De Schaduw, ``the Shadow'').	Havank	Leeuwarden
place of birth	Mordecai Manuel Noah (July 14, 1785, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- May 22, 1851, New York) was an American playwright, diplomat, journalist, and utopian.	Mordecai Manuel Noah	Philadelphia
place of birth	Henry Coppée was born in Savannah, Georgia, to a family of French extraction that had formerly settled in Haiti.	Henry Coppée	Savannah
place of birth	John Carradine was born in the Greenwich Village section of the Manhattan borough of New York City, son of William Reed Carradine, a correspondent for the Associated Press, and his wife Dr. Genevieve Winnifred Richmond, a surgeon.	John Carradine	New York City
place of birth	Johannes Hörnig was born into a working-class family in Leppersdorf a small village between Dresden and Bautzen.	Johannes Hörnig	Leppersdorf
place of birth	Asa Drury was born July 26, 1801 in Athol, Massachusetts as the fifth of eleven children of Joel Drury and Ruth (Hill) Drury.	Asa Drury	Athol
place of birth	Carlos Enrique Saucedo Urgel (born 11 September 1979 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra), commonly known as Carlos Saucedo, is a Bolivian footballer, who plays as a striker in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano for club Blooming and the Bolivian national team.	Carlos Saucedo	Santa Cruz
place of birth	Kenneth Carllile was born April 2, 1931 in St. Louis, Missouri and grew up on his impoverished father's tenant farm in Harrisburg, Illinois.	Kenneth Carllile	St. Louis
place of birth	Eugene Casserly was born on November 13, 1820, in Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland, and immigrated to the United States with his parents in 1822, settling in New York.	Eugene Casserly	Mullingar
place of birth	Anna Gunn was born in Santa Fe, New Mexico, to Shana, an interior designer, and Clem, who worked in real estate.	Anna Gunn	Santa Fe
place of birth	Hüseyin Sermet (born in Istanbul, 1955) is a Turkish pianist and composer.	Hüseyin Sermet	Istanbul
place of birth	Wang Erzhuo (simplified Chinese: 王尔卓; traditional Chinese: 王爾卓; Pinyin: Wáng Ěrzhuō) (born February 5, 1987 in Xi'an, Shaanxi) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Beijing BIT in the China League One.	Wang Erzhuo	Xi'an
place of birth	William James Sidis was born to Jewish Ukrainian immigrants on April 1, 1898, in New York City.	William James Sidis	New York City
place of birth	Call Cobbs, Jr. (also billed as Call Cobbs Jr. and Call Cobbs) (1910 or 1911, in Springfield, Ohio -- September 21, 1971) was an American jazz pianist, electric harpsichordist, and organist.	Call Cobbs, Jr.	Springfield
place of birth	James Pinnock is an English soccer player from Dartford, Kent.	James Pinnock	Dartford
place of birth	Donald Adams was born in Bristol and educated at the Bristol Cathedral School, where he sang as a chorister in the cathedral and played Thomas Becket in Murder in the Cathedral at the age of sixteen.	Donald Adams	Bristol
place of birth	Stephen Geller (b. Los Angeles, California) is an American screenwriter and novelist.	Stephen Geller	Los Angeles
place of birth	Anastasia Lazariuc (born 6 July 1953 Băcioi, Chișinău, Moldova) is a singer.	Anastasia Lazariuc	Chișinău
place of birth	Simone Borgheresi (born 1 August 1968 in Greve in Chianti) is a former Italian racing cyclist.	Simone Borgheresi	Greve in Chianti
place of birth	Biserka Jevtimijević Drinjaković (b. 1969 in Kosovska Mitrovica) is the current director of the supervisory board of the Serbian national oil company NIS.	Biserka Jevtimijević Drinjaković	Mitrovica
place of birth	James Patrick Scullion also known as Pat Scullion (born 2 March 1986) in Dunfermline) is a professional Scottish football player, currently playing for Cowdenbeath.	Pat Scullion	Dunfermline
place of birth	Hovhannes Hakhverdyan was born in Saint Petersburg on 29 June 1873 in an Armenian noble family.	Hovhannes Hakhverdyan	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Corrina Hewat (born 21 December 1970, Edinburgh) is a Scottish harpist and composer who was awarded Music Tutor of the Year at Na Trads in 2013.	Corrina Hewat	Edinburgh
place of birth	Lucrezia Borgia was born at Subiaco, near Rome.	Lucrezia Borgia	Rome
place of birth	Arnold Östman, born on December 24, 1939 in Malmö, is a Swedish conductor and music director.	Arnold Östman	Malmö
place of birth	Mekonnen Gebremedhin Woldegiorg (born 11 October 1988 in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian middle distance runner, who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Mekonnen Gebremedhin	Addis Ababa
place of birth	Heri Martínez de Dios was born in Camagüey, Cuba and arrived in Puerto Rico, his second home, at the age of three.	Heri Martínez de Dios	Camagüey
place of birth	Louise Fishman (born 1939) is an American abstract painter from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Louise Fishman	Philadelphia
place of birth	Tamás Kásás (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtɒmaːʃ ˈkaːʃaːʃ); born July 20, 1976 in Budapest) is a retired Hungarian water polo player, with a height of 200 cm and a weight of 90 kg. Kásás is often described as the best defensive player of his era, if not the best overall.	Tamás Kásás	Budapest
place of birth	Ulf Hoelscher (born 17 January 1942 in Kitzingen) is a German violinist.	Ulf Hoelscher	Kitzingen
place of birth	Pope Benedict XI (Latin: Benedictus XI; 1240 -- 7 July 1304), born Nicola Boccasini, (Niccolò of Treviso) was Pope from 22 October 1303 to his death on 7 July, 1304.	Pope Benedict XI	Treviso
place of birth	Princess Angeline (c. 1820 -- May 31, 1896), also known in Lushootseed as Kikisoblu, Kick-is-om-lo, or Wewick, was the eldest daughter of Chief Seattle.	Princess Angeline	Seattle
place of birth	Maria Chiara Periotto (Ed.), Giovanna Daffini: il segno vitale del canto, Comune di Motteggiana 2001 Cesare Bermani (Ed.), Giovanna Daffini, l'amata genitrice, Comune di Gualtieri 1993 Serafino Prati, Giovanna Daffini cantastorie, Edizioni Libreria Rinascita 1975 Aldo Vitale, in:	Giovanna Daffini	Motteggiana
place of birth	In the Tehran derby on 1355-07-02 between Taj (now known as Esteghlal) and Persepolis FC, Hadi Naraghi scored a goal on the 26th minute to give Taj the lead.	Hadi Naraghi	Tehran
place of birth	Emanuele Formichetti (born 28 May 1983 in Rieti) is an Italian long jumper.	Emanuele Formichetti	Rieti
place of birth	Rozalie Hirs (Gouda, 7 April 1965) is a Dutch composer of contemporary classical music and a poet.	Rozalie Hirs	Gouda
place of birth	Pavel Kysilka (born 5 September 1958 in Boskovice) is a Czechoslovakian/Czech economist, who was head of the Central Bank of the Czech National Bank from 1997 to 1998.	Pavel Kysilka	Boskovice
place of birth	Timea Majorova (born October 2, 1974 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia) is an IFBB professional fitness competitor.	Timea Majorova	Bratislava
place of birth	Michael Chua is a film producer, film director and poet from Singapore.	Michael Chua	Singapore
place of birth	Benoît Sokal (born 28 June 1954 in Brussels) is a Belgian comic artist and video game developer, best known for his comics series Inspector Canardo.	Benoît Sokal	Brussels
place of birth	Edward Goldsmith (widely known as Teddy) was born in Paris in 1928 to a German Jewish father, Frank Goldsmith, and French mother, Marcelle Mouiller.	Edward Goldsmith	Paris
place of birth	Walter Leslie Handley (5 April 1902 -- 15 November 1941) born in Aston, Birmingham, known as Wal Handley, was a champion British inter-war motorcycle racer with four wins at the Isle of Man TT Races in his career.	Wal Handley	Birmingham
place of birth	Rosanna Carteri was born in Verona and raised in Padua.	Rosanna Carteri	Verona
place of birth	Sabine was born into a prominent Anglo-Irish family in Tewin, Hertfordshire, the eldest son of Joseph Sabine.	Joseph Sabine	Hertfordshire
place of birth	Born in Cherokee Nation, Oklahoma, Volney Davis's criminal career began in 1919 when he was sentenced to three years imprisonment for grand larceny at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary.	Volney Davis	Cherokee Nation
place of birth	Norman Bellingham (born December 23, 1964 in Fairfax, Virginia) is an American sprint canoer and Olympic champion who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.	Norman Bellingham	Fairfax
place of birth	Laurent Petitgirard (born 10 June 1950 in Paris) is a French classical composer and conductor.	Laurent Petitgirard	Paris
place of birth	Jérémy Obin (born 5 March 1993 in Lille) is a French football player who plays for and captains Belgian club White Star Bruxelles in the Belgian Second Division.	Jérémy Obin	Lille
place of birth	Born in Brooklyn, Felice Frankel attended Midwood High School and Brooklyn College of the City University of New York (CUNY), where she majored in biology.	Felice Frankel	Brooklyn
place of birth	Robert Dunkarton (1744--1811), a mezzotint engraver, was born in London in 1744.	Robert Dunkarton	London
place of birth	Josefino Cenizal (14 September 1919 -- 27 March 2015) was a Filipino composer, director and actor from Tanza, Cavite.	Josefino Cenizal	Tanza
place of birth	Émile Bravo was born in Paris in 1964 from Spanish parents (a Catalan father and a Valencian mother).	Émile Bravo	Paris
place of birth	Charmaine Yee 余嘉甄 (born 1 July 1987), also known as Yee Kah Yan Charmaine, is a Singapore Emcee/Host & Radio Announcer and contracted artiste under Kiss 92FM.	Charmaine Yee	Singapore
place of birth	Vincent Waller (born September 30, 1960) is a Texas-born writer, artist, animator, storyboard artist, and technical director.	Vincent Waller	Texas
place of birth	Omar Kent Dykes (born Kent Dykes Giggedy, 1950, McComb, Mississippi, United States) is an American blues guitarist and singer, living in Austin, Texas.	Omar Kent Dykes	McComb
place of birth	Born Bruno Cirino Pomicino in Naples, Cirino abandoned his studies in law to enroll the Silvio d’Amico Academy of Dramatic Arts in Rome.	Bruno Cirino	Naples
place of birth	Fodil Hadjadj (Arabic: فضيل حجاج‎; born April 18, 1983 in Bologhine, Alger) is an Algerian football player.	Fodil Hadjadj	Bologhine
place of birth	Jean François Aimé Théophile Philippe Gaudin or Jean François Aimée Gottlieb Philippe Gaudin (1766 in Longirod, canton de Vaud -- 1833) was a Swiss pastor, professor and botanist.	Jean François Aimé Théophile Philippe Gaudin	Longirod
place of birth	Arlette Chabot (born Chartres, 21 July 1951) is a prominent French journalist and political commentator.	Arlette Chabot	Chartres
place of birth	Hans-Karl Stepp was born on 2 September 1914 in Gießen as son to a University professor.	Hans-Karl Stepp	Gießen
place of birth	Mabel Fonseca Ramírez (born May 8, 1972 in Guantánamo, Cuba) is a retired amateur Puerto Rican freestyle wrestler, who competed in the women's lightweight category.	Mabel Fonseca	Guantánamo
place of birth	He was born in Belfast to farmer Hugh Langwell and Matilda McCully.	Hugh Langwell	Belfast
place of birth	Hrant Maloyan was born in Constantinople (today Istanbul) on 29 November 1896 to an Armenian Catholic family.	Hrant Maloyan	Constantinople
place of birth	Born in Palma, Majorca, Juanan played youth football for three clubs, including local RCD Mallorca from ages 17--18.	Juanan	Palma
place of birth	Born in La Tablada, Leandro Chaparro started his professional career in 2009, playing for San Lorenzo.	Leandro Chaparro	La Tablada
place of birth	Walter Brueggemann (born March 11, 1933 in Tilden, Nebraska) is an American Protestant Old Testament scholar and theologian.	Walter Brueggemann	Tilden
place of birth	Corey Bramlet (born January 17, 1983 in Wheatland, Wyoming) is a former American football quarterback.	Corey Bramlet	Wheatland, Wyoming
place of birth	Sven Haakanson, Jr. was born in Old Harbor, Alaska, a small-remote-island village, into the Alutiiq people.a His father, Sven Haakanson, Sr., was a community leader serving as the Mayor of Old Harbor and the president of the Old Harbor Tribal Council.	Sven Haakanson	Old Harbor
place of birth	Mike van Arsdale (born June 20, 1965, Waterloo, Iowa, United States) is an American former professional mixed martial artist who competed as Light Heavyweight.	Mike van Arsdale	Waterloo
place of birth	Takahashi Meijin (高橋名人, literally Master Takahashi), real name Toshiyuki Takahashi (高橋 利幸 Takahashi Toshiyuki, born May 23, 1959 in Sapporo, Hokkaidō) is a former executive of Hudson Soft.	Takahashi Meijin	Sapporo
place of birth	Isabelle Aboulker was born on 23 October 1938 in the Parisian suburb of Boulogne-Billancourt.	Isabelle Aboulker	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of birth	Samantha Davies (born 23 August 1974 in Portsmouth) is a British yachtswoman.	Samantha Davies	Portsmouth
place of birth	Tiffany Mynx (born October 10, 1971 in Upland, California) is an American pornographic actress and film director.	Tiffany Mynx	Upland
place of birth	Michael Bordt SJ (born 28 April 1960 in Hamburg) is a German philosopher and academic.	Michael Bordt	Hamburg
place of birth	Bruce Margolin was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and moved to Los Angeles, California as a young child.	Bruce Margolin	Cleveland
place of birth	Andrew Blackman (born 2 August 1965 in Brisbane) is an Australian actor and theatre director.	Andrew Blackman	Brisbane
place of birth	Simon Travis (born 22 March 1977 in Preston) is an English footballer who plays for Brackley Town.	Simon Travis	Preston
place of birth	Goran Stanić or Stanik (Macedonian: Горан Станиќ) (born 8 September 1972 in Skopje) is a Serbian-born Macedonian retired professional footballer.	Goran Stanić	Skopje
place of birth	Ghenadie Orbu (born 8 July 1982, Chișinău) is a Moldovan professional footballer who currently plays for Codru Lozova.	Ghenadie Orbu	Chișinău
place of birth	Antoine Quinquet was a French pharmacist who was born in Soissons on 9 March 1745.	Antoine Quinquet	Soissons
place of birth	Karin Enke started her sport career as a figure skater at the club SC Einheit Dresden.	Karin Enke	Dresden
place of birth	Christoforos Zografos (Greek: Χριστόφορος Ζωγράφος, born March 24, 1969) is a Greek football referee who currently resides in Athens.	Christoforos Zografos	Athens
place of birth	François Houtart (born 1925 in Brussels) is a Belgian marxist sociologist and Catholic priest.	François Houtart	Brussels
place of birth	Lee Edwards (born 1932 in Chicago, Illinois) is a distinguished fellow in conservative thought at the B. Kenneth Simon Center for American Studies at The Heritage Foundation.	Lee Edwards	Chicago
place of birth	Eric Bokanga Musau (born 9 October 1989 in Kinshasa) is a Congolese international footballer who plays for TP Mazembe, as a striker.	Eric Bokanga	Kinshasa
place of birth	Yitzhak Apeloig (born September 1, 1944 in Uzbekistan) is a pioneer in the computational chemistry field of the Ab initio quantum chemistry methods for predicting and preparing the physical and chemical properties of materials.	Yitzhak Apeloig	Uzbekistan
place of birth	Man Pei Tak (Chinese: 文彼得; Jyutping: man4 bei2 dak1) is a Hong Kong football (soccer) player.	Man Pei Tak	Hong Kong
place of birth	Alexei Casian (born 1 October 1987, Bender, Moldavian SSR) is a Moldavian football Midfielder who represents Lane Xang Intra F.C. at the moment.	Alexei Casian	Bender
place of birth	DJ Perry (born June 23, 1970 in Lansing, Michigan, U.S.) is an American actor, film producer, and screenwriter.	DJ Perry	Lansing
place of birth	Jean Knight (born Jean Caliste, January 26, 1943, New Orleans, Louisiana, United States) is an American soul/R&B/funk singer, best known for her 1971 Stax Records hit single, ``Mr. Big Stuff''.	Jean Knight	New Orleans
place of birth	Brett Chukerman (born August 1, 1981 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American actor and television host.	Brett Chukerman	Chicago
place of birth	Malcolm Ridley (born 1962 in Stanley, County Durham) is an actor and writer.	Malcolm Ridley	Stanley
place of birth	Colm Foley (born 30 May 1979 in Dublin) is an Irish football player who was forced to retire due to injury in January 2008 while playing for St Patrick's Athletic in the League of Ireland.	Colm Foley	Dublin
place of birth	Askil Holm (born August 19, 1980) is a Norwegian singer and musician from Namsos.	Askil Holm	Namsos
place of birth	Alireza Davood Nejad (Persian: علی‌رضا داوودنژاد ‎‎, born 7 December 1953 in Tehran) is an Iranian director, screenwriter, and producer.	Alireza Davood Nejad	Tehran
place of birth	Thomas Wiegand (born 6 May 1970 in Wismar) is a German electrical engineer who substantially contributed to the creation of the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC and H.265/MPEG-H HEVC video coding standards.	Thomas Wiegand	Wismar
place of birth	Kirsten Gillibrand was born in Albany, New York, on December 9, 1966, the daughter of Polly Edwina (née Noonan) and Douglas Paul Rutnik.	Kirsten Gillibrand	Albany
place of birth	Matthew Lloyd was born in Melbourne in 1978 to parents John (a former VFL footballer who played 29 games for the Carlton Football Club from 1965--1967) and Bev Lloyd.	Matthew Lloyd	Melbourne
place of birth	Vilho Petter Nenonen (6 March 1883, in Kuopio -- 17 February 1960) was a Finnish general.	Vilho Petter Nenonen	Kuopio
place of birth	Václav Svěrkoš (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvaːt͡slaf ˈsvjɛrkoʃ); born 1 November 1983 in Třinec) is a Czech football striker who is currently playing for Baník Ostrava.	Václav Svěrkoš	Třinec
place of birth	Christian Frei (born 1959 in Schönenwerd, Solothurn) is a Swiss filmmaker and film producer.	Christian Frei	Schönenwerd
place of birth	Louis Antoine François de Marchangy was born in Saint-Saulge, Nièvre, on 25 August 1782, son of a bailiff.	Louis Antoine François de Marchangy	Saint-Saulge
place of birth	Eduardo Godinho Felipe de Souza (born 8 March 1981 in São Paulo), known as Edu Souza, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a striker.	Eduardo Godinho Felipe de Souza	São Paulo
place of birth	Peter Markstedt (born 11 January 1972 in Västerås) is a Swedish businessman, football manager and former footballer who played as a defender and also as a striker.	Peter Markstedt	Västerås
place of birth	Skid Roper (born Richard Banke, 19 October 1954 in National City, California) is an American musician active in the 1980s and early 1990s.	Skid Roper	National City, California
place of birth	Gabriela Anders (born March 17, 1972 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine singer and pianist, specializing in soul, jazz and Latin.	Gabriela Anders	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Archduchess Assunta of Austria was born on 10 August 1902 in Vienna, Austria.	Archduchess Assunta of Austria	Vienna
place of birth	Chips Kiesbye is the guitarist and vocalist for the Swedish rock band Sator formed in the late 1980s in Borlänge.	Chips Kiesbye	Borlänge
place of birth	Lea Laven (née Luukinen; after that Marjanen, Forssell and Tulonen; born 19 June 1948, Haukipudas) is a Finnish pop singer.	Lea Laven	Haukipudas
place of birth	Joseph Vliers (18 December 1932 in Tongeren -- 19 January 1995 in Tongeren), (mostly called Jef Vliers), was a Belgian football player who finished top scorer of the Belgian First Division with 25 goals and in 1958 while playing for Beerschot.	Joseph Vliers	Tongeren
place of birth	Rian Malan (born 1954 in Johannesburg) is a South African author, journalist, documentarist and songwriter of Afrikaner descent.	Rian Malan	Johannesburg
place of birth	Roy Coyle (born Robert Coyle; 31 January 1946, in Belfast) is a former Northern Ireland international footballer and the most successful manager in the history of the Irish Football League.	Roy Coyle	Belfast
place of birth	Yohan Durand (born May 14, 1985 in Bergerac, Dordogne) is a French middle and long distance runner.	Yohan Durand	Bergerac
place of birth	Léo Jaime was born in Goiânia, the capital city of the Brazilian state of Goiás, in 1960.	Léo Jaime	Goiânia
place of birth	Lefteris Fafalis (Greek: Λευτέρης Φάφαλης) (born 17 February 1976 in Munich) is a West German-born, Greek cross country skier who has competed since 1995.	Lefteris Fafalis	Munich
place of birth	Barry Swift (born November 11, 1979 in Port of Spain, Trinidad) is a former soccer player who had a brief spell at the NY/NJ MetroStars during the 1998 season and played for Maryland Mania in the A-League in 1999.	Barry Swift	Port of Spain
place of birth	Faneva Imà Andriatsima (born 3 June 1984 in Antananarivo) is a Malagasy football striker currently playing for French side US Créteil-Lusitanos.	Faneva Imà Andriatsima	Antananarivo
place of birth	Aston George Taylor, Jr. (born August 5, 1967) better known as Funkmaster Flex is an American hip hop DJ, rapper, musician and producer on New York City's Hot 97 radio station.	Funkmaster Flex	New York City
place of birth	Ernest Giles was born in Bristol, England, son of William Giles, a merchant, and Jane Elizabeth, née Powell.	Ernest Giles	Bristol
place of birth	Genevieve Buechner was born in Edmonton, Alberta, to single mother Tea Buechner.	Genevieve Buechner	Edmonton
place of birth	Richard Jeni was raised in an Italian-American Roman Catholic family in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn.	Richard Jeni	Brooklyn
place of birth	Aaron Koblin (born January 14, 1982 in Santa Monica, CA) is an American digital media artist and entrepreneur best known for his innovative use of data visualization and his pioneering work in crowdsourcing and interactive film.	Aaron Koblin	Santa Monica
place of birth	Alfredo Bodoira (August 28, 1911 in Mathi -- August 3, 1989 in Torino) was an Italian professional football player, who played as a goalkeeper.	Alfredo Bodoira	Mathi
place of birth	Vladimir Khavinson - (Russian: Владимир Хавинсон; born 27 November 1946, Cottbus, Germany) is a Professor, President of the European region of the International Association of Gerontology and Geriatrics;	Vladimir Khavinson	Cottbus
place of birth	Patrizia Lombardo (Rome, 3 September 1958) is an Italian former hurdler (100 m hs) and sprinter (400 m).	Patrizia Lombardo	Rome
place of birth	Nina Berman (b 1960, New York City) is an American documentary photographer.	Nina Berman	New York City
place of birth	Leitch Keir (born 22 June 1861 in Alloa; died 29 June 1922) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Renton, Dumbarton and Scotland.	Leitch Keir	Alloa
place of birth	Yat Siu is a Hong Kong based entrepreneur and angel investor who was born and raised in Vienna, Austria.	Yat Siu	Vienna
place of birth	Alessandro Renica (born September 15, 1962 in Anneville-sur-Mer, France) is a retired Italian professional football player and former manager of Trissino.	Alessandro Renica	Anneville-sur-Mer
place of birth	Bernd Marin ( born 1948 in Vienna) is an Austrian social scientist.	Bernd Marin	Vienna
place of birth	Anita Chapman (born 3 July 1952 in Doncaster) is a British Paralympic archer.	Anita Chapman	Doncaster
place of birth	Jan van Koningsveld (born 1969 in Emden) is a mental calculator.	Jan van Koningsveld	Emden
place of birth	Khandi Alexander was born in New York City, the daughter of Alverina Yavonna (Masters), an opera and jazz singer, and Henry Roland Alexander, who owned a construction company.	Khandi Alexander	New York City
place of birth	Julie Le Breton (born 1975) is a French Canadian actress born in Quebec.	Julie Le Breton	Quebec
place of birth	Clarence Birdseye was born in Brooklyn, New York, on December 9, 1886, the sixth of nine children of Clarence Frank Birdseye I and Ada Jane Underwood.	Clarence Birdseye	Brooklyn
place of birth	Carey Morris (17 May 1882 -- 17 November 1968) was a Welsh painter, illustrator, author and businessman born in Llandeilo, Carmarthenshire.	Carey Morris	Llandeilo
place of birth	Agyrrhius (Greek: Ἀγύρριος) was a native of Collytus in Attica, whom Andocides ironically calls ``the noble and the good'' (τὸν καλὸν κἀγαθὸν) after being in prison many years for embezzlement of public money.	Agyrrhius	Attica
place of birth	Kristofer Karlsson (born 26 October 1992 in Bondi, New South Wales) is an Australian team handball player.	Kristofer Karlsson	Bondi
place of birth	Rosalie Gwathmey or Rosalie Hook (September 15, 1908 -- February 12, 2001) was an American painter and photographer who born in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Rosalie Gwathmey	Charlotte
place of birth	Serge Said made his debut for Lebanon in a friendly against Iraq on 22 January 2012 It resulted in a 1--0 home win.	Serge Said	Lebanon
place of birth	Mauricio Vallina (born 27 March 1970 in Havana,) is a Cuban pianist living in Brussels.	Mauricio Vallina	Havana
place of birth	Otto Merz (born 12 June 1889 in Esslingen am Neckar, Kingdom of Württemberg of the German Empire) was a chauffeur, race car driver, test driver and mechanic.	Otto Merz	Esslingen am Neckar
place of birth	Jens Larsen (born August 22, 1969 in Aalborg) is a Danish former professional volleyball and beach volleyball player, and now the coach of the German club Wuppertal.	Jens Larsen	Aalborg
place of birth	Corneliu Mănescu (February 8, 1916 -- June 26, 2000) was a Romanian diplomat born in Ploiești.	Corneliu Mănescu	Ploiești
place of birth	Mark Leech (born 9 December 1985 in Dublin, Ireland), is an Irish footballer who plays for League of Ireland First Division side Shelbourne.	Mark Leech	Dublin
place of birth	George Lindsey was born in Fairfield, Alabama in populous Jefferson County, Alabama, and grew up in the small town of Jasper.	George Lindsey	Fairfield
place of birth	Wilhelm Orlik-Rückemann was born on 1 August 1894 in Lemberg, Austria-Hungary (later Lwów, Poland, and today Lviv, Ukraine.)	Wilhelm Orlik-Rückemann	Lviv
place of birth	Ryan Gauld was born on 16 December 1995 in Aberdeen and grew up in Laurencekirk, Aberdeenshire, where he was a pupil at Mearns Academy.	Ryan Gauld	Aberdeen
place of birth	The daughter of an American Civil War soldier who became a successful lawyer, Mary Johnston was born in the small town of Buchanan, Virginia.	Mary Johnston	Buchanan
place of birth	Her great-aunt, Blanche d'Alpuget, after whom she was named, was a pioneer woman journalist in Sydney and a patron of artists.	Blanche d'Alpuget	Sydney
place of birth	Lamya Kaddor (born 1978 in Ahlen) is a German scholar of Islamic studies of Syrian ancestry, a writer and founder and chairwoman of the Liberal-Islamic Association (LIB e.V.).	Lamya Kaddor	Ahlen
place of birth	Irena Koprowska, née Grasberg (born. May 12, 1917 in Warsaw, died. August 16, 2012 near Philadelphia, USA) was an American pathologist, and the first woman to be named a full professor at Hahnemann Medical College, now Drexel University College of Medicine.	Irena Koprowska	Warsaw
place of birth	Meir Dizengoff was born in 1861 in the village of Ekimovtsy near Orhei, Bessarabia.	Meir Dizengoff	Bessarabia
place of birth	Carlos Duarte Costa was born in Rio de Janeiro on July 21, 1888, at the residence of his uncle Eduardo Duarte de Silva.	Carlos Duarte Costa	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Sha Yibo (Chinese: 沙一博; pinyin: Shā Yībó; born 7 January 1991 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One.	Sha Yibo	Qingdao
place of birth	Hermann Gassner Jr (born 29 November 1988 in Bad Reichenhall) is a German rally driver, currently competing in the Super 2000 World Rally Championship (SWRC).	Hermann Gassner	Bad Reichenhall
place of birth	Andreas Wecker (born 2 January 1970 in Staßfurt) is a former German gymnast who had a long and successful career.	Andreas Wecker	Staßfurt
place of birth	Frank Ferera was born in Honolulu, Hawaii in 1885 of Portuguese ancestry.	Frank Ferera	Honolulu
place of birth	Paul Needham (born 15 June 1961, Buxton) is a former English professional footballer who played as a full back.	Paul Needham	Buxton
place of birth	Almanzo Wilder was born the fifth of six children to farmers James (1813--1899) and Angeline Day Wilder (1821--1905) on their farm near Malone, New York.	Almanzo Wilder	Malone, New York
place of birth	Edevaldo de Freitas, best known as Edevaldo (born in Campos dos Goytacazes, Rio de Janeiro State, January 28, 1958) is a former Brazilian football (soccer) player in right-back role.	Edevaldo de Freitas	Campos dos Goytacazes
place of birth	Said Fazlagić (born January 25, 1969 in Sarajevo) is a retired Bosnian international footballer who played professionally in Europe and the United States as a left back.	Said Fazlagić	Sarajevo
place of birth	Jérémie Boutherin (born 7 August 1988 in Grenoble) is a French bobsledder.	Jérémie Boutherin	Grenoble
place of birth	Girolamo di Corregio was born in Correggio, Emilia-Romagna in 1511, the son of Giberto X, Count of Correggio and his wife Veronica Gambara.	Girolamo di Corregio	Correggio, Emilia-Romagna
place of birth	José Vianna da Motta was born on São Tomé Island, a Portuguese territory at the time where his father, also a great amateur musician, had opened a pharmacy.	José Vianna da Motta	São Tomé
place of birth	Cleiton Oliveira Pinto (born 21 December 1979 in Barreiras), commonly known as Cleiton, is a Brazilian football Midfielder who plays for Anapolina.	Cleiton Oliveira Pinto	Barreiras
place of birth	It appears that Al-Adil allowed Al-Kamil a fairly high degree of authority, since he oversaw much of the work on the Cairo citadel, issued decrees in his own name, and even managed to persuade his father to dismiss the powerful minister Ibn Shukr.	Al-Kamil	Cairo
place of birth	Stephan Feck (born 17 February 1990 in Leipzig) is a German diver who competes in the Men's 1 and 3 metre springboard.	Stephan Feck	Leipzig
place of birth	Tejinder Virdee, son of Udham Kaur and Chain Singh Virdee, was born in Nyeri, Kenya in 1952 into a Sikh family.	Tejinder Virdee	Nyeri
place of birth	Nicole Garza (b. October 13, 1982 in Miami) is an American actress of film and television.	Nicole Garza	Miami
place of birth	Louis Tussaud created a waxwork museum in London, 207 Regent Street, which opened 24 December 1890.	Louis Tussaud	London
place of birth	Pertti Ukkola (born August 10, 1950) in Sodankylä is a Finnish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Pertti Ukkola	Sodankylä
place of birth	Honoré Dutrey (c. 1894 -- 21 July 1935) was a dixieland jazz trombonist born in New Orleans, Louisiana, probably best known for his work in King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band.	Honoré Dutrey	New Orleans
place of birth	Magdalena Łazarkiewicz, née Holland (born 6 July 1954 in Warsaw) is a Polish film director and screenwriter.	Magdalena Łazarkiewicz	Warsaw
place of birth	Jörg Leichtfried (born 18 June 1967 in Bruck an der Mur, Styria) is an Austrian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the SPÖ, part of the Socialist Group and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Transport and Tourism.	Jörg Leichtfried	Bruck an der Mur
place of birth	Elizabeth Robins, the first child of Charles Robins and Hannah Crow, was born in Louisville, Kentucky.	Elizabeth Robins	Louisville
place of birth	Alex Zhang Hungtai (born September 4, 1980 in Taipei), formerly known by his stage name Dirty Beaches is a Taiwanese-born Canadian musician based in Montreal, Quebec.	Dirty Beaches	Taipei
place of birth	Born in Wellington, Apirana Taylor is of Pākehā and Māori descent with affiliations to Ngāti Porou, Te Whānau-ā-Apanui and Ngāti Ruanui.	Apirana Taylor	Wellington
place of birth	Bob Platt (born Robert Kenworthy Platt, 26 December 1932, Holmfirth, Yorkshire, England) is an English former first-class cricketer, who played ninety six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1955 and 1963, and three for Northamptonshire in 1964.	Bob Platt	Holmfirth
place of birth	Lucas Silva Fonseca, or simply Lucas Fonseca (born 2 August 1985 in Pedralva, Minas Gerais), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Tianjin Teda in the Chinese Super League.	Lucas Fonseca	Pedralva, Minas Gerais
place of birth	Christian Olsen (born November 9, 1983 in Middelfart) is a Danish football striker, who currently is playing as a playing assistant for Struer Boldklub.	Christian Olsen	Middelfart
place of birth	Frédéric Jay (born 20 September 1976 in Mâcon, Saône-et-Loire) is a French Association Football player.	Frédéric Jay	Mâcon
place of birth	Heinrich von Ficker (November 22, 1881 -- April 29, 1957) was a German-Austrian meteorologist and geophysicist who was a native of Munich.	Heinrich von Ficker	Munich
place of birth	Carolyn Breuer (born 4 July 1969 in Munich) is a German jazz saxophonist (alto and soprano).	Carolyn Breuer	Munich
place of birth	Dianne Kay (born March 29, 1954, Phoenix, Arizona) is an American actress, best known for her role as Nancy Bradford on the ABC television show Eight is Enough (1977--1981).	Dianne Kay	Phoenix
place of birth	Johann Gottlieb Friedrich von Bohnenberger (15 June 1765 -- 19 April 1831) was a German astronomer born at Simmozheim, Württemberg.	Johann Gottlieb Friedrich von Bohnenberger	Simmozheim
place of birth	Yuli Rachmawati or also known as Julia Perez or Jupe (born July 15, 1980 in Jakarta), is an Indonesian actress, dangdut singer, model, announcer, and political candidate.	Julia Perez	Jakarta
place of birth	Maciej Kuroń (born 8 March 1960 in Warsaw, died 25 December 2008 in Izabelin), was a Polish journalist and culinary publicist.	Maciej Kuroń	Warsaw
place of birth	Born to Louis and Jeanne de Jussie in Jussy-l'évèque - in the former province of Chablais - Jeanne was the youngest of six children who survived infancy.	Jeanne de Jussie	Jussy
place of birth	Giorgos Katsaros (Greek: Γιώργος Κατσαρός) (born on 7 March 1934 in Corfu) is a famous Greek musician and songwriter.	Giorgos Katsaros	Corfu
place of birth	Robert Linzee was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire in 1739, the youngest child of five sons and five daughters born to Edward Linzee and his wife Anne Newnham.	Robert Linzee	Portsmouth
place of birth	Tène Youssouf Gueye (1928 in Kaédi -- 1988) was a Mauritanian French language writer.	Youssouf Gueye	Kaédi
place of birth	Vahe Aghabegians (Armenian: Վահե Աղաբեկյանց, born November 26, 1952, Tehran) is a technology adviser to the Armenian government.	Vahe Aghabegians	Tehran
place of birth	Alexander Kobrin (Александр Кобрин, born 1980 in Moscow) is a Russian pianist.	Alexander Kobrin	Moscow
place of birth	Alfred Ploetz was born in Swinemünde, Germany (now Świnoujście, Poland) and he grew up and attended school in Breslau (now Wrocław).	Alfred Ploetz	Świnoujście
place of birth	Dina Pathak was born in Amreli --	Dina Pathak	Amreli
place of birth	In Paramaribo a street formerly known as Cultuurtuinlaan was changed into Letitia Vriesdelaan.	Letitia Vriesde	Paramaribo
place of birth	James Crawford Neilson (October 14, 1816 - December 21, 1900), or J. Crawford Neilson, was a Baltimore, Maryland-based architect.	James Crawford Neilson	Baltimore
place of birth	Inkie is a London-based painter and street artist, originally from Clifton, Bristol.	Inkie	Bristol
place of birth	Laura Chang (born in Seattle, Washington) is an American journalist who edits the Booming blog of The New York Times, a role she took on after spearheading the paper's coverage of the 10th anniversary of 9/11.	Laura Chang	Seattle
place of birth	Abdou Razack Traoré (born 28 December 1988 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian-born Burkinabe footballer, who plays for Konyaspor.	Abdou Razack Traoré	Abidjan
place of birth	Jacques Chevallier (15 November 1911 in Bordeaux -- 13 April 1971) was a liberal pied noir mayor of Algiers who governed the city at the head of a coalition of pied noir and Moslem representatives.	Jacques Chevallier	Bordeaux
place of birth	Lale Yavaş (born 1978 in Brugg) is a Swiss and Turkish actress.	Lale Yavaş	Brugg
place of birth	Gil Brealey (born 9 April 1932 in Melbourne) is an Australian television and film director, producer and writer.	Gil Brealey	Melbourne
place of birth	Pier Luigi Bersani was born on 29 September 1951, in Bettola, a mountain municipality in Nure Valley, in the province of Piacenza, Emilia-Romagna region, Italy.	Pier Luigi Bersani	Bettola
place of birth	Tommy Ridgley (October 30, 1925 -- August 11, 1999) was an American R&B singer and bandleader in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Tommy Ridgley	New Orleans
place of birth	Terry Tempest Williams was born in Corona, California, to Diane Dixon Tempest and John Henry Tempest, III. Her father was serving in the United States Air Force in Riverside, California, for two years.	Terry Tempest Williams	Corona
place of birth	Olaf Marschall (born 19 March 1966 in Torgau) is a retired German footballer and a football sports manager.	Olaf Marschall	Torgau
place of birth	Ali Dahleb (born August 25, 1969 in El Harrach, Algiers) is a retired Algerian international football player.	Ali Dahleb	El Harrach
place of birth	Rufus Reid (born February 10, 1944, in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American jazz bassist, educator, and composer.	Rufus Reid	Atlanta
place of birth	Patrick Chappatte (known simply as Chappatte, born 1967 in Karachi, Pakistan) is a Lebanese-Swiss cartoonist who draws for Le Temps, Neue Zürcher Zeitung (Sunday edition) and the International New York Times.	Patrick Chappatte	Karachi
place of birth	Tiger Chen was born on 3 March 1975 in Chengdu, Sichuan, where he studied the Chinese martial arts, by age 18, he enrolled into Sichuan Wushu Team.	Tiger Chen	Chengdu
place of birth	Debbie Dickinson (born December 30, 1957 in Hollywood, Florida) is an American actress and fashion model.	Debbie Dickinson	Hollywood
place of birth	Jackie Tileston (born 1960, Manila, Philippines) is an American artist and painter.	Jackie Tileston	Manila
place of birth	Ira Steven Behr (born October 23, 1953, in New York City, New York) is an American television producer and screenwriter, most known for his work on Star Trek, especially Star Trek:	Ira Steven Behr	New York City
place of birth	Miki Malör studied music at the Music and Art academy in Vienna (MA, 1981).	Miki Malör	Vienna
place of birth	Zoran Roje (born 7 October 1956 in Split) is a Croatian former water polo player.	Zoran Roje	Split
place of birth	It states Guanxiu began the set while living in Lanxi, Zhejiang province.	Guanxiu	Lanxi
place of birth	Antonio Fazio (born 11 October 1936 in Alvito, province of Frosinone) is an Italian banker, who was the Governor of Banca d'Italia from 1993 until his resignation amidst controversy at the end of 2005.	Antonio Fazio	Alvito
place of birth	Deividas Česnauskis (born 30 June 1981 in Kuršėnai, Lithuanian SSR) is a Lithuanian footballer, who plays as a winger for FK Trakai.	Deividas Česnauskis	Kuršėnai
place of birth	Alexander Pope was born to Alexander Pope Senior (1646--1717), a linen merchant of Plough Court, Lombard Street, London, and his wife Edith (née Turner) (1643--1733), who were both Catholics.	Alexander Pope	London
place of birth	Victoria Stadnik (born 25 November 1979 in Odessa, USSR) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast who competed at the 1995 and 1996 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships.	Victoria Stadnik	Odessa
place of birth	Grantland Rice was born in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, the son of Bolling Hendon Rice, a cotton dealer, and his wife, Mary Beulah (Grantland) Rice.	Grantland Rice	Murfreesboro
place of birth	Luca Valzania (born 5 March 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays as a left winger for Cesena on loan from Atalanta.	Luca Valzania	Cesena
place of birth	John D'Alton was born in Claremorris to Joseph D'Alton (d. 1 April 1883) and his wife Mary Brennan, at the height of the Land Wars in Ireland.	John D'Alton	Claremorris
place of birth	Mordechai Gifter was born in 1916 , in Portsmouth, Virginia to Yisrael and Matla (May) Gifter.	Mordechai Gifter	Portsmouth
place of birth	Gianmatteo Mareggini (born 8 January 1967, in Modena) is an Italian former footballer, currently a goalkeeping coach for Figline.	Gianmatteo Mareggini	Modena
place of birth	Vaino Vahing (15 February 1940 in Aravu, Tartu County -- 23 March 2008 in Tartu), was an Estonian writer, prosaist, psychiatrist and playwright.	Vaino Vahing	Aravu
place of birth	Frank Hannah (born 15 February 1971 in Clydebank, Scotland) is a Scottish-born screenwriter and filmmaker.	Frank Hannah	Clydebank
place of birth	Max Marcuse (April 14, 1877, Berlin -- June 24, 1963, Tel Aviv) was a Jewish-German dermatologist and sexologist.	Max Marcuse	Berlin
place of birth	Jiří Rohan (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪr̝iː ˈroɦan)) (born 13 December 1964 in Prague) is a Czechoslovak-Czech slalom canoer who competed in the 1980s and 1990s.	Jiří Rohan	Prague
place of birth	John Scholey (15 September 1840, Holbeck, Leeds, Yorkshire -- 14 April 1908, Mayfield House, near Newcastle, New South Wales) was an extensive landed proprietor, prominent businessman, colliery owner, and Mayor.	John Scholey	Holbeck
place of birth	Jens Munks was born on his father's estate Barbu at Arendal in the county of Aust-Agder, Norway.	Jens Munk	Arendal
place of birth	Ashley Hartog (born 1 September 1982 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) striker who currently plays for Maritzburg United.	Ashley Hartog	Cape Town
place of birth	Galeazzo Malatesta (1385--1461) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Pesaro and Fossombrone.	Galeazzo Malatesta	Pesaro
place of birth	Giselle Patrón (born Lima, 9 April 1987) is a Peruvian model and actress.	Giselle Patrón	Lima
place of birth	Turgut Özal was born in Malatya to a Turkish family with partial Kurdish roots (mother).	Turgut Özal	Malatya
place of birth	Lucas Pierre Santos Oliveira or simply Pierre (born January 19, 1982 in Itororó), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Fluminense as a defensive midfielder.	Lucas Pierre Santos Oliveira	Itororó
place of birth	Rosa Maria Calles was born in the small Spanish Colonial village of Tome-Adelino, New Mexico.	Rosa Maria Calles	Tome
place of birth	Angelo Maccagnino, also known as Angelo da Siena (active 1447 -- 1456), was an Italian Renaissance painter.	Angelo Maccagnino	Siena
place of birth	Gadahn was born Adam Yahiye Gadahn in 1978, in Oregon, United States.	Adam Yahiye Gadahn	Oregon
place of birth	Mastanabal Kacher (born November 8, 1995 in Azazga, Algeria) is a Canadian-Algerian soccer player who currently plays for FC Montreal in the USL.	Mastanabal Kacher	Azazga
place of birth	Rensy Barradas (born 21 October 1990 in Willemstad) is an Aruban footballer who plays as a striker.	Rensy Barradas	Willemstad
place of birth	Ole Hegge (September 3, 1898 in Bardu died June 2, 1994 in Livingston, New York) was a Norwegian cross-country skier who competed in the late 1920s and early 1930s.	Ole Hegge	Bardu
place of birth	James Grady (born 14 March 1971 in Paisley) is a former Scottish footballer who spent the majority of his career in the top two divisions in Scottish football.	James Grady	Paisley
place of birth	William ``Bill'' Braunstein (born July 14, 1972), better known as Ill Bill, is an American rapper and record producer from Brooklyn, New York.	Ill Bill	Brooklyn
place of birth	Badile Lubamba (born 26 April 1976 in Kinshasa, Zaire) is a former Swiss footballer of Congolese descent.	Badile Lubamba	Kinshasa
place of birth	Alessandro Calcaterra (born 26 May 1975 in Civitavecchia) is an Italian water polo player, who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia).	Alessandro Calcaterra	Civitavecchia
place of birth	Lismore Career Stats: 2005-2007 Milton Thaiday played 29 games, scored 14 tries for a total of 56 points He initially began his professional career in rugby union playing for the NSW Waratahs in Super 12 Rugby.	Milton Thaiday	Lismore
place of birth	Sadok Ghileb (1840--1912) was a Tunisian politician and mayor of Tunis.	Sadok Ghileb	Tunis
place of birth	Christo Landry (born April 29, 1986 in Madison, Wisconsin) is a United States distance runner who has won multiple USA Road Championships and holds the American Record in the 25 km distance.	Christo Landry	Madison
place of birth	Levan Khomeriki (born 20 January 1974) is a retired Georgian football player and current coach of Dinamo Batumi.	Levan Khomeriki	Batumi
place of birth	Dietmar Koszewski (born 26 July 1967 in East Berlin) is a retired German hurdler.	Dietmar Koszewski	Berlin
place of birth	Charles Joughin was born in Patten Street, next to the West Float in Birkenhead, England, on 3 August 1878.	Charles Joughin	Birkenhead
place of birth	Deborah Coleman (born October 3, 1956, Portsmouth, Virginia) is an American blues guitarist, songwriter and singer.	Deborah Coleman	Portsmouth
place of birth	Frédéric Flamand (born 1946 in Brussels), is a Belgian actor, director, choreographer and dance company director.	Frédéric Flamand	Brussels
place of birth	Simon Procter (born November 8, 1968 in Lancashire, England) is an expatriate British artist and photographer who has collaborated with Karl Lagerfeld, John Galliano and Vivienne Westwood, and whose work includes Galliano Royal (2007).	Simon Procter	Lancashire
place of birth	Mauro Poggia (born 25 April 1959 in Moutier) is a Swiss-Italian politician and lawyer.	Mauro Poggia	Moutier
place of birth	Noemi Zbären (born 12 March 1994 in Langnau im Emmental) is a Swiss hurdler.	Noemi Zbären	Langnau im Emmental
place of birth	Yasaman Farzan (Persian: یاسمن فرزان‎‎ was born 1977 in Tabriz) is an Iranian researcher, professor and physicist.	Yasaman Farzan	Tabriz
place of birth	Ross Antony Catterall (born 9 July 1974 in Bridgnorth, Shropshire, England); better known by his stage name Ross Antony, is a British musical actor, singer, television entertainer and presenter in Germany, where he also resides near the city of Köln.	Ross Antony	Bridgnorth
place of birth	Edmílson Barros de Souza or simply Edmílson (born December 9, 1977 in Coxim), is a former Brazilian central defender.	Edmílson Barros de Souza	Coxim
place of birth	Amanda Means (born 1945 in Marion, New York) is an American artist and photographer.	Amanda Means	Marion
place of birth	Ekaterina Sergeyevna Grigorieva (Russian: Екатерина Сергеевна Григорьева; born 15 September 1988 in Olenegorsk Murmansk Oblast, Russia), better known as Kate Grigorieva, is a Russian model.	Kate Grigorieva	Olenegorsk
place of birth	Ferenc Novák (born July 13, 1969 in Budapest) is a Hungarian sprint canoeist who has competed from the early 1990s to 2006.	Ferenc Novák	Budapest
place of birth	Auguste Simon Paris (September, 1794, Charleville-Mézières in the Ardennes - 7 September 1869 Paris) was a French notary and entomologist.	Auguste Simon Paris	Charleville-Mézières
place of birth	Born to George Bowman and Mary Hite, Isaac Bowman was the youngest of four sons and grew up at Fort Bowman aka Harmony Hall on Cedar Creek, only two miles south of present-day Strasburg.	Isaac Bowman	Strasburg
place of birth	Vasily Garbuzov was born on 20 June 1911 in Belgorod to a Russian working-class family.	Vasily Garbuzov	Belgorod
place of birth	Luc Luycx (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈlyk ˈlœy̯ks); born April 11, 1958 in Aalst, East Flanders) is the designer of the common side of the euro coins.	Luc Luycx	Aalst
place of birth	Alexander Kosolapov (Russian: Александр Семёнович Косолапов) (born January 1, 1943, in Moscow, Russia) is an American sculptor and painter.	Alexander Kosolapov	Moscow
place of birth	Christina Cox was born in a town on the outskirts of Toronto, the youngest of three daughters.	Christina Cox	Toronto
place of birth	Neil Farber (born 1975 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Winnipeg.	Neil Farber	Winnipeg
place of birth	Lakhdar Adjali (born July 18, 1972 in Algiers) is an Algerian football manager and former player who is currently the assistant coach of the Amiens SC reserve team.	Lakhdar Adjali	Algiers
place of birth	Maria Luisa Catricalà (Vibo Valentia, 1946) best known by the stage name Louiselle is an Italian singer of the 1960s and '70s.	Louiselle	Vibo Valentia
place of birth	Daniil Papadopoulos (Greek: Δανιήλ Παπαδόπουλος; born 1963 in Thessaloniki) is a former Greek footballer that played in several positions throughout his career.	Daniil Papadopoulos	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Li Haowen (Chinese: 李浩文; born 29 November 1993 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.	Li Haowen	Shanghai
place of birth	Wouter De Vriendt (born 22 June 1977 in Ostend) is a Belgian (Flemish) politician, and member of Groen!.	Wouter De Vriendt	Ostend
place of birth	Zhang Yudong (Chinese: 张煜东; born 9 September 1992 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin.	Zhang Yudong	Shanghai
place of birth	Giovanni Michiel was born in Venice sometime between April 1446 and April 1447, the son of Lorenzo Michiel and Nicolosa Barbo, sister of the future Pope Paul II. A cousin, Giovanni Battista Zeno, was also a cardinal (1468).	Giovanni Michiel	Venice
place of birth	Jessica Hart (b. Accra, Ghana) is a British writer of over 55 romance novels in Mills & Boon.	Jessica Hart	Accra
place of birth	Mirko Casper (born 1 March 1982 in Zell (Mosel), Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German former footballer.	Mirko Casper	Zell
place of birth	The younger brother of Presley Marion Rixey, John Franklin Rixey was born in Culpeper County, Virginia, and studied law at the University of Virginia.	John Franklin Rixey	Culpeper County
place of birth	Because Franz Huschkov, the registrar of the 4th Vienna Parish, was making most of his entries in a state of inebriation, it cannot be said with any degree of certainty whether Jára Cimrman was born to Marlén and Leopold Cimrman on a freezing February night in 1857, 1864, or 1876.	Jára Cimrman	Vienna
place of birth	James Van Fleet was born in the Coytesville section of Fort Lee, New Jersey, but his parents moved to Florida when he was an infant and he was raised there.	James Van Fleet	Fort Lee
place of birth	Cornelia van der Veer (born Amsterdam, 30 August 1639 - buried there 18 October 1704) was a Dutch poet.	Cornelia van der Veer	Amsterdam
place of birth	Alain Saint-Ogan (August 7, 1895, Colombes, Hauts-de-Seine -- June 22, 1974) was a French comics author and artist.	Alain Saint-Ogan	Colombes
place of birth	Melissa Errico was born in New York Hospital and lived in New York City for five years while her New Jersey-raised father completed medical residency and her Brooklyn-native mother was a schoolteacher in Harlem.	Melissa Errico	New York	New York City
place of birth	George 'Professor' Burchett (also styled the 'King of Tattooists') was born George Burchett-Davis on 23 August 1872 in the English seaside town of Brighton, East Sussex and became one of the most famous tattoo artists in the world.	George Burchett	Brighton
place of birth	Chen Fei (Chinese: 陈飞; born 30 October 1990 in Tianjin, China) is a Chinese judoka.	Chen Fei	Tianjin
place of birth	Born in Buenos Aires in 1963, Mariano Akerman is a painter, architect and art historian.	Mariano Akerman	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Gaute Ormåsen (born 20 April 1983 in Brumunddal, Hedmark) is a Norwegian singer and was the Idol runner-up to Kurt Nilsen in 2003.	Gaute Ormåsen	Brumunddal
place of birth	Soufiane Haddi (born 2 February 1991 in Khenifra) is a Moroccan road bicycle racer, who competes for the Skydive Dubai Pro Cycling team.	Soufiane Haddi	Khenifra
place of birth	Friedrich Wilhelm von Leysser (March 7, 1731 -- October 10, 1815); (surname sometimes given as Leyser) was a German botanist who was a native of Magdeburg.	Friedrich Wilhelm von Leysser	Magdeburg
place of birth	Massimo Podenzana (born 29 July 1961 in La Spezia) is an Italian former road racing cyclist.	Massimo Podenzana	La Spezia
place of birth	Paul Gilmartin was born in South Holland, Illinois, and attended St. Joseph's school in Homewood.	Paul Gilmartin	South Holland
place of birth	Christian Ulmen (born 22 September 1975 in Neuwied) is a German entertainer and actor.	Christian Ulmen	Neuwied
place of birth	Manuela Arcuri (Anagni, 8 January 1977) is an Italian actress, model and soubrette.	Manuela Arcuri	Anagni
place of birth	Lawrence Ng Kai Wah (traditional Chinese: 吳啟華; simplified Chinese: 吴启华, pinyin: Wú Qǐhuá; born 19 May 1964) is a popular TV actor in Hong Kong.	Lawrence Ng	Hong Kong
place of birth	Jack Garratt (born 11 October 1991) is a British singer and multi-instrumentalist from Little Chalfont, Buckinghamshire.	Jack Garratt	Little Chalfont
place of birth	Indrek Turi (born July 30, 1981 in Tallinn) is an Estonian decathlete.	Indrek Turi	Tallinn
place of birth	Anton Gilbert Victor von Ebner, Ritter von Rofenstein (February 4, 1842 - March 20, 1925) was an Austrian anatomist and histologist who was a native of Bregenz.	Victor von Ebner	Bregenz
place of birth	Thomas Moran (February 12, 1837 -- August 25, 1926) from Bolton, England was an American painter and printmaker of the Hudson River School in New York whose work often featured the Rocky Mountains.	Thomas Moran	Bolton
place of birth	Martin McCarrick (born 29 July ?, in Luton, Bedfordshire) is an English cellist, keyboardist, guitarist and composer.	Martin McCarrick	Luton
place of birth	Gary Boyd Roberts (born September 29, 1943, Houston, Texas) is an American genealogist known for his scholarship in Americans of royal descent, the ancestors of American presidents, and notable kin.	Gary Boyd Roberts	Houston
place of birth	Mel Hunter's life began with a troubled childhood in Oak Park, Illinois, where he was physically and psychologically abused by a humorless father.	Mel Hunter	Oak Park
place of birth	Antonio Marcegaglia (born in Mantua on 12 December 1963) is an Italian managing director, Chairman and CEO of Marcegaglia; the leading industrial group in steel manufacturing.	Antonio Marcegaglia	Mantua
place of birth	Mark Rutte was born on 14 February 1967 in The Hague in the Dutch province of South Holland in a Dutch Reformed family as the youngest child of Izaäk Rutte (5 October 1909 -- 22 April 1988), a merchant, and Hermina Cornelia Dilling (born 13 November 1923), a secretary.	Mark Rutte	The Hague
place of birth	Michael Northcott was born and brought up in Kent, England to James and Betty Northcott, attended schools in Beckenham, Kent and Cranbrook, Kent.	Michael Northcott	Kent
place of birth	Wu Peng (simplified Chinese: 吴鹏; traditional Chinese: 吳鵬; pinyin: Wú Péng; born May 16, 1987 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a Chinese former swimmer.	Wu Peng	Hangzhou
place of birth	Li Xinggang (born in Hebei, 1969) is a Chinese architect, director of Atelier Li Xinggang and vice chief architect of China Architecture Design & Research Group.	Li Xinggang	Hebei
place of birth	Yin Hongbo (Chinese: 尹鸿博; pinyin: Yǐn Hóngbó; born 30 October 1989 in Changchun, Jilin) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Henan Jianye.	Yin Hongbo	Changchun
place of birth	René Clemencic (Vienna, 27 February 1928) is an Austrian composer, recorder player, harpsichordist, conductor and clavichord player.	René Clemencic	Vienna
place of birth	Charlotte Bilbault (born 5 June 1990 in Saint-Doulchard) is a French football player who currently plays French club Montpellier of the Division 1 Féminine.	Charlotte Bilbault	Saint-Doulchard
place of birth	Born in Saint-Étienne, Loire, France, John Laval was ordained a priest for the Archdiocese of New Orleans on November 10, 1877.	John Laval	Saint-Étienne
place of birth	Ivan Mládek was born in Prague, where he spent most of his childhood.	Ivan Mládek	Prague
place of birth	Jeremiah Ani (born 12 February 1985 in Kaduna) is a Nigerian international footballer who is also a Maltese Citizen,Currently plays for Sliema Wanderers F.C.in the Maltese Premier League.He plays as a Striker/Winger.	Jeremiah Ani	Kaduna
place of birth	Richard Poirier (born Gloucester, Massachusetts, September 9, 1925, died New York City, August 15, 2009) was an American literary critic.	Richard Poirier	Gloucester
place of birth	Karel Švenk, sometimes referred to in German as Karl Schwenk (Prague, 17 March 1917 -- near Karlsberg, en route to Mauthausen, 1 April 1945), was a Czech cabaret artist, comedian, songwriter and writer.	Karel Švenk	Prague
place of birth	Niv Fichman (Hebrew: ניב פיכמן‎; Born in 1958 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli Canadian film producer, actor and director.	Niv Fichman	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Mohammad Reza Sangsefidi (Persian: محمدرضا سنگ‌سفیدی‎‎, born 2 November 1989 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player.	Mohammad Reza Sangsefidi	Tehran
place of birth	Lucy Akhurst (b. 18 November 1975 in London) is an English actress, writer and director who has been working mainly in television since the 1990s.	Lucy Akhurst	London
place of birth	Michael Tsegaye (born 1975 in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian artist and photographer.	Michael Tsegaye	Addis Ababa
place of birth	Dwight Lauderdale (born in Columbus, Ohio) is a former TV news anchor.	Dwight Lauderdale	Columbus
place of birth	Claude Choules was born in Pershore, Worcestershire, on 3 March 1901 and raised in nearby Wyre Piddle.	Claude Choules	Pershore
place of birth	Koos Van Den Akker (March 16, 1939 -- February 3, 2015) was a Dutch-born fashion designer based in New York City, USA.	Koos Van Den Akker	New York City
place of birth	Rodolfo Freitas da Silva or simply Rodolfo (born October 4, 1993 in Orindiúva) is a Brazilian football striker.	Rodolfo Freitas da Silva	Orindiúva
place of birth	Harout Pamboukjian (Armenian: Հարութ Փամբուկչյան), (born in 1950 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union), also known as Dzakh Harut (Ձախ Հարութ Left Harout), is an Armenian American pop singer living in Los Angeles.	Harout Pamboukjian	Yerevan
place of birth	Romulus Buia (born 15 June 1970 in Baia Mare) is a Romanian former football player, currently the manager of FC Maramureş Universitar Baia Mare.	Romulus Buia	Baia Mare
place of birth	Peter Blazincic (born 29 May 1969), is a former Australian football (soccer) Goalkeeper, now the goalkeeping coach at A-League side Adelaide United FC.	Peter Blazincic	Adelaide
place of birth	Roche Braziliano (sometimes spelled Rock, Roch, Roc, Roque, Brazilliano, or Brasiliano) (c. 1630 -- disappeared c. 1671) was a Dutch pirate born in the town of Groningen.	Roche Braziliano	Groningen
place of birth	Jacopo Corsi (17 July 1561 -- 29 December 1602) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque and one of Florence's leading patrons of the arts, after only the Medicis.	Jacopo Corsi	Florence
place of birth	Chaudhry Amir Hussain was born in the city of Sialkot, to a Gujjar family.	Chaudhry Amir Hussain	Sialkot
place of birth	Emanuele Berrettoni (born 17 May 1981 in Rome) is an Italian football player currently playing for Ascoli.	Emanuele Berrettoni	Rome
place of birth	Prince Al-Muhtadee Billah was born at Istana Darul Hana, Bandar Seri Begawan on 17 February 1974.	Al-Muhtadee Billah	Bandar Seri Begawan
place of birth	Qusay Habib (Arabic: قصي حبيب‎, born 15 April 1987 in Al Qamishli, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Qusay Habib	Qamishli
place of birth	Alexey Sobolev (born in Novosibirsk on 1 September 1991) is a Russian snowboarder competing in slopestyle and big air.	Alexey Sobolev	Novosibirsk
place of birth	Patrick McGinley (born 1937) is an Irish novelist, born in Glencolumbkille, Ireland.	Patrick McGinley	Glencolumbkille
place of birth	Ma Chengxiang commanded the Xinjiang First Cavalry Division, which was formerly stationed in Gansu where it was known as the Fifth Cavalry Army.	Ma Chengxiang	Gansu
place of birth	Peter Kenyon (born 1954 in Stalybridge, Cheshire) is a British businessman who has served as the chief executive of English Premier League clubs Manchester United Football Club and Chelsea Football Club, where he has been involved in contentious transfer dealings.	Peter Kenyon	Stalybridge
place of birth	Annett Gamm (born May 28, 1977 in Dresden, Sachsen) is a German platform diver.	Annett Gamm	Dresden
place of birth	Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Davido relocated to Lagos at a young age.	Davido	Atlanta
place of birth	Philetus Sawyer was born in 1816 in Whiting, Vermont, and moved to Crown Point, New York, as an infant in 1817.	Philetus Sawyer	Whiting
place of birth	Ewan Hooper (Born on 23 October 1935 in Dundee) is a Scottish actor who is a graduate from, and now an Associate Member of, RADA.	Ewan Hooper	Dundee
place of birth	Charlie Ventura (born Charles Venturo; December 2, 1916 -- January 17, 1992) was a tenor saxophonist and bandleader from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Charlie Ventura	Philadelphia
place of birth	Daniele Mastrogiacomo (born on 30 September 1954, Karachi, Pakistan) is an Italian-Swiss journalist and a war correspondent for la Repubblica newspaper.	Daniele Mastrogiacomo	Karachi
place of birth	Pierre Perret (born 9 July 1934 in Castelsarrasin, Tarn-et-Garonne) is a French singer and composer.	Pierre Perret	Castelsarrasin
place of birth	Joan van Broekhuizen, Latinised as Janus Broukhusius (1649 -- 15 December 1707), Dutch classical scholar and poet, was born to simple parents in Amsterdam on the 20th of November 1649.	Joan van Broekhuizen	Amsterdam
place of birth	George Hubert Kemp, son of George and Margaret Kemp, was born in 1897 in Harrow, Middlesex, England.	George Hubert Kemp	Harrow
place of birth	Tama Janowitz (born April 12, 1957 San Francisco, California) is an American novelist and a short story writer.	Tama Janowitz	San Francisco
place of birth	Roger MacDougall (2 August 1910, in Glasgow -- 27 May 1993) was a Scottish playwright, screenwriter and director.	Roger MacDougall	Glasgow
place of birth	Beat Zberg (born May 10, 1971 in Altdorf, Uri) is a Swiss former professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Gerolsteiner.	Beat Zberg	Altdorf
place of birth	Cornelia (Keetie) Hage, known by her married name Keetie van Oosten-Hage, (born 21 August 1949) is a Dutch former cyclist from Sint-Maartensdijk, Zeeland.	Keetie van Oosten-Hage	Sint-Maartensdijk
place of birth	Victor Potel was born in Lafayette, Indiana in 1889, and his acting career goes back almost to the beginning of the commercial film industry in the United States.	Victor Potel	Lafayette
place of birth	Chellsie Memmel was born in West Allis, Wisconsin, and began gymnastics as soon as she could walk.	Chellsie Memmel	West Allis
place of birth	Jalal Khoury, born in Beirut, is a playwright, theatre director, comedian and artistic editor.	Jalal Khoury	Beirut
place of birth	Dale Hilson (born 23 December 1992 in Stirling) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Scottish Championship side Queen of the South.	Dale Hilson	Stirling
place of birth	James Zabiela is a DJ and producer from Southampton in England.	James Zabiela	Southampton
place of birth	Jodie Kidd (born 25 September 1978 in Guildford) is an English fashion model, racing car driver and television personality.	Jodie Kidd	Guildford
place of birth	Michael Dorfman (Ukrainian: Мiхаель Дорфман, Russian: Михаэль Дорфман Hebrew: מיכאל דורפמן‎) (born 17 September 1954, Lviv, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a writer, essayist, journalist, human rights activist and activist of Yiddish culture revivalist movement.	Michael Dorfman	Lviv
place of birth	Kåre Rønnes (born 13 January 1938 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian former football player and coach.	Kåre Rønnes	Trondheim
place of birth	Daniel Grady Faires (born July 29, 1983) is a contractor, interior designer and craftsman, who was born in Fayetteville, Arkansas.	Daniel Grady Faires	Fayetteville
place of birth	Joost Schmidt (Wunstorf, 5 January 1893 - Nürnberg, 2 December 1948) was a teacher or master at the Bauhaus and later a professor at the College of Visual Arts, Berlin.	Joost Schmidt	Wunstorf
place of birth	Johmari Logtenberg (born 22 February 1989 in Vanderbijlpark, Transvaal) is a former South African cricketer who played three Tests, 26 ODIs and two Twenty20 before she quit the sport in 2008.	Johmari Logtenberg	Vanderbijlpark
place of birth	Ian Greenwood (born 1985, in Leeds) is an English professional football coach currently working for Leeds United as a full-time academy coach.	Ian Greenwood	Leeds
place of birth	Theodor Holman (born 9 January 1953 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch journalist, presenter, and writer of Indo descent.	Theodor Holman	Amsterdam
place of birth	Mateusz Szałek (Polish pronunciation: (ma.ˈtɛu̯ʂ ˈʂa.wɛk); born 16 October 1991 in Szczecin) is a Polish football player who currently unemployed.	Mateusz Szałek	Szczecin
place of birth	He was the son of Elizabeth Frodsham, who was married to Edmund Bonner, a sawyer of Hanley in Worcestershire.	Edmund Bonner	Hanley
place of birth	Bryn Gunn (born August 21, 1958 in Kettering) is a former footballer who played as a full-back for a number of clubs between 1975 and 1996.	Bryn Gunn	Kettering
place of birth	Eddie Mukahanana born 9 March 1977 in Bulawayo Zimbabwe is a former Zimbabwean footballer.	Eddie Mukahanana	Bulawayo
place of birth	Hanna Ben Dov is an Israeli abstract painter born in Jerusalem in 1919, died in Paris in 2008.	Hanna Ben Dov	Jerusalem
place of birth	Magdalena Cielecka (born 20 February 1972 in Myszków) is a Polish film and theatre actress.	Magdalena Cielecka	Myszków
place of birth	Felipe Alves de Souza or simply Felipe Alves (born March 25, 1982 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who plays for Resende Futebol Clube.	Felipe Alves de Souza	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Priscilla Novaes Leone (born October 7, 1977 in Salvador, Bahia), better known as Pitty, is a Brazilian rock singer.	Pitty	Salvador
place of birth	German Cáceres (born San Salvador, July 9, 1954) is a Salvadoran composer of contemporary classical music and a musical conductor.	German Cáceres	San Salvador
place of birth	Joe Leonard (born August 4, 1932 in San Diego, California), is a retired American motorcycle racer and racecar driver.	Joe Leonard	San Diego
place of birth	Manfred Stahnke (born 30 October 1951) is a German composer and musicologist from Kiel.	Manfred Stahnke	Kiel
place of birth	Kurt Krakowian (born November 4, 1964 in Berwyn, Illinois) is an American former child actor and now is acting again on such shows as the relaunched Dallas.	Kurt Krakowian	Berwyn
place of birth	Elena Bouryka (born Moscow, July 29, 1983) is a Russian-born actress who currently lives and works in Italy.	Elena Bouryka	Moscow
place of birth	Vesna Cáceres (born May 5, 1971, Sisak, Yugoslavia) is a Czech composer, singer and accordionist.	Vesna Cáceres	Sisak
place of birth	Brandon Slay (born October 14, 1975 in Amarillo, Texas) won an Olympic gold medal for the United States in wrestling.	Brandon Slay	Amarillo
place of birth	Shayla Worley (born September 2, 1990 in Orlando, Florida) is an American artistic gymnast.	Shayla Worley	Orlando
place of birth	Robert Rehme (born 5 May 1935 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American film producer whose credits include the films Patriot Games, Clear and Present Danger and The General's Daughter.	Robert Rehme	Cincinnati
place of birth	Jennifer Jayne (14 November 1931 -- 23 April 2006) was an English film and television actress born in Yorkshire to theatrical parents.	Jennifer Jayne	Yorkshire
place of birth	Ken Leung was born in New York City and initially raised in the Two Bridges section of the Lower East Side of Manhattan.	Ken Leung	New York City
place of birth	Markus Toivonen (born 1979 in Helsinki) is the founding member of the Finnish folk/death metal band Ensiferum.	Markus Toivonen	Helsinki
place of birth	Kevin Hooks was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Yvonne, a state employee, and Robert Hooks, a director and actor who starred in many films in the 1970s.	Kevin Hooks	Philadelphia
place of birth	Hector Craig (1775 Paisley, Renfrewshire, Scotland -- January 31, 1842 Craigville, Orange County, New York) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York.	Hector Craig	Paisley
place of birth	Claude Thornhill (August 10, 1908 at Terre Haute, Indiana -- July 1, 1965, New Jersey) was an American pianist, arranger, composer, and bandleader.	Claude Thornhill	Terre Haute
place of birth	Carlos César Neves, known as Carlos César (born April 21, 1987 in Uberaba), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Atlético Mineiro.	Carlos César Neves	Uberaba
place of birth	Arnold Orville Beckman was born in Cullom, Illinois, a village of about 500 people in a farming community.	Arnold Orville Beckman	Cullom
place of birth	Mohamed Sendid (Arabic: محمد صنديد‎) (born in Oran) is a former Algerian football referee.	Mohamed Sendid	Oran
place of birth	Osvalda Giardi (born 19 December 1932, in Pisa) is a former Italian high jumper and pentathlete.	Osvalda Giardi	Pisa
place of birth	Po Par Gyi was born Nyunt Hlaing in Pathein, Ayeyarwady Division to San Pe, a Customs Inspector and his wife Hla.	Po Par Gyi	Pathein
place of birth	Shaiju Mon (born 16 May 1991 in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala) is an Indian football player who plays for Pailan Arrows in the I-League and the India U23 team.	Shaiju Mon	Thiruvananthapuram
place of birth	Doron Bell Jr. (born December 8, 1973 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian actor, musician, and singer.	Doron Bell	Montreal
place of birth	Henry Worth Thornton was the son of Henry Clay Thornton, a prominent Logansport, Indiana, lawyer, and Millamenta Comegys Worth.	Henry Worth Thornton	Logansport
place of birth	Rear Admiral Karen Flaherty is a native of Winsted, Connecticut, and joined the United States Navy as a Nurse Corps Candidate in July 1973.	Karen Flaherty	Connecticut
place of birth	Allan Kolski Horwitz (born 1952) is a South African poet who was born in Vryburg, and grew up in Cape Town.	Allan Kolski Horwitz	Vryburg
place of birth	Nadine Salameh (Arabic: نادين سلامة‎, born August 9, 1980 in Beirut, Lebanon), sometimes credited as Nadeen Salameh, is a Palestinian actress well known in Syria where she has lived and worked for most of her life.	Nadine Salameh	Beirut
place of birth	Barbara Owens (1934, Carrollton, IL -- 2008, San Jose, CA) was a psychological suspense writer.	Barbara Owens	Carrollton
place of birth	Said Rustamov was born in Yerevan where he spent his early years and went to primary school.	Said Rustamov	Yerevan
place of birth	Karel Janeček (born 26 July 1973 at Plzeň, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech mathematician, entrepreneur, anti-corruption campaigner and philanthropist.	Karel Janeček	Plzeň
place of birth	Esther Vilar (born Esther Margareta Katzen; September 16, 1935 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine-German writer.	Esther Vilar	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Bobby Estell (aka Bobby Bones) was born in Hot Springs, Arkansas, to Pamela Hurt, a single mother who became pregnant at age 15.	Bobby Bones	Hot Springs
place of birth	Javad Tabatabai (born 1945 in Tabriz), is Professor Emeritus and Vice Dean of the Faculty of Law and Political Science at the University of Tehran.	Javad Tabatabai	Tabriz
place of birth	Saswata Chatterjee (শাশ্বত চ্যাটার্জী; also known as Apu) is an Indian actor of television and films based in Kolkata.	Saswata Chatterjee	Kolkata
place of birth	Alfred Harold Whistler was born in 1896 in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire, the son of Alfred James Whistler, a clergyman, and his wife Mary Maud.	Harold Whistler	Theddlethorpe
place of birth	Ned Hollister (born in Delavan, Wisconsin on November 26, 1876; died November 3, 1924) was an American biologist primarily known for studying mammals.	Ned Hollister	Delavan
place of birth	Frederick Rousseau (born 1958, Paris) belongs to the generation that witnessed the beginning of new-age music and the explosion of technologic applications to the entertainment world.	Frederick Rousseau	Paris
place of birth	Shi Jun (Chinese: 石俊; Pinyin: Shí Jùn; born 9 October 1982 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese footballer who plays as a striker.	Shi Jun	Dalian
place of birth	Ali Mema (born 1 February 1943 in Tiranë) is a former Albanian footballer who played for 17 Nëntori Tirana for the majority of his career as well as the Albanian national team, whom he earned 14 senior caps with.	Ali Mema	Tirana
place of birth	The Cherry People's origins go back to the Barnaby Terrace neighborhood of Southeast Washington D.C. where original members Chris and Doug Grimes, Punky Meadows, and Larry Gray were raised on the Beatles and the early wave of the British Invasion.	Punky Meadows	Washington D.C.
place of birth	George C. Baker (born 1951 in Dallas, Texas) is an American organist, composer, pedagogue, and dermatologist.	George C. Baker	Dallas
place of birth	Paul Shambroom (born Teaneck, New Jersey 1956) is an American photographer and graduate from the Minneapolis College of Art and Design whose work explores power in its various forms.	Paul Shambroom	Teaneck
place of birth	Born in Itabuna, Bahia, Sammir joined Atlético Paranaense's youth setup in 2001, aged 14, after a brief period at Atlético Mineiro.	Sammir	Itabuna
place of birth	Renato Marchiaro (born February 16, 1919 in Bra) was an Italian professional football player.	Renato Marchiaro	Bra
place of birth	Bohumil Andrejko (born 10 February 1953 in Stropkov, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak football coach and former striker.	Bohumil Andrejko	Stropkov
place of birth	Oh Ji-hwan (Hangul: 오지환, Hanja: 吳志煥; born March 12, 1990 in Gunsan, Jeollabuk-do) is a South Korean shortstop who plays for the LG Twins in the Korea Baseball Organization.	Oh Ji-hwan	Gunsan
place of birth	Dan Christensen, the American abstract painter, was born in Cozad, Nebraska on October 6, 1942, he died in Easthampton, New York on January 20, 2007.	Dan Christensen	Cozad
place of birth	Lúcio Carlos Cajueiro Souza (born 20 June 1979 in Olinda, Recife, Pernambuco), commonly known as Lúcio, is a Brazilian footballer, currently playing for Santa Cruz.	Lúcio Carlos Cajueiro Souza	Recife
place of birth	Alyaksandr Khatskevich (Belarusian: Аляксандр Хацкевіч, born 19 October 1973, in Minsk) is a Belarusian football player and a former player of the Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv.	Alyaksandr Khatskevich	Minsk
place of birth	Bishop Nikodim Milaš was born at Šibenik in Dalmatia (then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire) on the 4th of April 1845 to Trifun and Maria Milaš (Serbian father and Italian mother).	Nikodim Milaš	Šibenik
place of birth	Jean-François Caron (born May 21, 1957 in Loos-en-Gohelle, Pas-de-Calais) is a French politician and a member of Europe Écologie--	Jean-François Caron	Loos-en-Gohelle
place of birth	Renée Pietrafesa Bonnet (Montevideo, December 17, 1938) is a French/Uruguayan composer, pianist, organist, harpsichordist and conductor.	Renée Pietrafesa Bonnet	Montevideo
place of birth	Achille Deyrolle (Lille, 1813--1865) was a French entomologist mainly interested in Coleoptera.	Achille Deyrolle	Lille
place of birth	Twining was born in Boscobel, Wisconsin, on 17 January 1869, the son of Nathan Crook Twining (sr.) (1834--1924) and his second wife, Mary Jane Rennie.	Nathan Crook Twining	Boscobel
place of birth	Katja Kraus (born 23 November 1970 in Offenbach am Main) is a German former footballer and the first German woman to be a board member of a Fußball-Bundesliga club, Hamburger SV.	Katja Kraus	Offenbach am Main
place of birth	Andreas Latzko (Hungarian: Latzkó Andor; September 1, 1876, Budapest, Hungary -- September 11, 1943, New York) was an Austrian Jewish pacifist, novelist and biographer.	Andreas Latzko	Budapest
place of birth	Maksim Gruznov (Russian: Максим Грузнов) (born 21 April 1974 in Narva) is an Estonian football striker.	Maksim Gruznov	Narva
place of birth	Julien Ictoi (born 22 March 1978 in Poissy) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Le Moule on the island of Guadeloupe in the Guadeloupe Division d'Honneur.	Julien Ictoi	Poissy
place of birth	John Stringfellow (1799 - 13 December 1883) was born in Sheffield, England and is known for his work on the Aerial Steam Carriage with William Samuel Henson.	John Stringfellow	Sheffield
place of birth	Born Orazio Costa Giovangigli in Rome, Costa graduated at the Silvio d’Amico Academy of Dramatic Arts in 1937, and after being assistant director of Jacques Copeau, in 1945 he started a long career as theatre director.	Orazio Costa	Rome
place of birth	Agustí Villaronga was born on 4 April 1953 in Palma de Mallorca, his grandparents had been itinerant puppeteers and his father was a child of the Spanish civil war, a fact that would resurface repeatedly in the director's filmography.	Agustí Villaronga	Palma
place of birth	Thomas J. Manton was born in New York City and of Irish descent.	Thomas J. Manton	New York City
place of birth	Presley O'Bannon was born in Fauquier County, Virginia to William O'Bannon, a captain of the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War.	Presley O'Bannon	Fauquier County
place of birth	Ilie Șteflea was born in Săliște (near Sibiu, Transylvania, at the time part of Austria-Hungary).	Ilie Șteflea	Săliște
place of birth	Róża Berger born Reizel Leser (20 June 1889 -- 11 August 1945) was the only victim of the 1945 Kraków pogrom.	Róża Berger	Kraków
place of birth	Joseph H. Tucker was born in New York in 1819, the son of a Baptist minister.	Joseph H. Tucker	New York
place of birth	Walter Trout (born March 6, 1951, Ocean City, New Jersey, United States) is an American blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Walter Trout	Ocean City, New Jersey
place of birth	Charles Calhoun was born April 20, 1925 in Ocean City, Maryland and lived very close to the coast throughout his childhood.	Charles Calhoun	Ocean City
place of birth	Walisinghe Harischandra was born to the family of Walisinghe Hendrick de Silva and Pehandi Marthnanda de Silva Gunasekera in Negombo on 9 July 1876.	Walisinghe Harischandra	Negombo
place of birth	Jorinde Voigt (born January 19, 1977, Frankfurt am Main) is a German artist who works in drawing, text, painting and installation.	Jorinde Voigt	Frankfurt
place of birth	Marco Bandiera (born 12 June 1984 in Castelfranco Veneto) is an Italian road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team Androni-Sidermec.	Marco Bandiera	Castelfranco Veneto
place of birth	Hassan Tabatabaei Qomi, the son of the Grand Ayatollah Qomi from Mashhad remains under house arrest in 1984-2007.	Hassan Tabatabaei Qomi	Mashhad
place of birth	Ufuoma Ejenobor was born in Benin City to Nigerian parents who hail from Delta State in Nigeria.	Ufuoma Ejenobor	Benin City
place of birth	Matilda Sturridge is an English actress born in London in May 1988.	Matilda Sturridge	London
place of birth	Richard Egielski (born July 16, 1952 in New York City) is an American illustrator and writer, best known for illustrating children's picture books.	Richard Egielski	New York City
place of birth	He is also commonly referred to as Emicho of Leiningen or Emich of Flonheim.	Emicho	Flonheim
place of birth	Borja González Tomás (born 25 August 1992), known simply as Borja and sometimes nicknamed Bastón, is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Eibar on loan from Atlético Madrid as a striker.	Borja González	Madrid
place of birth	António Sardinha (9 September 1887 in Monforte, Portalegre - 10 January 1925 in Elvas) was a Portuguese writer and the main intellectual behind the Integralismo Lusitano movement.	António Sardinha	Monforte
place of birth	Kemal Gekić (born in 1962, in Split, Croatia, then Yugoslavia) is a Croatian-born American concert pianist and Full Professor of Piano Performance at Florida International University in Miami, Florida, USA.	Kemal Gekić	Split
place of birth	Ève Landry (born June 5, 1985 in Saint-Pascal, Quebec) is an actress from Quebec.	Ève Landry	Saint-Pascal
place of birth	Chema Madoz studied Art History at Universidad Complutense de Madrid between 1980 and 1983.	Chema Madoz	Madrid
place of birth	Phil Ochs was born in El Paso, Texas, to Jacob (``Jack'') Ochs, a physician who was born in New York on August 11, 1910, and Gertrude Phin Ochs, who was born on February 26, 1912 in Scotland.	Phil Ochs	El Paso
place of birth	Joseph Shabalala (born 28 August 1941), born Bhekizizwe Joseph Siphatimandla Mxoveni Mshengu Bigboy Shabalala, is the founder and musical director of the South African choral group Ladysmith Black Mambazo.	Joseph Shabalala	Ladysmith
place of birth	Robert Lathouwers (born 8 July 1983 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch athlete who mainly focuses on the 400 and 800 metres.	Robert Lathouwers	Rotterdam
place of birth	Marie Forså or Maria Lynn (born Inga Forså, 13 December 1956 in Farsta) is a Swedish actress active in Europe the mid-1970s.	Marie Forså	Farsta
place of birth	Jason Griffiths (born 22 March 1987 in Bracknell) is an English footballer.	Jason Griffiths	Bracknell
place of birth	Trương Thanh Hằng (born 1 May 1986 in Ho Chi Minh City) is a Vietnamese track and field athlete who specialises in middle-distance running events.	Trương Thanh Hằng	Ho Chi Minh City
place of birth	Louis III, Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine (German: Großherzog Ludwig III von Hessen und bei Rhein; 9 June 1806, Darmstadt -- 13 June 1877, Seeheim) was Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine from 1848 until his death in 1877.	Louis III, Grand Duke of Hesse	Darmstadt
place of birth	Lionel Rogg (born Geneva, April 21 1936) is a Swiss organist, composer and teacher of musical theory.	Lionel Rogg	Geneva
place of birth	Gabriela Petrova (Bulgarian: Габриела Петрова; born 29 June 1992 in Haskovo) is a Bulgarian athlete specialising in the triple jump.	Gabriela Petrova	Haskovo
place of birth	Ramji (born in thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, India) ( presently in Chennai ) is an Indian film cinematographer, who has worked with directors such as Sangeeth Sivan, Selvaraghavan and Ameer Sultan.	Ramji	Chennai
place of birth	Will Lammert was born in Hagen in 1892, the son of a machinist.	Will Lammert	Hagen
place of birth	Ľuboš Šoška (born December 21, 1977 in Žilina) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1990s to mid-2000s (decade).	Ľuboš Šoška	Žilina
place of birth	Maciej Bykowski (born February 22, 1977 in Elbląg) is a Polish professional footballer.	Maciej Bykowski	Elbląg
place of birth	Gerard Carbonara (born December 8, 1886, New York City, New York; d. January 11, 1959, Sherman Oaks, California) was an American composer, conductor, opera coach and concert violinist.	Gerard Carbonara	New York City
place of birth	Raoul Aragon was a Filipino actor in drama and action movies in the Philippines.	Raoul Aragon	Philippines
place of birth	Jonathan Crawford (12 March 1990, in Glasgow) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Montrose.	Jonathan Crawford	Glasgow
place of birth	Augustus William, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (German: August Wilhelm) (8 March 1662 -- 23 March 1731) ruled over the Wolfenbüttel subdivision of the duchy from 1714 until his death.	Augustus William, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg	Wolfenbüttel
place of birth	Abdelkader Chaou (born November 10, 1941, in the Casbah of Algiers) is an Algerian chaabi music interpreter.	Abdelkader Chaou	Algiers
place of birth	Ralph Richard Banks grew up in Cleveland, Ohio, and graduated from high school in 1983.	Ralph Richard Banks	Cleveland
place of birth	Julia Scher (born 1954, Hollywood) is an American artist who works primarily with themes of surveillance.	Julia Scher	Hollywood
place of birth	David Boui (born 28 June 1988 in Bangui) is a Central African Republican taekwondo practitioner.	David Boui	Bangui
place of birth	George Pocheptsov, who is sometimes also referred to as ``Georgie'', was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1992 to Ukrainian parents.	George Pocheptsov	Philadelphia
place of birth	Felix Feodosidi (Greek: Φήλιξ Θεοδοσίδης) was born July 31, 1933 in Kislovodsk.	Felix Feodosidi	Kislovodsk
place of birth	Kateřina Holubcová-Jakešová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkatɛr̝ɪna ˈɦoluptsovaː)) (born June 28, 1976 in Ústí nad Labem) is a former Czech biathlete.	Kateřina Holubcová	Ústí nad Labem
place of birth	Michel Becquet (born 4 February 1954 Limoges) is a French trombonist and professor at the Conservatoire de Lyon.	Michel Becquet	Limoges
place of birth	Urmas Kruuse (born 14 July 1965 in Elva) is an Estonian politician and the Minister of Rural Affairs in Taavi Rõivas' second cabinet.	Urmas Kruuse	Elva
place of birth	Claude Nobs (February 4, 1936 -- January 10, 2013) was the founder and general manager of the Montreux Jazz Festival.	Claude Nobs	Montreux
place of birth	Marko Mirić (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Мирић; born 26 March 1987 in Kragujevac) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Sporting Lokeren in the Jupiler Pro League as a winger.	Marko Mirić	Kragujevac
place of birth	Abu Sa'id al-Afif was a Samaritan physician in fifteenth century Cairo.	Abu Sa'id al-Afif	Cairo
place of birth	Mariusz Kukiełka (born 7 November 1976 in Tarnobrzeg) is a Polish footballer (midfielder).	Mariusz Kukiełka	Tarnobrzeg
place of birth	Yvonne Blake (Born 1941 in Manchester) is a British-born Spanish costume designer.	Yvonne Blake	Manchester
place of birth	John De Andrea was born in Denver, Colorado on November 24, 1941 and is an American sculptor, known for realistic sculptures of human figures, dressed and nude in true-to-life postures.	John De Andrea	Denver
place of birth	Mei Fang started his football career with Wuhan Guanggu in 2008 when he was promoted to the first team.	Mei Fang	Wuhan
place of birth	Onomacritus (Greek: Ὀνομάκριτος; c. 530 -- 480 BCE), also known as Onomacritos or Onomakritos, was a Greek chresmologue, or compiler of oracles, who lived at the court of the tyrant Pisistratus in Athens.	Onomacritus	Athens
place of birth	Leopold Neubauer (born 15 October 1889 in Vienna, date of death unknown) was an Austrian international footballer who played as a striker.	Leopold Neubauer	Vienna
place of birth	Wilhelm Baur or Wilhelm Baur de Betaz (Metz, 17 February 1883 - Lindelfels, 26 May 1964) was a German Lieutenant General (Generalleutnant) of the Heer during Second World War.	Wilhelm Baur	Metz
place of birth	Simon Cho was born in Seoul, South Korea and moved to the United States as an illegal immigrant with his parents at the age of four and settled in Chicago.	Simon Cho	Seoul
place of birth	Korey Veeder (born October 3, 1991 in St. Petersburg, Florida) is an American soccer player who is currently without a club.	Korey Veeder	St. Petersburg
place of birth	Franjo Džidić is famous footballer and football coach from Mostar, Bosnia and Hercegovina.	Franjo Džidić	Mostar
place of birth	Heinz Stettler (March 1, 1952 in Regensdorf - May 24, 2006) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed during the early to mid-1980s.	Heinz Stettler	Regensdorf
place of birth	Miguel Ángel Blanco was born on 13 May 1968 in Ermua (Biscay) into a humble family.	Miguel Ángel Blanco	Ermua
place of birth	Robert Glasper (born April 5, 1978, in Houston, Texas) is an American jazz pianist and record producer.	Robert Glasper	Houston
place of birth	Born Karen Birgitte Federspiel in Copenhagen, she was the daughter of actor Ejner Federspiel and Gunver Fönss.	Birgitte Federspiel	Copenhagen
place of birth	Kelly Chen (born Vivian Chen Wai-man on 13 September 1972) is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer and actress.	Kelly Chen	Hong Kong
place of birth	János Gálvölgyi was born on 26 May 1948 in Budapest as the son of János Gálvölgyi and Mária Gumbinger.	János Gálvölgyi	Budapest
place of birth	George Kotaka (born July 28, 1977, Honolulu, Hawaii, United States) he is a Japanese American karateka.	George Kotaka	Honolulu
place of birth	Volodymyr Sinclair was born in the city of Margilan (present-day Uzbekistan) the former city of Kokand Khanate.	Volodymyr Sinclair	Margilan
place of birth	Eoin O'Duffy was born Owen O'Duffy in Lough Egish, near Castleblayney, County Monaghan.	Eoin O'Duffy	County Monaghan
place of birth	Joseph M. Baumgarten (Vienna, September 7, 1928 -- December 4, 2008) was a Semitic scholar known for his knowledge in the field of Jewish legal texts from biblical law to Mishnaic law and including the legal texts among the Dead Sea Scrolls.	Joseph M. Baumgarten	Vienna
place of birth	Clemerson de Araújo Soares, best known as Araújo (born 8 August 1977 in Caruaru, PE) is a Brazilian footballer.	Clemerson de Araújo Soares	Caruaru
place of birth	Omar Sachedina was born and raised in greater Vancouver in an Ismaili Muslim household.	Omar Sachedina	Vancouver
place of birth	Zang Jialiang (Chinese: 臧嘉亮; pinyin: Zāng Jiāliàng; born January 12, 1988 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese curler who trains in Harbin.	Zang Jialiang	Harbin
place of birth	Viktor Paço (born 14 February 1974 in Vlorë) is a former Albanian international football (soccer) player.	Viktor Paço	Vlorë
place of birth	Eutychides (Greek: Εὐτυχίδης Eftichidis) of Sicyon in Corinthia, Greek sculptor of the latter part of the 4th century BC, was a pupil of Lysippus.	Eutychides	Sicyon
place of birth	Lt. José Azueta Abad (Acapulco, Guerrero; May 2, 1895 -- Veracruz, May 10, 1914), usually known as José Azueta, was a Mexican Navy Lieutenant who became famous for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz, where he was fatally wounded.	José Azueta	Acapulco
place of birth	Artnant Tahirllari (born 12 February 1992 in Korçë) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a striker for Luftëtari Gjirokastër, on loan from Skënderbeu Korçë.	Artnant Tahirllari	Korçë
place of birth	William Golding was born in his grandmother's house, 47 Mount Wise, Newquay, Cornwall, and he spent many childhood holidays there.	William Golding	Cornwall
place of birth	Julie Kenner (born in Mountain View, California) is a USA Today bestselling American author of romance and fantasy novels.	Julie Kenner	Mountain View
place of birth	Dmitry Borisovich Prusakov) (born 31 July 1965, Moscow) is a Russian Egyptologist with Doktor nauk of history.	Dmitry Borisovich Prusakov	Moscow
place of birth	Eleanor Calvert was born in 1758 at the Calvert family's Mount Airy plantation near Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County, Maryland.	Eleanor Calvert	Upper Marlboro
place of birth	Heiko Triebener (born November 24, 1964 in Berlin) is a German classical tubist.	Heiko Triebener	Berlin
place of birth	Albert Streit (born Albert Ursachi 28 March 1980 in Bucharest) is a former Romanian-born German former footballer.	Albert Streit	Bucharest
place of birth	Beatrix Balogh (born December 12, 1974 in Kaposvár) is a Hungarian handballer, European champion and Olympic silver medalist.	Beatrix Balogh	Kaposvár
place of birth	Harm van Veldhoven (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦɑrm vɐn ˈvɛlt.ˌɦoː.və(n)); born 28 September 1962 in Luyksgestel) is a Dutch-Belgian football manager who is currently unemployed after last managing Westerlo.	Harm van Veldhoven	Luyksgestel
place of birth	Reagan Louie (born 1951, San Francisco, California) is an American photographer and artist whose photography and installations explore cross-cultural identity and global transformation in Asia and in Asian communities in the United States.	Reagan Louie	San Francisco
place of birth	Paul Brooks Davis (aka ``Paul Davis'', born 1938 in Centrahoma, Oklahoma) is an American graphic artist.	Paul Brooks Davis	Centrahoma, Oklahoma
place of birth	Sarah Seager (born in 1958 Springfield, Massachusetts) is a conceptual artist associated with the California Conceptualism movement of the late 1980s through mid-1990s based out of Los Angeles, California.	Sarah Seager	Springfield
place of birth	Alexandra Mendès (born November 3, 1963 in Lisbon, Portugal) is a Canadian Liberal politician, currently serving as the Member of Parliament for the riding of Brossard--	Alexandra Mendès	Lisbon
place of birth	Patrick M. Byrne (born 1962, Fort Wayne, Indiana,) is an American entrepreneur, e-commerce pioneer and CEO of Overstock.com.	Patrick M. Byrne	Fort Wayne
place of birth	Miloš Vasić (Serbian: Милош Васић, born 10 January 1991 in Loznica) is a Serbian rower.	Miloš Vasić	Loznica
place of birth	Born as Dora Voicu to Viorica Pop and Eugen Voicu, both teachers, Dora Pavel graduated from the Decebal College in Deva (1964), and the Faculty of Letters of the Babeş-Bolyai University in Cluj (1969).	Dora Pavel	Deva
place of birth	Luis Guinot, Jr. (born April 8, 1935 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) was the former United States Ambassador to the Central American nation of Costa Rica from 1991 to 1993.	Luis Guinot	San Juan
place of birth	Eric Staller was born in 1947 in Mineola, New York; he is the oldest of five children.	Eric Staller	New York
place of birth	Christina Petrowska-Quilico (born Christina Elena Petrowska; December 30, 1948 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian pianist.	Christina Petrowska-Quilico	Ottawa
place of birth	Dore Gold was born in 1953 in Hartford, Connecticut, in the United States, and was raised in a Conservative Jewish home.	Dore Gold	Hartford
place of birth	Raimondas Vilčinskas (born July 5, 1977 in Panevėžys) is a retired Lithuanian professional road and track cyclist.	Raimondas Vilčinskas	Panevėžys
place of birth	Dean Potter was born in 1972 to an Army officer in a military hospital at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas and grew up in New Hampshire.	Dean Potter	New Hampshire
place of birth	Clive Rowe (27 March 1964, Oldham, Lancashire) is a British actor, probably best known for his role as Norman ``Duke'' Ellington in BBC Children's drama The Story of Tracy Beaker.	Clive Rowe	Oldham
place of birth	Volker Zotz was born in Landau in der Pfalz, Germany, where he attended elementary school and high school.	Volker Zotz	Landau in der Pfalz
place of birth	Vasilis Tsivilikas (Thessaloniki, January 17 1942 - Athens, February 29 2012) was a Greek comedy actor with significant appearances in the Greek film industry, television and especially theater.	Vasilis Tsivilikas	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Sonya Clark (born 1967, Washington, D.C.) is an American artist of Afro-Caribbean heritage.	Sonya Clark	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Born in Pradópolis, São Paulo, Cicinho won the Club World Cup in 2005 while playing for São Paulo.	Cicinho	Pradópolis
place of birth	Bettina Soriat (born 16 March 1967, Linz) is an Austrian singer.	Bettina Soriat	Linz
place of birth	Étiemble (René Ernest Joseph Eugène Étiemble, Chinese name: 安田樸), (26 January 1909 in Mayenne, Mayenne -- 7 January 2002 in Vigny) was an essayist, scholar, novelist, and promoter of Middle Eastern and Asian cultures.	Étiemble	Mayenne
place of birth	Claes Oldenburg was born on January 28, 1929 in Stockholm, the son of Gösta Oldenburg and his wife Sigrid Elisabeth née Lindforss.	Claes Oldenburg	Stockholm
place of birth	Niall Morris, born in Dublin, is a well-known Irish classical singer.	Niall Morris	Dublin
place of birth	Nan Yunqi (Chinese: 南云齐, born 6 October 1993 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Transcendence in the China League Two.	Nan Yunqi	Dalian
place of birth	Balázs Farkas-Jenser (30 May 1990, Budapest - ) is a Hungarian singer, guitarist, and songwriter.	Balázs Farkas-Jenser	Budapest
place of birth	Michelangelo Anselmi (c. 1492 -- c. 1554) was an Italian Renaissance-Mannerist painter active mostly in Parma.	Michelangelo Anselmi	Parma
place of birth	Gaston Salasiwa (born 31 Augustus 1986 in Zaandam) is a Dutch professional footballer of Indonesian-Moluccan descent who plays as a left Back for Almere City in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Gaston Salasiwa	Zaandam
place of birth	Michel Shehadeh born in 1956, in Amman, Jordan), to a Palestinian Christians family, is the Palestinian-American executive director of the Arab Film Festival and the former Western Regional director of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee (1996-2003).	Michel Shehadeh	Amman
place of birth	Patrick Veszpremi (born 1 September 1989) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Western Bulldogs and Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League Originally from Bundoora, Victoria, Veszpremi was drafted to the Swans from the Northern Knights in the TAC Cup with the 11th selection in the 2007 AFL Draft.	Patrick Veszpremi	Bundoora, Victoria
place of birth	Paul Follenius (May 5, 1799 -- October 3, 1844) was a German-American attorney and farmer, who had founded the Gießener Auswanderungsgesellschaft (Gießen Emigration Society).	Paul Follen	Gießen
place of birth	Lior Bakshi (Hebrew: ליאור בקשי‎; born 13 July 1989 in Israel) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan.	Lior Bakshi	Israel
place of birth	Hubertus Knabe (born 1959 in Unna, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German historian and the scientific director of the Berlin-Hohenschönhausen Memorial, a museum and memorial in a notorious former Stasi torture prison in Berlin.	Hubertus Knabe	Unna
place of birth	Luca Banti (born 27 March 1974 in Livorno) is an Italian football referee.	Luca Banti	Livorno
place of birth	Henry Hartigan VC (March 1826 -- 29 October 1886) was born Drumlea, Enniskillen, County Fermanagh and was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Henry Hartigan	Enniskillen
place of birth	Sheldon Jay Bachrach (born April 7, 1944, in Detroit, Michigan), or Shel Bachrach for short, is an American insurance broker, investor, businessman and philanthropist.	Shel Bachrach	Detroit
place of birth	Joseph-Marie Lo Duca (originally Giuseppe Lo Duca) was born in Milan (Italy) in 1905 or 1910 to a family of Sicilian origin.	Joseph-Marie Lo Duca	Milan
place of birth	Morena Baccarin was born in Rio de Janeiro to parents of Italian descent.	Morena Baccarin	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	The eldest of three children, Clara Zetkin was born Clara Josephine Eissner in Wiederau, a peasant village in Saxony, now part of the municipality Königshain-Wiederau.	Clara Zetkin	Königshain-Wiederau
place of birth	Josef Maria Auchentaller (2 August 1865--31 December 1949) was an Austrian painter, draftsman, and printmaker associated with the Vienna Secession and the Art Nouveau style.	Josef Maria Auchentaller	Vienna
place of birth	Edward Stachura was born on 18 August 1937 to a family of Polish emigrants in Charvieu-Chavagneux, department of Isère, in eastern France.	Edward Stachura	Charvieu-Chavagneux
place of birth	Hidenari Kanayama (born 26 September 1990 in Sapporo) is a Japanese luger.	Hidenari Kanayama	Sapporo
place of birth	Kustaa Rovio (23 January 1887, Saint Petersburg - 21 April 1938) was a Finnish Communist politician who fled to the Russian SFSR after the Finnish Civil War.	Kustaa Rovio	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Peter Kremer (born February 18, 1958 in Brilon, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German theatre and television actor.	Peter Kremer	Brilon
place of birth	Matthias Klemm (born May 8, 1941 in Bromberg (Bydgoszcz)) is a German painter and graphic artist.	Matthias Klemm	Bydgoszcz
place of birth	NiCole Robinson (born April 12, 1972 in Burley, Idaho) is an American stand-up comedian and actress.	NiCole Robinson	Burley
place of birth	Grigol Mgaloblishvili was born in Tbilisi, the capital of the then-Soviet Georgia, to the family of intelligentsia.	Grigol Mgaloblishvili	Tbilisi
place of birth	According to the former Atze Schröder home page, the character ``Atze Schröder'' was born on 27 September 1965 in the German city of Essen.	Atze Schröder	Essen
place of birth	Kenny G was born in Seattle, Washington, to Jewish parents (his mother was originally from Saskatchewan, Canada) and grew up in the city's Seward Park neighborhood, which is a center of the city's Jewish community.	Kenny G	Seattle
place of birth	Tété is a French musician, born in Dakar, Senegal on 25 July 1975.	Tété	Dakar
place of birth	Born Jacqueline MacInnes Wood in Windsor, Ontario, the daughter of Sandy, She is of French, Native American, Scottish and Brazilian ancestry.	Jacqueline MacInnes Wood	Windsor
place of birth	Casey Malone (born 6 April 1977 in Wheat Ridge, Colorado) is an American discus thrower.	Casey Malone	Wheat Ridge
place of birth	Cristina Casandra, née Iloc (born 1 February 1977 in Zalău) is a Romanian long-distance runner who specializes mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Cristina Casandra	Zalău
place of birth	Auguste Richard de la Hautière, who dropped his aristocratic-sounding 'de' and went by 'Richard Lahautière', was born in Paris on May 21, 1813.	Richard Lahautière	Paris
place of birth	Myles Hogarth (born 30 March 1975 in Falkirk) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently is currently playing for Camelon Juniors F.C..	Myles Hogarth	Falkirk
place of birth	Elisha Obed (born February 21, 1952 in Nassau, Bahamas) was a Bahamian boxer at middleweight.	Elisha Obed	Nassau
place of birth	Edinaldo Batista Libânio (born 2 April 1979 in Campo Limpo Paulista, São Paulo), commonly known as Grafite (pronounced (ɡɾaˈfit͡ɕ)) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Brazilian club Santa Cruz.	Grafite	Campo Limpo Paulista
place of birth	Hélène Carrère d'Encausse (born 6 July 1929 in Paris as Hélène Zourabichvili) is the permanent secretary of the Académie française and a historian specializing in Russian history.	Hélène Carrère d'Encausse	Paris
place of birth	Mars Williams (born May 28, 1955 in Elmhurst, Illinois) is an American jazz and rock saxophonist.	Mars Williams	Elmhurst
place of birth	William George Hoskins was born at 26--28 St David's Hill, Exeter, Devon on 22 May 1908: his father, like his grandfather, was a baker.	William George Hoskins	Exeter
place of birth	Lee Bok-hee (also Lee Bok-hui, Korean: 이 복희; born December 13, 1978 in Seoul) is a South Korean judoka, who competed in the women's half-middleweight category.	Lee Bok-hee	Seoul
place of birth	Conny Bloom is the stage name for Ulf Conny Blomqvist, (born 23 November 1964 in Stockholm) who is a Swedish guitarist and songwriter.	Conny Bloom	Stockholm
place of birth	Will Traynor (born February 24, 1989 in St. Charles, Missouri) is an American soccer player.	Will Traynor	St. Charles, Missouri
place of birth	Csézy, real name Erzsébet Csézi (born on 9 October 1979 in Mezőkövesd) is a Hungarian pop singer.	Csézy	Mezőkövesd
place of birth	James Whitcomb Riley was born on October 7, 1849, in the town of Greenfield, Indiana, the third of the six children of Reuben Andrew and Elizabeth Marine Riley.	James Whitcomb Riley	Greenfield
place of birth	Valentin Demyanenko (Ukrainian: Валентин Дем'яненко), born 23 October 1983 in Cherkasy, is a Ukrainian and Azerbaijani flatwater canoer and former C-1 200m world champion.	Valentin Demyanenko	Cherkasy
place of birth	Sebastiaan Bremer (born 27 June 1970 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch artist who lives and works in New York City.	Sebastiaan Bremer	Amsterdam
place of birth	Manan Chandra (born 28 February 1981 in New Delhi) is an internationally notable Indian amateur snooker and pool player.	Manan Chandra	New Delhi
place of birth	Martin Sköld (born 2 October 1970 in Sparreholm, Södermanland) is a Swedish musician who plays bass and keyboards in the Swedish alternative rock band Kent.	Martin Sköld	Sparreholm
place of birth	Dan Cragg (born September 6, 1939 in Rochester, NY) is an American soldier, essayist, and science-fiction author.	Dan Cragg	Rochester
place of birth	Ole Anthon Olsen (September 14, 1889 in Copenhagen -- March 17, 1972 in Gentofte) was a Danish amateur football player, who played in the forward position.	Anthon Olsen	Copenhagen
place of birth	The capital city of the Tawantinsuyu was in Cuzco, and Huayna Capac hoped to establish a northern stronghold in the city of Tumebamba.	Huayna Capac	Tumebamba
place of birth	Richard Kallee (* 18 December 1854 in Ludwigsburg, † 15 July 1933 in Feuerbach) was a German Protestant pastor.	Richard Kallee	Ludwigsburg
place of birth	Peter Kramer (physicist) (born 1933 in Quedlinburg) is a German physicist.	Peter Kramer (physicist)	Quedlinburg
place of birth	Stanley Tigerman (born September 20, 1930 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American architect, theorist and designer.	Stanley Tigerman	Chicago
place of birth	Elvis Crespo Díaz (born July 30, 1971 in New York City) is an American-born Puerto Rican Grammy and Latin Grammy Award-winning Merengue singer.	Elvis Crespo	New York City
place of birth	Ramadan Ramadani (1944--2005) was a distinguished Kosovar painter from Ferizaj, Kosovo (for most of his life), a town southwest of Kosovo's capital city Pristina.	Ramadan Ramadani	Ferizaj
place of birth	Susan Yankowitz (Newark, New Jersey, February 20, 1941) is an American dramatist.	Susan Yankowitz	Newark
place of birth	Ada Choi (born 17 September 1973) is a Hong Kong actress best known for her work for TVB television, and to a lesser extent, for her film work.	Ada Choi	Hong Kong
place of birth	A San Luis Potosí native, Roldán was born Emma Roldán Reyna to hotel owners José María Roldán and Virginia Reyna, the second of four siblings.	Emma Roldán	San Luis Potosí
place of birth	Larry Heinemann (born 1944) is an American novelist born and raised in Chicago.	Larry Heinemann	Chicago
place of birth	Marcelo Augusto Mathias da Silva (born 26 August 1991 in Juiz de Fora), commonly known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Defender and is currently is a Free Agent.	Marcelo Augusto Mathias da Silva	Juiz de Fora
place of birth	Kathleen Finneran (born December 3, 1957 in St. Louis, Missouri), is an American author.	Kathleen Finneran	St. Louis
place of birth	Hubert Wołąkiewicz (born October 21, 1985 in Skarżysko-Kamienna) is a Polish professional footballer who plays for Cracovia as a defender.	Hubert Wołąkiewicz	Skarżysko-Kamienna
place of birth	Hilmar Weilandt (born September 29, 1966 in Stralsund) is a former East German international footballer.	Hilmar Weilandt	Stralsund
place of birth	Vladimir Breitchev (born December 16, 1958 in Samokov) is a Bulgarian ski jumper that came at the 19th place in the Olympic Games in the K-70 metre hill in 1984.	Vladimir Breitchev	Samokov
place of birth	Pamela Lincoln (born Pamela Gill; June 19, 1937 in Los Angeles, California to actress Verna Hillie and writer Frank Gill Jr.) is an American actress who has played many roles in television and film.	Pamela Lincoln	Los Angeles
place of birth	Jonathan Solomons (born 16 January 1976 in Cape Town is a South African football (soccer) winger for Vodacom League club Milano United The Cape Town native, who made his professional debut in 1994 at Hellenic, spent 2006-07 struggling with injury at Celtic, and started in only three cup games while there.	Jonathan Solomons	Cape Town
place of birth	Gary A. Tanaka (born June 23, 1943, in Hunt, Idaho) is a Japanese-American businessman, sportsman and philanthropist who co-founded the investment company Amerindo Investment Advisors in 1979 along with Alberto Vilar.	Gary A. Tanaka	Hunt, Idaho
place of birth	Ljudmila Ninova-Rudoll (Bulgarian: Людмила Нинова, Lyudmila Ninova; born 25 June 1960 in Kula, Bulgaria) is a retired Bulgarian--	Ljudmila Ninova	Kula
place of birth	Raven De La Croix (born Lynn Christie Ann Martin on August 24, 1947 in Manhattan, New York City, U.S.) is an actress known for her lead role in the 1976 Russ Meyer film Up!.	Raven De La Croix	New York City
place of birth	Jaeson Ma was born on November 11, 1980 in Lubbock, Texas of Chinese descent.	Jaeson Ma	Lubbock
place of birth	Joaquín Nin-Culmell was born in Berlin, Germany, the youngest child of Cuban singer Rosa Culmell and pianist-composer Joaquín Nin.	Joaquín Nin-Culmell	Berlin
place of birth	Faisal Khalil Sebait Mubarak Al-Junaibi (Arabic: فيصل خليل سبيت مبارك الجنيبي‎; born 4 December 1982 in Sharjah, UAE) is a UAE footballer who plays for Al-Ahli.	Faisal Khalil	Sharjah
place of birth	Bryon Kiefer (born March 31, 1986 in Groningen) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eerste Divisie club SC Veendam during the 2006-2009 football seasons.	Bryon Kiefer	Groningen
place of birth	Amanda Auchter (born 1977 Baytown, Texas) is an American writer, professor, and editor.	Amanda Auchter	Baytown, Texas
place of birth	Jakob Ahlmann Nielsen (born 18 January 1991 in Aalborg) is a Danish footballer who plays as a left back for AaB in the Danish Superliga.	Jakob Ahlmann Nielsen	Aalborg
place of birth	Jon Wells (born 23 September 1978 in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England) is a former English rugby league footballer and now a Sky Sports rugby league pundit.	Jon Wells	Wakefield
place of birth	Włodzimierz Brunon Steyer was born in Montreal, Canada, to Włodzimierz Steyer Sr. and Tekla (née Witołd-Aleksandrowicz).	Włodzimierz Steyer	Montreal
place of birth	Leilane Neubarth Teixeira (Rio de Janeiro-RJ, November 15, 1958) is a Brazilian journalist, news presenter and writer.	Leilane Neubarth	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Gegham Baghdasaryan (Armenian: Գեղամ Բաղդասարի Բաղդասարյան, December 25, 1902, Tabriz -- November 14, 1976, Yerevan) better known by his pen name Gegham Saryan (Armenian: Գեղամ Սարյան) is an Armenian poet and translator.	Gegham Saryan	Tabriz
place of birth	Hans Pothorst (c. 1440 -- 1490) was a privateer, likely from the German city Hildesheim.	Hans Pothorst	Hildesheim
place of birth	Antoine Édouard Ducpétiaux (29 June 1804, Brussels - 21 July 1868, Brussels) was a Belgian journalist.	Édouard Ducpétiaux	Brussels
place of birth	Sharan Newman (born April 15, 1949 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American historian and writer of historical novels.	Sharan Newman	Ann Arbor
place of birth	Piotr Wawrzeniuk (born 1971 in Warsaw) is a Polish historian and musician.	Piotr Wawrzeniuk	Warsaw
place of birth	Wiktor Thommée was born 30 December 1881 in Święciany, Russian Empire (modern Švenčionys, Lithuania), to a family of distant French provenience.	Wiktor Thommée	Švenčionys
place of birth	Pierre Leboucher (born November 9, 1980 in Nantes) is a French sailor, who specialized in two-person dinghy (470) class.	Pierre Leboucher	Nantes
place of birth	Michael Dellorusso (born August 22, 1983 in White Plains, New York) was a former American soccer player and is a coach.	Michael Dellorusso	White Plains
place of birth	Hana Brady was born on 16 May 1931 in Prague, Her family lived in Nové Město na Moravě in the Czechoslovak province Moravia-Silesia.	Hana Brady	Prague
place of birth	Storm Large was born and raised in suburban Southborough, Massachusetts.	Storm Large	Southborough
place of birth	Lenny Bruce was born Leonard Alfred Schneider in Mineola, New York, grew up in nearby Bellmore, and attended Wellington C. Mepham High School.	Lenny Bruce	Mineola, New York
place of birth	Jim Pearson (born 24 March 1953 in Falkirk) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for St Johnstone, Everton and Newcastle United until injury cut short his professional career.	Jim Pearson	Falkirk
place of birth	Gerd Koenen (born 9 December 1944 in Marburg) is a German historian and former communist politician.	Gerd Koenen	Marburg
place of birth	Mindi Abair (born May 23, 1969 in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States) is an American two time Grammy Award nominated, American saxophonist, vocalist, author, and National Trustee for the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, the organization that puts on The Grammys.	Mindi Abair	St. Petersburg
place of birth	Sunita Shroff was born in Scotland to Irish and Indian parents, and raised in Greece where she was educated in the Campion School (Athens).	Sunita Shroff	Scotland
place of birth	Martin Ullmann (born 11 December 1986, in Erfurt) is a German footballer who plays as an attacker.	Martin Ullmann	Erfurt
place of birth	Walter Loomis Newberry (1804, East Windsor, Connecticut -- November 6, 1868 at sea) was an American businessman and philanthropist, best known for his bequest that resulted in the creation of the Newberry Library in Chicago.	Walter Loomis Newberry	East Windsor
place of birth	Sandra Couture (born March 15, 1983 in Saint-Georges, Quebec) is a Canadian soccer player who last played for French club Juvisy of the Division 1 Féminine.	Sandra Couture	Saint-Georges
place of birth	Ben Rehder is an Austin-based author of mysteries, especially the Blanco Country series.	Ben Rehder	Austin
place of birth	Konstantin Petrovich Mikhailov (Russian: Кoнстантин Пeтpoвич Михайлoв; born October 24, 1965, Moscow, RSFSR, USSR) is a Russian journalist, writer, ethnographer and social activist.	Konstantin Petrovich Mikhailov	Moscow
place of birth	Marta Żmuda Trzebiatowska (born 26 July, 1984 in Człuchów) is a Polish film, television and theater actress.	Marta Żmuda Trzebiatowska	Człuchów
place of birth	Peter-Jürgen Boock (born 3 September 1951 in Garding, Nordfriesland) is a former member of the Red Army Faction.	Peter-Jürgen Boock	Garding
place of birth	Anatoliy Kinakh was born in the village of Brătuşeni in the Moldavian SSR (now Moldova) on August 4, 1954.	Anatoliy Kinakh	Brătuşeni
place of birth	Luigi Benedetti (Massa Carrara, 19 May 1951) is a former Italian sprinter.	Luigi Benedetti	Massa
place of birth	Guilherme Camacho (born March 2, 1990 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who currently plays for Guaratinguetá, on loan from Flamengo.	Guilherme Camacho	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	George Bomford was born on Long Island, New York in 1780 during the American Revolutionary War, the son of a British officer, Thomas Bomford of the 60th Royal Artillery, and his wife.	George Bomford	New York
place of birth	Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Ingersoll was the son of Jared Ingersoll (1722--1781), a prominent British official whose strong Loyalist sentiments would lead to his being tarred and feathered by radical Patriots.	Jared Ingersoll	New Haven, Connecticut
place of birth	Born in New York City to a family of Irish emigrants (from Nenagh in Co. Tipperary), Johnny Hayes is probably best known for winning the controversial marathon race at the London Olympics.	Johnny Hayes	New York City
place of birth	Henrik Lundqvist grew up with his identical twin brother Joel in Åre, Jämtland, an area where alpine skiing is the most popular winter activity, though Henrik and Joel chose to play ice hockey over the more popular winter sports.	Henrik Lundqvist	Åre
place of birth	Agnes Lawrence Pelton was born in Stuttgart, Germany to American parents, William Halsey Pelton and Florence Pelton.	Agnes Lawrence Pelton	Stuttgart
place of birth	Dorothy Kelly was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Bessie and Thomas Kelly, descendants of Irish Quakers.	Dorothy Kelly	Philadelphia
place of birth	Alexander Kantorov (born 1947) is a Russian conductor who was born in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg) and was a graduate of both Moscow and Saint Petersburg Conservatories.	Alexander Kantorov	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Ville Salminen (2 October 1908, Mariehamn -- 28 November 1992) was a Finnish film actor, director, writer and producer.	Ville Salminen	Mariehamn
place of birth	Samuel Schafler (February 20, 1929 -- April 3, 1991) was a New York-born rabbi, historian, editor and Jewish educator.	Samuel Schafler	New York
place of birth	Zhu Jiong began his career playing for Shanghai Shenhua youth team and would graduate to the senior team during the dawn of full professionalism at the beginning of the 1994 Chinese Jia-A League season.	Zhu Jiong	Shanghai
place of birth	Helmut Ruska (June 7, 1908, Heidelberg - August 30, 1973) was a German physician and biologist from Heidelberg.	Helmut Ruska	Heidelberg
place of birth	Conor Downey (born March 12, 1982 in Belfast) is a professional footballer from Northern Ireland and plays for Donegal Celtic.	Conor Downey	Belfast
place of birth	Stapleton was born Lois Maureen Stapleton in Troy, New York, the daughter of John P. Stapleton and Irene (née Walsh) , and grew up in a strict Irish American Catholic family.	Maureen Stapleton	Troy
place of birth	Danina Jeftić was born on 9 November 1986 in Sarajevo (SFR Yugoslavia then, Bosnia and Herzegovina now).	Danina Jeftić	Sarajevo
place of birth	Boris Steimetz (born July 27, 1987 at Saint-Denis, Réunion) is a French swimmer.	Boris Steimetz	Saint-Denis
place of birth	Yevgeni Sergeyevich Popov (Russian: Евгений Серге́евич Попов) (born 27 November 1977 in Krasnoyarsk) is a Russian bobsledder who has competed since 1996.	Yevgeni Sergeyevich Popov	Krasnoyarsk
place of birth	A Chicago native, Weedon Osborne graduated from Northwestern University Dental School in 1915.	Weedon Osborne	Chicago
place of birth	Sylvia Woods (February 2, 1926 -- July 19, 2012) was an American restaurateur who co-founded the landmark restaurant Sylvia's in Harlem on Lenox Avenue, New York City with her husband, Herbert Woods, in 1962.	Sylvia Woods	New York City
place of birth	Steven Weinberg was born in 1933 in New York City, his parents were Jewish immigrants.	Steven Weinberg	New York City
place of birth	Antonio Scopelliti (Campo Calabro, January 20, 1935 -- Piale, August 9, 1991) was an Italian prosecuting magistrate, murdered by the 'Ndrangheta on behalf of the Sicilian Mafia.	Antonio Scopelliti	Campo Calabro
place of birth	Li Zhaoxing (Chinese: 李肇星; pinyin: Lǐ Zhàoxīng; born 20 October 1940 in Jiaonan, Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese diplomat and politician.	Li Zhaoxing	Jiaonan
place of birth	Gary Locke was born on January 21, 1950, in Seattle, Washington, and spent his early years living in the Yesler Terrace public housing project.	Gary Locke	Seattle
place of birth	Carlos Rendón Zipagauta (Cali, 29 September 1955) is a Colombian-Belgian documentary filmmaker.	Carlos Rendón Zipagauta	Cali
place of birth	Andrée Bosquet, born in Tournai in 1900 was a Belgian painter.	Andrée Bosquet	Tournai
place of birth	Salman F Rahman is Vice Chairman of Beximco Group, one of the largest corporate house of Bangladesh at the moment with over 48,000 employees working in its factories and head offices.	Salman F Rahman	Bangladesh
place of birth	Mafalda Theotto known professionally as Eloísa Mafalda (born September 18, 1924 in Jundiaí) is a Brazilian actress.	Eloísa Mafalda	Jundiaí
place of birth	Christian Braut, was born on 23 September 1962 in Paris (XVe).	Christian Braut	Paris
place of birth	Charles Camille Chazal, a French painter, and son of Antoine Chazal, was born in Paris in 1825.	Charles Camille Chazal	Paris
place of birth	Mark Teltscher is an English poker player, based in London, England.	Mark Teltscher	London
place of birth	Vincenz Liechtenstein (30 July 1950 in Graz -- 14 January 2008 in Deutschfeistritz, Styria) was an Austrian politician (ÖVP).	Vincenz Liechtenstein	Graz
place of birth	Harry Booth (born in London, England), is a film director, film producer, screenwriter and editor.	Harry Booth	London
place of birth	Maria Jepsen (born 19 January 1945 in Bad Segeberg) was the bishop of Hamburg in the North Elbian Evangelical Lutheran Church.	Maria Jepsen	Bad Segeberg
place of birth	Pamela Love (born 1982) is an American jewelry designer based in New York City.	Pamela Love	New York City
place of birth	Luca Scinto (born January 28, 1968 in Fucecchio) is an Italian former cyclist.	Luca Scinto	Fucecchio
place of birth	Erich Lessing (13 July 1923, Vienna) is an Austrian photographer.	Erich Lessing	Vienna
place of birth	Dr George B. Johnson (born 11 June 1942, Newport News, Virginia) is a science educator who for many years has written a weekly column ``On Science'' in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.	George B. Johnson	Newport News
place of birth	Louis King (born June 28, 1898, Christiansburg, Virginia -- died September 7, 1962) was an American actor and movie director of westerns and adventure movies in the 1920s, 1930s, and 1940s.	Louis King	Christiansburg
place of birth	Friedrich Rosenthal (20 July 1885 in Vienna; †21 August 1942 at the Auschwitz concentration camp) was an Austrian director and playwright.	Friedrich Rosenthal	Vienna
place of birth	Marko Topchii was born into a family of musicians in Kiev, Ukraine and is started studying guitar at the age of four.	Marko Topchii	Kiev
place of birth	Geir Lippestad was born 7 June 1964 in Hønefoss, in the Ringerike district in Buskerud county.	Geir Lippestad	Ringerike
place of birth	Paul Gertner is an American close-up magician from Pittsburgh.	Paul Gertner	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Quaadir Atkinson, professionally known as Neo da Matrix, is an American hip hop producer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Neo da Matrix	Philadelphia
place of birth	The eldest of the eleven children of Dr. William Henry Twort, Frederick Twort was born in Camberley, Surrey on 22 October 1877.	Frederick Twort	Camberley
place of birth	Comandanta Ramona (1959 -- January 6, 2006) was the nom de guerre of an officer of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation (EZLN), a revolutionary indigenous autonomist organization based in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas.	Comandanta Ramona	Chiapas
place of death	Pier Cesare Bori (Casale Monferrato, 3 February 1937 - Bologna, 4 November 2012) was a professor of religious history, moral philosophy, and multiculturalism at the University of Bologna.	Pier Cesare Bori	Bologna
place of death	Abraham Albert Hijmans van den Bergh (1 December 1869 in Rotterdam -- 28 September 1943 in Utrecht) was a Dutch physician specializing in internal medicine.	Abraham Albert Hijmans van den Bergh	Utrecht
place of death	Francisco Castillo Nájera (Durango, Dgo., 1886 -- Mexico City, 1954) was a Mexican diplomat and politician.	Francisco Castillo Nájera	Mexico City
place of death	Viktor Kurmanovych (Ukrainian: Віктор Йосипович Курманович) (26 November 1876, Vilshanytsia near Zolochiv, Galicia and Lodomeria, Austro-Hungary -- 18 October 1945, Odessa, Soviet Union) was a Ukrainian politician and military leader.	Viktor Kurmanovych	Odessa
place of death	Félix María de Samaniego (October 12, 1745 -- August 11, 1801), born and died in Laguardia, Álava, in the Basque Country, was a Spanish neoclassical fabulist, educated at Valladolid.	Félix María de Samaniego	Laguardia, Álava
place of death	Esaias Tegnér (13 November 1782, Värmland -- 2 November 1846, Växjö, Småland), was a Swedish writer, professor of Greek language, and bishop.	Esaias Tegnér	Växjö
place of death	Otto Hoynck (1630, The Hague -- after 1706), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter active in England.	Otto Hoynck	England
place of death	Benny Morton (January 31, 1907 -- December 28, 1985), born in New York City, was a jazz trombonist most associated with the swing genre.	Benny Morton	New York City
place of death	Sir Joseph Edgar Boehm, 1st Baronet, RA (Vienna, 6 July 1834 -- 12 December 1890 London, England) was a medallist and sculptor, best known for the Jubilee head of Queen Victoria on coinage, and the statue of the Duke of Wellington at Hyde Park Corner.	Joseph Edgar Boehm	London
place of death	His debut play Ashadh Ka Ek Din was first performed by Kolkata-based Hindi theatre group Anamika, under director Shyamanand Jalan (1960) and subsequently by Ebrahim Alkazi at National School of Drama Delhi in 1962, which established Mohan Rakesh as the first modern Hindi playwright.	Mohan Rakesh	Delhi
place of death	Luigi Bernabò Brea (Genua, 27 September 1910 -- Lipari, 4 February 1999) was an Italian archaeologist.	Luigi Bernabò Brea	Lipari
place of death	Jan Anton van der Baren (variations on the first name: 'Jan Anthonie', 'Jan Antonius', 'Jean-Antoine' and 'Johannes Antonius') (1615 -- 1 January 1687) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman, priest and museum curator active in Brussels and Vienna.	Jan Anton van der Baren	Vienna
place of death	Abdelhadi Boutaleb (Arabic: عبد الهادي بوطالب‎) (b. 23 December 1923, Fes - d. 16 December 2009, Rabat) was a Moroccan statesman and politician.	Abdelhadi Boutaleb	Rabat
place of death	Otto Kässbohrer (born and died in Ulm 26 January 1904 and 20 June 1989) was a German entrepreneur and vehicle manufacturer.	Otto Kässbohrer	Ulm
place of death	Sibylle of Baden (26 April 1485 -- 10 July 1518 in Willstätt) was a Margravine of Baden by birth and by marriage, Countess of Hanau-Lichtenberg.	Sibylle of Baden	Willstätt
place of death	Karl Friedrich August Rammelsberg (1 April 1813 -- 28 December 1899) was a German mineralogist from Berlin, Prussia.	Karl Friedrich August Rammelsberg	Berlin
place of death	Anna Maria of Brandenburg (3 February 1567 in Zechlin Palace, Rheinberg -- 14 November 1618 in Wolin) was an Princess of Brandenburg by birth and marriage Duchess of Pomerania.	Anna Maria of Brandenburg	Wolin
place of death	In 1891, following another crisis, Carlo Cafiero was confined in the psychiatric hospital in Nocera Inferiore, where he died on Sunday 17 July 1892 of tuberculosis at the age of 45.	Carlo Cafiero	Nocera Inferiore
place of death	Max Lewandowsky (June 28, 1876 -- April 4, 1916) was a German neurologist, who was a native of Berlin.	Max Lewandowsky	Berlin
place of death	Robert Rich, 3rd Earl of Warwick (28 June 1611 -- 29 May 1659 in London), supported the Royalist cause in the English Civil War (his father the 2nd Earl supported Parliament).	Robert Rich, 3rd Earl of Warwick	London
place of death	Zénon Bacq (1903 in La Louvière - 1983 in Fontenoy) was a Belgian radiobiologist and inventor.	Zénon Bacq	Fontenoy
place of death	Janusz Christa (19 July 1934, Wilno -- 15 November 2008, Sopot) was a Polish author of comic books, creator of the comic book series Kajtek i Koko and his perhaps most famous, Kajko i Kokosz series.	Janusz Christa	Sopot
place of death	Silvestro Aldobrandini (1500--1558) was a Florentine jurisconsult and the father of Pope Clement VIII. Silvestro Aldobrandini is depicted in a chapel named after Sixtus V in the church of Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome.	Silvestro Aldobrandini	Rome
place of death	Friedrich Schlemm (11 December 1795 -- 27 May 1858) was a German anatomist who was professor at the University of Berlin.	Friedrich Schlemm	Berlin
place of death	Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari was born in Venice in 1876, the son of an Italian mother and a German father.	Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari	Venice
place of death	Sean Devereux (25 November 1964 - 2 January 1993) was an English Salesian missionary and aid worker murdered in Kismayo, Somalia in 1993 while working for UNICEF.	Sean Devereux	Kismayo
place of death	Sigrid Kahle died following a brief illness on 31 December 2013, aged 85, in Uppsala, Sweden.	Sigrid Kahle	Uppsala
place of death	Bernhard Pez (22 February 1683, at Ybbs near Melk -- 27 March 1735, at Melk, Lower Austria) was an Austrian Benedictine historian and librarian.	Bernhard Pez	Melk
place of death	It was stated by The Sun that Clive Hornby died of hypoxia, a disease often associated with cancer, in a Leeds Hospice.	Clive Hornby	Leeds
place of death	Vicente Sancho y Cobertores (1784 in Petrés, Spain -- 1860 in Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish politician and militant who served as Prime Minister of Spain and Minister of State in 1840 during the reign of Queen Isabella II.	Vicente Sancho y Cobertores	Madrid
place of death	Amadeus August (6 May 1942, in Breslau -- 6 July 1992, in Munich) was a German actor and singer who spoke French and English.	Amadeus August	Munich
place of death	Adolf Daens (18 December 1839 -- 14 June 1907) was a Flemish priest from Aalst.	Adolf Daens	Aalst
place of death	Mahendra Kapoor was born in Amritsar, but soon moved to Mumbai.	Mahendra Kapoor	Mumbai
place of death	Karoline von Manderscheid-Blankenheim (Karoline Felicitas Engelberte; 13 November 1768, Vienna -- 1 March 1831 in Vienna), was a princess consort of Liechtenstein; married on 16 November 1783 to prince Alois I of Liechtenstein.	Karoline von Manderscheid-Blankenheim	Vienna
place of death	Blessed Luigia Poloni (26 January 1802 -- 11 November 1855) was an Italian Roman Catholic nun and was also the co-founder of the Sisters of Mercy of Verona which she established with Charles Steeb - future saint.	Luigia Poloni	Verona
place of death	Herbert Arthur Stuart (27 March 1899, Zurich -- 8 April 1974, Hanover) was a German experimental physicist who made contributions in molecular physics research.	Herbert Arthur Stuart	Hanover
place of death	István Eörsi (Hungarian: (ˈiʃtvaːn ˈørʃi); 16 June 1931, in Budapest -- 13 October 2005, in Budapest) was a Hungarian writer, novelist, political essayist, poet and literature translator.	István Eörsi	Budapest
place of death	Charles Amédée de Noé, known as Cham (January 26, 1818, Paris -- September 6, 1879, Paris), was a French caricaturist and lithographer.	Amédée de Noé	Paris
place of death	Viktor Pietschmann was born in Vienna, Austria to parents Karl Pietschmann and Ida in 1881.	Viktor Pietschmann	Austria
place of death	Aurora Valeria Albertina Bertha Valerius (21 January 1824, Stockholm -- 24 March 1895, Stockholm), was a Swedish photographer and painter.	Bertha Valerius	Stockholm
place of death	Aldo Novarese (b. 29 June 1920 in Pontestura Monferrato -- d. 16 September 1995 in Turin) was an Italian type designer who lived and worked mostly in Turin where he produced an impressive number of unique designs.	Aldo Novarese	Turin
place of death	Daniel Krencker (15 July 1874, Andolsheim -- 10 November 1941, Berlin) was an Alsatian-German architectural historian.	Daniel Krencker	Berlin
place of death	Hermann Oldenberg (October 31, 1854, Hamburg -- March 18, 1920, Göttingen) was a German scholar of Indology, and Professor at Kiel (1898) and Göttingen (1908).	Hermann Oldenberg	Göttingen
place of death	Bishop Michael Fu Tieshan (Simplified Chinese: 傅铁山, Traditional Chinese: 傅鐵山; November 3, 1931 -- April 20, 2007) of Beijing was the top leader of the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association.	Michael Fu Tieshan	Beijing
place of death	Władysław Wróblewski (Polish pronunciation: (vwaˈdɨswaf vruˈblɛfskʲi); 21 March 1875, Kraków -- 19 August 1951, Łódź) was a Polish szlachcic, politician, scientist, diplomat and lawyer.	Władysław Wróblewski	Łódź
place of death	Albin Siekierski (* 1. March 1920 in Imielin (Poland); † 28. February 1989 in Katowice) was a polish writer.	Albin Siekierski	Katowice
place of death	Dave Halliday was born in Dumfries and started in local schools football where he featured on the left wing.	Dave Halliday	Dumfries
place of death	Ernest Charles Lucet (16 April 1910 in Paris -- 25 March 1990) was a French diplomat, and French ambassador to the United States.	Charles Lucet	Paris
place of death	Alex de Renzy suffered a fatal stroke and diabetic attack while in his hotel room in Los Angeles during the production of his last video.	Alex de Renzy	Los Angeles
place of death	Karl Drais, baptized Karl Friedrich Christian Ludwig Freiherr (German for Baron) Drais Von Sauerbronn, was born on April 29, 1785 to Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Ludwig Baron Von Drais and Ernestine Christine Margaretha (born Baroness Von Kaltenthal) in Karlsruhe, capital of Baden, Germany.	Karl Drais	Karlsruhe
place of death	André Obrecht (9 August 1899, Paris -- 30 July 1985, aged 85, Nice) was the official executioner of France from 1951 until 1976.	André Obrecht	Nice
place of death	Enrico Dante was born in Rome to Achille Dante, a devoted supporter of Giuseppe Garibaldi, and Zenaide Ingegni (d. 1892).	Enrico Dante	Rome
place of death	Maurice Scève (c. 1501--c. 1564), was a French poet active in Lyon during the Renaissance period.	Maurice Scève	Lyon
place of death	The Venerable Sister Serafina of God, O.Carm., (Italian: Serafina di Dio), also known as Seraphine of Capri, (24 October 1621 -17 March 1699) was the founder of seven Carmelite monasteries of nuns in southern Italy.	Serafina of God	Capri
place of death	Mari Jászai (24 February 1850, Ászár - 5 October 1926, Budapest) was a Hungarian actress.	Mari Jászai	Budapest
place of death	Ibrahim Edhem Pasha was the father of Osman Hamdi Bey, a well-known archaeologist and painter, as well the founder of the Istanbul Archaeology Museum and of the Istanbul Academy of Fine Arts.	Ibrahim Edhem Pasha	Istanbul
place of death	Alexander Diomidovich Kravchenko (Russian: Кравченко Александр Диомидович) (born 1881 in Voronezh died 21 November 1923 in Rostov-on-Don) was a Russian agronomist and partisan who fought against Admiral Kolchak's White forces in Siberia in 1919 during the Russian Civil War.	Alexander Diomidovich Kravchenko	Rostov-on-Don
place of death	Joost van Geel (1631, Rotterdam -- 1698, Rotterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter in the style of Gabriel Metsu.	Joost van Geel	Rotterdam
place of death	Lawrence Joseph Henderson (June 3, 1878, Lynn, Massachusetts -- February 10, 1942, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a physiologist, chemist, biologist, philosopher, and sociologist.	Lawrence Joseph Henderson	Cambridge
place of death	Rudolf Schwarzkogler (13 November 1940, Vienna -- 20 June 1969, Vienna) was an Austrian performance artist closely associated with the Viennese Actionism group that included artists Günter Brus, Otto Mühl, and Hermann Nitsch.	Rudolf Schwarzkogler	Vienna
place of death	On July 2, 1834, Dan Beach Bradley and his wife, Emilie departed from Boston for their mission trip in Bangkok.	Dan Beach Bradley	Bangkok
place of death	Hambardzum Arakelian (Shahriar, 1865, Shusha, Russian Empire - 1918, Tbilisi) was an Armenian journalist, writer and public activist, the founder of The Relief Committee for Armenian migrants (1915) and Armenian Popular party.	Hambardzum Arakelian	Tbilisi
place of death	Virginia Carroll died at a Santa Barbara, California, retirement community on July 23, 2009, of natural causes at the age of 95.	Virginia Carroll	Santa Barbara
place of death	Petre Hârtopeanu (15 June 1913, Dângeni, Botoşani County, Romania -- 2001, Frankfurt-am-Main) was a Romanian-German painter, art professor.	Petre Hârtopeanu	Frankfurt
place of death	Heinrich Maschke (24 October 1853 in Breslau, Germany (now Wrocław, Poland) -- 1 March 1908 Chicago, Illinois, USA) was a German mathematician who proved Maschke's theorem.	Heinrich Maschke	Chicago
place of death	Saint Margaret Ward (died 30 August 1588), the ``pearl of Tyburn'', was an English Catholic martyr who was executed during the reign of Elizabeth I for assisting a priest to escape from prison.	Margaret Ward	Tyburn
place of death	Lucien Hervé (born László Elkán on 7 August 1910 in Hungary, died 26 June 2007 in Paris) was a French photographer of Hungarian origin.	Lucien Hervé	Paris
place of death	Kurt Hirschfeld was buried in Zürich's Israelitischer Friedhof Oberer Friesenberg.	Kurt Hirschfeld	Zürich
place of death	Arnold Sutermeister (July 11, 1830 -- May 3, 1907) was a Swiss-born contractor in the West of United States (business in Fort Wayne and Kansas City).	Arnold Sutermeister	Kansas City
place of death	Lev Lvovich Kamenev (Russian: Лев Льво́вич Ка́менев; 1834, according to other information in 1833, Rylsk, Kursk Governorate -- 26 January (O.S. 14 January) 1886 Savvinskaya sloboda, Moscow Governorate), was a Russian landscape painter.	Lev Lvovich Kamenev	Moscow Governorate
place of death	Cécile Tormay (October 8, 1876 in Budapest -- April 2, 1937 in Mátraháza) was a Hungarian writer, intellectual, right-wing political activist, feminist, literary translator, and social theorist.	Cécile Tormay	Mátraháza
place of death	James Kidd Flemming (April 27, 1868 -- February 10, 1927) was a businessman and politician in New Brunswick, Canada.	James Kidd Flemming	New Brunswick
place of death	Serapio Calderón Chirinos (1843, Paucartambo, Peru -- 3 April 1922, Cusco, Peru) was President of Peru.	Serapio Calderón	Cusco
place of death	Luke Kelly (17 November 1940 -- 30 January 1984) was an Irish singer, folk musician and actor from Dublin, Ireland, notable as a founding member of the band The Dubliners.	Luke Kelly	Dublin
place of death	André Joseph Lefèvre was born in Paris on 17 June 1869, son of an engineer who was an inspector for the Compagnie des chemins de fer de l'Est.	André Joseph Lefèvre	Paris
place of death	In 1846 Marie-Joseph Farcot transferred his factory close to the docks and railway station in Saint-Ouen on the Seine.	Joseph Farcot	Saint-Ouen
place of death	The Jackson Miles Abbott Wetland Refuge at Fort Belvoir in Fairfax, Virginia was named in his honor.	Jackson Miles Abbott	Fairfax
place of death	Two William Tisdales have been found in London at the turn of the 17th century: one died in 1603 and the other in 1605.	William Tisdale	London
place of death	Edmund Kesting (27 July 1892, Dresden -- 21 October 1970, Birkenwerder) was a German photographer, painter and art professor.	Edmund Kesting	Birkenwerder
place of death	Salomon Ulmann (February 25, 1806 at Saverne, Bas-Rhin -- May 5, 1865 in Paris), was a French rabbi.	Salomon Ulmann	Paris
place of death	Eduard Weiter (18 July 1889, Eschwege -- 2 May 1945, Itter) was a German bureaucrat who became a Schutzstaffel Obersturmbannführer and concentration camp commandant.	Eduard Weiter	Itter
place of death	Samuel Siegel (born 1875, Des Moines, Iowa -- died January 14, 1948, Los Angeles, California) was an American mandolin virtuoso and composer who played mandolin on 29 records for Victor Records, including 9 pieces of his own composition and two that he arranged.	Samuel Siegel	Los Angeles
place of death	Stephen Gaskin (February 16, 1935 -- July 1, 2014) was an American counterculture Hippie icon best known for his presence in the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco in the 1960s and for co-founding ``The Farm'', a famous spiritual intentional community in Summertown, Tennessee.	Stephen Gaskin	Summertown
place of death	Stjepan Bobek (3 December 1923, Zagreb -- 22 August 2010, Belgrade) was an ethnic Croat Yugoslav football striker and later football manager.	Stjepan Bobek	Belgrade
place of death	Owen Moran (born 4 October 1884 in Birmingham, England -- died 17 March 1949) was an English boxer.	Owen Moran	Birmingham
place of death	His son, Pérez Prado, Jr., continues to direct the Pérez Prado Orchestra in Mexico City to this day.	Pérez Prado	Mexico City
place of death	Johann Natterer remained in South America for 18 years, until 1835, returning to Vienna with a large collection of specimens, including new species such as the South American lungfish, which he gave to the Imperial Natural-Science Cabinet (K.k. Naturaliencabinet), the predecessor of the Naturhistorisches Museum.	Johann Natterer	Vienna
place of death	Tomàs Rosés was a banker and president of FC Barcelona from 1929-1930.	Tomàs Rosés	Barcelona
place of death	Alexander Thom died on 7 November 1985 at Fort William hospital, aged 91.	Alexander Thom	Fort William
place of death	Hirsch Schwartzberg (Schwarcberg, Schwarzberg) (October 28, 1907, in Vilna --October 17, 1987 in Ashdod) was a Jewish leader of Holocaust survivors (Yiddish: בפרייטה יידין אויף ברלין‎) under the American occupation of Berlin.	Hirsch Schwartzberg	Ashdod
place of death	Cyngen ap Cadell (English: Cyngen son of Cadell) or also (Concenn), was King of Powys from 808 until his death in 855 during a pilgrimage to Rome.	Cyngen ap Cadell	Rome
place of death	Isabel Luberza Oppenheimer (23 July 1901 - 4 January 1974), better known as ``Isabel la Negra'', was a Puerto Rican brothel owner and madam in barrio Maragüez, Ponce, Puerto Rico.	Isabel Luberza Oppenheimer	Maragüez
place of death	Christian Kalkbrenner (Hann. Münden, September 22, 1755 -- Paris, August 10, 1806) was a German bandmaster or Kapellmeister, violinist, organ and keyboard player, and composer.	Christian Kalkbrenner	Paris
place of death	André-Jean Festugière O.P. (15 March 1898, Paris -- 13 August 1982, Saint-Dizier) was a French Dominican friar, philosopher, philologist, and expert on Neoplatonism, and in particular the works of Proclus.	André-Jean Festugière	Saint-Dizier
place of death	Theodor Schieffer (11 June 1910 in Bad Godesberg -- 9 April 1992 in Bad Godesberg) was a German historian.	Theodor Schieffer	Bad Godesberg
place of death	Renée Schwarzenbach-Wille (born 1883 in Thun, Switzerland; died 1959 in Konstanz) was a Swiss photographer.	Renée Schwarzenbach-Wille	Konstanz
place of death	Dan Massey (December 26, 1942 -- January 28, 2013) was an American LGBT rights/sexual freedom activist, scientist, author, blogger and fundraiser based in Washington, D.C. He was a co-founder and CEO of VenusPlusX.	Dan Massey	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Attilio Pratella (born 1856 in Lugo di Romagna, Italy; died 1949 in Naples, Italy) was an Italian painter.	Attilio Pratella	Naples
place of death	On April 29, 2008, Tatsuo Hasegawa died aged 92 in Yokohama, Kanagawa.	Tatsuo Hasegawa	Yokohama
place of death	Agostino Cornacchini (August 27, 1686 -- 1754) was an Italian sculptor and painter of the Rococo period, active mainly in Rome.	Agostino Cornacchini	Rome
place of death	Ioannis Altamouras (Greek: Ιωάννης Αλταμούρας) (Florence or Naples, 1852 -- Spetses, 1878) was an outstanding Greek painter of the 19th century famous for his paintings of seascapes.	Ioannis Altamouras	Spetses
place of death	Johan August Hugo Gyldén (May 29, 1841 in Helsinki -- November 9, 1896 in Stockholm) was a Finland-Swedish astronomer primarily known for work in celestial mechanics.	Hugo Gyldén	Stockholm
place of death	Peter Fendi was born in Vienna on 4 September 1796 to Joseph and Elizabeth Fendi.	Peter Fendi	Vienna
place of death	Alfonso Capecelatro (Marseille, 5 February 1824 -- 14 November 1912) was an Italian Archbishop of Capua, ecclesiastical writer, Vatican librarian, and Cardinal.	Alfonso Capecelatro	Capua
place of death	Edmund Hauler (November 17, 1859, Buda -- April 1, 1941, Vienna) was an Austrian classical philologist born in Ofen to a Danube Swabian German family.	Edmund Hauler	Vienna
place of death	Juan Castellar y de Borja was born in Valencia in late 1441, the son of Galcerán de Castellar, señor de Picassent, and his wife Bernardona Borja.	Juan Castellar y de Borja	Valencia
place of death	Lucien Henry Cheffer (30 December 1880 in Paris -- 3 May 1957) was a French illustrator and printmaker.	Henry Cheffer	Paris
place of death	Wilhelm Körner, later a.k.a. Guglielmo Körner (April, 20th, 1839 in Cassel - March 29, 1925 in Milan) was a German chemist.	Wilhelm Körner	Milan
place of death	Ermilo Abreu Gómez (September 18, 1894 in Mérida, Yucatán -- July 14, 1971 in Mexico City) was a writer, journalist and lecturer born in Mérida, Yucatán, México.	Ermilo Abreu Gómez	Mexico City
place of death	Steen Eiler Rasmussen was born on 19 February 1898 in Copenhagen to Lieutenant colonel and later general Christian Rasmussen and Anna Dorthea (Dori) Jung.	Steen Eiler Rasmussen	Copenhagen
place of death	Herbert Druce, FLS (14 July, 1846, London -- 11 April, 1913, London) was a British entomologist.	Herbert Druce	London
place of death	Isidore De Loor, C.P., also known as Isidore of Saint Joseph, was a Belgian lay brother of the Passionist Congregation, born on April 18, 1881 in Vrasene, Belgium; died October 6, 1916 at Kortrijk, Belgium.	Isidore De Loor	Kortrijk
place of death	Emilio Bajada (January 12, 1914, Tunis - May 14, 1984, Modena) was an Italian mathematician.	Emilio Bajada	Modena
place of death	Sir William Kirkcaldy of Grange (c. 1520 --3 August 1573) was a Scottish politician and soldier who fought for the Scottish Reformation but ended his career holding Edinburgh castle on behalf of Mary, Queen of Scots and was hanged at the conclusion of a long siege.	William Kirkcaldy of Grange	Edinburgh
place of death	Gonzalo O'Farrill y Herrera (La Habana, Cuba, 1754 -- Paris, 1831) was the son of O'Farrill y Arriola, of Irish descent, and was a Spanish administrator in La Habana, Cuba.	Gonzalo O'Farrill y Herrera	Paris
place of death	The Sousa Archives and Center for American Music at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign holds the Paul Rolland Papers, which consists of correspondence and publicity, as well as films and audio recordings related to the development of ``The Teaching of Action in String Playing.''	Paul Rolland	Urbana
place of death	Cornel Lucas (born 12 September 1920 in Highbury, London, died 8 November 2012) was a British photographer, who as a film still photographer was a pioneer of film portraiture in the 1940s and 1950s.	Cornel Lucas	London
place of death	Anna Maria Achenrainer (Pfunds, July 5, 1909 -- Innsbruck, January 14, 1972) was an Austrian writer.	Anna Maria Achenrainer	Innsbruck
place of death	Gustav Trunk (24 July 1871 in Waldprechtsweier - 23 April 1936 in Karlsruhe) was a three-time President of Baden.	Gustav Trunk	Karlsruhe
place of death	Gyula Gózon (19 April 1885, Nové Zámky -- 8 October 1972, Budapest) was a Hungarian actor and comedian.	Gyula Gózon	Budapest
place of death	Paul Wendkos (born September 20, 1925 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; died November 12, 2009 in Malibu, California) was an American television and film director.	Paul Wendkos	Malibu
place of death	Jean Lucienbonnet (born Lucien Jean Bonnet, January 7, 1923 in Nice -- died August 19, 1962 in Enna-Pergusa, Sicily, Italy) was a racing driver from France, racing and rallying in various series.	Jean Lucienbonnet	Enna
place of death	Ulrik Huber (March 13, 1636, Dokkum - November 8, 1694, Franeker), also known as Ulrich Huber or Ulricus Huber, was a professor of law at the University of Franeker and a political philosopher.	Ulrik Huber	Franeker
place of death	Nasreddine Dinet (born as Alphonse-Étienne Dinet on 28 March 1861 -- 24 December 1929, Paris) was a French orientalist painter.	Nasreddine Dinet	Paris
place of death	Nellie Quander was born in Washington, D.C. to John Pierson Quander and Hannah Bruce Ford Quander.	Nellie Quander	Washington, D.C.
place of death	David Rijckaert II (1586, Antwerp -- 1642, Antwerp), was a Flemish painter and art dealer active in Antwerp.	David Rijckaert II	Antwerp
place of death	Balthasar Riepp (22 November 1703, Kempten - 2 August 1764 in Vils) was a German-Austrian painter, primarily of religious subjects.	Balthasar Riepp	Vils
place of death	General Corradino D'Ascanio (February 1, 1891 in Popoli, Pescara -- August 6, 1981 in Pisa) was an Italian aeronautical engineer.	Corradino D'Ascanio	Pisa
place of death	Giovan Paolo Parisio (1470--1522), who used the classicised pseudonym Aulo Giano Parrasio or Aulus Janus Parrhasius, was a humanist scholar and grammarian from Cosenza, in Calabria in southern Italy.	Aulo Giano Parrasio	Cosenza
place of death	Sriman Rajadhiraja Raja Paramesvara Praudha-pratapa Apratima-vira Narapati Birud-antembara-ganda Maharaja Sir Krishnaraja Wadiyar III Bahadur (14 July 1794 -- 27 March 1868) or Krishnaraja wadiyar III (Kannada: ಮುಮ್ಮಡಿ ಕೃಷ್ಣರಾಜ ಒಡೆಯರ್) was the ruling Maharaja of the princely state of Mysore in India.	Krishnaraja Wadiyar III	Mysore
place of death	Gertrude Abbott (also known as Mother Abbott; 11 July 1846 -- 12 May 1934) was the founder of the former St Margaret's Hospital in Sydney, Australia.	Gertrude Abbott	Sydney
place of death	Andrea Vaccaro (8 May 1604 -- 18 January 1670) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mostly in Naples in a tenebrist style.	Andrea Vaccaro	Naples
place of death	Ali Nazmi (Azerbaijani: Əli Nəzmi, pen name of Ali Mammadzadeh (Əli Məmmədzadə), 1878, Sarov--January 1, 1946, Baku) was an Azerbaijani poet, a representative of the 20th-century Azerbaijani realism and successor of Mirza Alakbar Sabir.	Ali Nazmi	Baku
place of death	Francisco Antonio de Acuña Cabrera y Bayona (Spain; 1597 -- Lima; 1662) was a Spanish, soldier and governor of the Kingdom of Chile between 1650 and 1656.	Francisco Antonio de Acuña Cabrera y Bayona	Lima
place of death	Kurt Weitzmann was born in Klein Almerode (Witzenhausen, near Kassel) on May 7, 1904 and died in Princeton, New Jersey on June 7, 1993.	Kurt Weitzmann	Princeton
place of death	John Morressy (December 8, 1930 - March 20, 2006, Sullivan, New Hampshire) was a science fiction and fantasy writer and a professor of English at Franklin Pierce College.	John Morressy	Sullivan, New Hampshire
place of death	Moshe Bejski (Dzialoszyce, 29 December 1921 -- Tel Aviv, 6 March 2007) was an Israeli judge and President of ``Yad Vashem'''s Righteous Commission.	Moshe Bejski	Tel Aviv
place of death	Jacob Adriaensz Bellevois (1621, Rotterdam -- 1676, Rotterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Jacob Adriaensz Bellevois	Rotterdam
place of death	Erich Haase (January 19, 1859, Berlin --April 24, 1894, Bangkok) was a German physician and entomologist.	Erich Haase	Bangkok
place of death	Otto Luyken (4 November 1884 -- 3 February 1953) was director of the ``Hesse Tree Nurseries'' (Baumschulen Hesse) in Weener, Germany.	Otto Luyken	Weener
place of death	Erasmus Grasser (c. 1450 -- c. 1515) was a leading master builder and sculptor in Munich in the early 16th century.	Erasmus Grasser	Munich
place of death	Karl Johann Greith (b. at Rapperswil, Switzerland, 25 May 1807; d. at St. Gallen, 17 May 1882) was a Swiss Catholic bishop and church historian.	Karl Johann Greith	St. Gallen
place of death	Demetrios Capetanakis or Kapetanakis or Capetanaces (Greek: Δημήτριος Καπετανάκης; 22 January 1912, Smyrna, -- 9 March 1944, London) was a Greek poet, essayist and critic.	Demetrios Capetanakis	London
place of death	Lev Ivanovich Ivanov (Russian: Лев Ива́нович Ива́нов; 2 March 1834, Moscow -- 24 December 1901, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian ballet dancer and choreographer and later, Second Balletmaster of the Imperial Ballet.	Lev Ivanov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Geoffrey Crossley (11 May 1921, Baslow, Derbyshire -- 7 January 2002, Headington, Oxfordshire) was a British racing driver from England.	Geoffrey Crossley	Oxfordshire
place of death	Salvatore Pappalardo STD JUD (23 September 1918 -- 10 December 2006) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who was Archbishop of Palermo for over 25 years, from 1970 to 1996.	Salvatore Pappalardo	Palermo
place of death	Lucien Arbel worked as a draftsman in Paris, then as an engine fireman and machinist, then as a mine engineer in the mines at Tartaras near Rive-de-Gier.	Lucien Arbel	Paris
place of death	Radó von Kövesligethy (in Hungarian usage, Kövesligethy Radó) (Verona, Austria, Austro-Hungarian Empire, 1 September 1862 --Budapest, Hungary 11 October 1934), was a Hungarian physicist, astronomer and geophysicist.	Radó von Kövesligethy	Budapest
place of death	Anselmo Fernandez Rodrigues (21 August 1918 in Lisbon -- 19 January 2000 in Madrid) was a Portuguese architect and football manager who led Sporting Clube de Portugal to victory in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1964.	Anselmo Fernandez	Madrid
place of death	The company was founded in 1981 in Meductic, New Brunswick, Canada, by Robert Zildjian, son of Avedis Zildjian III, the head of the Avedis Zildjian Company located in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Robert Zildjian	Brunswick
place of death	Tulia Ciámpoli (Ballesteros, Córdoba, January 7, 1915 - Buenos Aires, December 2, 1981) was an Argentine actress, dancer, and violinist of Italian descent.	Tulia Ciámpoli	Buenos Aires
place of death	Alfred Lunt died August 3, 1977, nine days before his 85th birthday, in Chicago from cancer.	Alfred Lunt	Chicago
place of death	George Dexter Whitcomb (May 13, 1834 -- June 21, 1914) an American manufacturer and founder of the town of Glendora, California.	George Dexter Whitcomb	Glendora
place of death	In addition, Susanne Miller was one of those involved in recreating in Bonn the Philosophical-Political Academy, which re-emerged in 1949 after a sixteen-year hiatus.	Susanne Miller	Bonn
place of death	Louise Elisabeth of Courland (12 August 1646 in Jelgava -- 16 December 1690 in Weferlingen) was a princess of Courland from the Ketteler family by birth and by marriage Landgravine of Hesse-Homburg.	Louise Elisabeth of Courland	Weferlingen
place of death	Shamshi Kaldayakov (Kazakh: Шәмші Қалдаяқов, Şämşi Qaldayaqov) (Russian: Шамши Калдаяков) (August 15, 1937 in Temirlanovka, South Kazakhstan Province -- February 29, 1992 in Almaty, Kazakhstan, aged 56) was a Kazakhstani composer.	Shamshi Kaldayakov	Almaty
place of death	Egisto Tango (13 November 1873, in Rome -- 5 October 1951, in Copenhagen) was an Italian conductor, whose premieres included The Wooden Prince and Bluebeard's Castle by Béla Bartók.	Egisto Tango	Copenhagen
place of death	Upon his death in Ahrweiler on 31 Jan. 1957, Christian Hülsmeyer was buried in the North Cemetery at Düsseldorf.	Christian Hülsmeyer	Ahrweiler
place of death	The Right Reverend Stephen McGill PSS (born Glasgow 4 January 1912; died Glasgow 9 November 2005) was the sixth Bishop of Argyll and the Isles and second Bishop of Paisley.	Stephen McGill	Glasgow
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Côté was born to Jean-Baptiste Côté and Hélène Grenier in the Saint-Roch parish in the Lower Town of Quebec City.	Jean-Baptiste Côté	Quebec City
place of death	Elis Regina Carvalho Costa (Portuguese pronunciation: (eˈlis ʁeˈʒinɐ); Porto Alegre, March 17, 1945 -- São Paulo, January 19, 1982), popularly known as Elis Regina, was a Brazilian singer of popular and Jazz music.	Elis Regina	São Paulo
place of death	Mia Slavenska (Slavonski Brod, February 20, 1916 -- Los Angeles, October 5, 2002), birth name Mia Čorak, was a Croatian-born American prima ballerina.	Mia Slavenska	Los Angeles
place of death	Grace Moore died in a plane crash near Copenhagen's airport on January 26, 1947, at the age of 48.	Grace Moore	Copenhagen
place of death	Hartmut Schairer was killed on 19 July 1942 by Soviet forces over Staraya Russa, Russia, his gunner and fellow Knight's Cross recipient Oberfeldwebel Heinz Bevernis was also killed.	Hartmut Schairer	Staraya Russa
place of death	Carl Heinrich Hermann (6 January 1802, Dresden - 30 April 1880, Berlin) was a German fresco-painter.	Carl Heinrich Hermann	Berlin
place of death	Franz Weidenreich (7 June 1873, Edenkoben -- 11 July 1948, New York City) was a Jewish German anatomist and physical anthropologist who studied evolution.	Franz Weidenreich	New York City
place of death	Roberto Pasca (2 April 1821, in Naples - 11 August 1897, in Naples) was a brigadier in the navy of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.	Roberto Pasca	Naples
place of death	Domènec Terradellas (baptized 13 February 1713, Barcelona -- 20 May 1751, Rome) was a Spanish opera composer.	Domènec Terradellas	Rome
place of death	René Cardona (October 8, 1905, Havana, Cuba -- April 25, 1988, Mexico City) was a director, actor, producer, screenwriter, script writer and film editor in the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.	René Cardona	Mexico City
place of death	Dom Henri Quentin was a French Benedictine monk, born 7 October 1872 at Saint-Thierry, died 4 February 1935 at Rome.	Henri Quentin	Rome
place of death	Sada Thompson died on May 4, 2011, in Danbury, Connecticut, of lung disease, aged 83.	Sada Thompson	Danbury
place of death	Waldemar Esteves da Cunha was born in the port city of Santos, Brazil, on August 9, 1920.	Waldemar Esteves da Cunha	Santos
place of death	Michele Sansebastiano or Vincenzo Michelangelo Sansebastiano (Novi Ligure, September 26, 1852 -- Genoa, 1908) was an Italian sculptor, mainly of terra cotta and stucco.	Michele Sansebastiano	Genoa
place of death	Denis Vaucher (February 18, 1898 -- February 24, 1993) was a cross country skier from Bern, Switzerland who competed in military patrol at the first winter Olympics in Chamonix in 1924.	Denis Vaucher	Bern
place of death	Edmond Thomas Quinn (1868, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- September 1929, New York City) was an American sculptor and painter.	Edmond Thomas Quinn	New York City
place of death	George Pyman (1822-1900) was a British shipping magnate born in Sandsend, in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England.	George Pyman	Yorkshire
place of death	Giacomo Cantelmo was born in Naples on June 13, 1645, the son of Filippo Cantelmo, duke of Popoli and prince of Pettorano, and Beatrice Brancia, duchess of Padula.	Giacomo Cantelmo	Naples
place of death	Alexander Strauch (born 1 March 1832 in Saint Petersburg - died 14 August 1893 in Wiesbaden, Germany) was a Russian naturalist, most notably an herpetologist.	Alexander Strauch	Wiesbaden
place of death	Konrad Bollstatter, also known as Konrad Müller (born in the 1420s, died 1482/1483) was a professional scribe of Augsburg, employed in chancellaries in Öttingen and Höchstädt.	Konrad Bollstatter	Augsburg
place of death	Helmut Schön (15 September 1915 in Dresden, Germany -- 23 February 1996 in Wiesbaden, Germany) was a German football player and manager.	Helmut Schön	Wiesbaden
place of death	Francesco Griffo (1450--1518), also called Francesco da Bologna, was a fifteenth-century Venetian punchcutter.	Francesco Griffo	Bologna
place of death	Jan Tomasz Zamoyski (June 12, 1912 in Klemensów -- June 29, 2002 in Warsaw) was a Polish political activist.	Jan Tomasz Zamoyski	Warsaw
place of death	John Darlington Newcomer (born August 23, 1867, Shippensburg, Pennsylvania-- died June 12, 1931, Charleston, South Carolina) was an American architect whose practice focused on Charleston, South Carolina in the early 20th century.	John Darlington Newcomer	Charleston
place of death	Sigismondo Betti (Florence, 1699- Florence, after 1777) was an Italian painter.	Sigismondo Betti	Florence
place of death	Jean de Brisacier (b. Blois, France, 9 June 1592; d. there, 10 September 1668) was a Jesuit controversialist and opponent of Jansenism.	Jean de Brisacier	Blois
place of death	William Odling, FRS (5 September 1829, Southwark, London -- 17 February 1921, Oxford) was an English chemist who contributed to the development of the periodic table.	William Odling	Oxford
place of death	Paul Jules Antoine Meillet (French: (ɑ̃twan mɛjɛ); November 11, 1866, Moulins, Allier -- September 21, 1936, Châteaumeillant) was one of the most important French linguists of the early 20th century.	Antoine Meillet	Châteaumeillant
place of death	Captain Edward John Eliot (20 September 1782 Shenstone, Staffordshire -- 6 November 1863 Peckham, Surrey ) was an English soldier.	Edward John Eliot	Peckham
place of death	James W. Naughton (1840--1898) was an American architect, the Superintendent of Buildings for the Board of Education of the City of Brooklyn.	James W. Naughton	Brooklyn
place of death	Bekir Sami Günsav (1879; Bandırma -- 1934; Istanbul) was an officer who servered for the Ottoman Army and Turkish Army.	Bekir Sami Günsav	Istanbul
place of death	Ilse Schwidetzky (married name Rösing, 6 September 1907 in Lissa -- 18 March 1997 in Mainz) was a German anthropologist.	Ilse Schwidetzky	Mainz
place of death	Enric Casals i Defilló (Barcelona, July 26, 1892 - July 31, 1986), brother of Pablo Casals, was a Catalan violinist, composer and conductor.	Enric Casals	Barcelona
place of death	Deng Jiaxian (simplified Chinese: 邓稼先; traditional Chinese: 鄧稼先; pinyin: Dèng Jiàxiān; Wade--Giles: Teng Chia-hsien) was born on June 25, 1924, in Huaining, Anhui province, and died on July 29, 1986 in Beijing.	Deng Jiaxian	Beijing
place of death	José Jerónimo Triana Silva (May 22, 1826 in Bogotá -- October 31, 1890 in Paris) was a Colombian botanist, explorer, and physician who cataloged over 60,000 specimens representing 8,000 species.	José Jerónimo Triana	Paris
place of death	He is buried with his son Marine Corps Captain ``Samuel Mercer'' at Laurel Hill Cemetery Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Samuel Mercer	Philadelphia
place of death	Nico Richter (2 December 1915, in Amsterdam -- 16 August 1945, in Amsterdam) was a Dutch composer.	Nico Richter	Amsterdam
place of death	Karl Siegfried Döhring (often misspelled Döring; 14 August 1879, in Cologne -- 1 June 1941, in Darmstadt; also known as Ravi Ravendro) was a German architect, art historian and archaeologist.	Karl Siegfried Döhring	Darmstadt
place of death	Oskar Baum (January 21, 1883, Pilsen - March 20, 1941, Prague) was a Czech music educator and writer.	Oskar Baum	Prague
place of death	Sanya Dharmasakti died at Ramathibodi Hospital, Bangkok on 6 January 2002.	Sanya Dharmasakti	Bangkok
place of death	Léon Gaston Genevier (18 June 1830, Saint-Clément-de-la-Place, near Angers -- 11 July 1880, Nantes) was a French pharmacist and botanist.	Léon Gaston Genevier	Nantes
place of death	Joseph Saurin (1 September 1659, Courthézon -- 29 December 1737, Paris) was a French mathematician and a converted Protestant minister.	Joseph Saurin	Paris
place of death	Giuseppe Fietta (November 6, 1883, Ivrea, Piedmont -- October 1, 1960) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Apostolic Nuncio to Italy from 1953 to 1958, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1958.	Giuseppe Fietta	Ivrea
place of death	Oscar Schlitter lived in the Berlin quarter of Schwanenwerder, which on German language Monopoly boards before 1933 occupied the square that English players of the game associated with Mayfair.	Oscar Schlitter	Berlin
place of death	Julius Fürst (German: (fʏɐ̯st); 12 May 1805, Zerkowo, South Prussia -- 9 February 1873, Leipzig), was a Jewish German orientalist.	Julius Fürst	Leipzig
place of death	Christian Stock (28 August 1884, Darmstadt, Grand Duchy of Hesse -- 13 April 1967 in Seeheim-Jugenheim) was a German Social Democrat politician and the first Prime Minister--	Christian Stock	Seeheim-Jugenheim
place of death	John Brack was Art Master at Melbourne Grammar School (1952--62).	John Brack	Melbourne
place of death	Waldemar Milewicz (August 20, 1956, Dobre Miasto, Poland -- May 7, 2004, Latifiya, Iraq) was a Polish journalist and war correspondent.	Waldemar Milewicz	Latifiya
place of death	Božidar Kantušer (Bozidar Kantuser) (December 5, 1921, Pavlovski Vrh, Slovenia -- May 9, 1999, Paris, France) was a Slovene composer of classical music.	Božidar Kantušer	Paris
place of death	Francis Sowerby Macaulay FRS (11 February 1862, Witney -- 9 February 1937, Cambridge) was an English mathematician who made significant contributions to algebraic geometry.	Francis Sowerby Macaulay	Cambridge
place of death	Charles-Philippe Larivière (28 September 1798, Paris -- 29 February 1876, Paris) was a French academic painter and lithographer.	Charles-Philippe Larivière	Paris
place of death	Jean-François-Maxime Raybaud (June 19, 1795 La Colle-sur-Loup, -- January 1, 1894 La Colle-sur-Loup, Alpes-Maritimes) was a French philhellene officer and writer, and a participant in the War of Independence of Greece.	Jean-François-Maxime Raybaud	La Colle-sur-Loup
place of death	Del Lord died on March 23, 1970 in Calabasas, California and is interred in the Olivewood Memorial Park, in Riverside, California.	Del Lord	Calabasas
place of death	Thomas Angell (c.1616-1694) was one of the four men who wintered with Roger Williams at Seekonk, Plymouth Colony, in early 1636, and then joined him in founding the settlement of Providence in what became the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.	Thomas Angell	Providence
place of death	Václav Kotva (January 20, 1922, in Radnice, Czechoslovakia -- November 3, 2004, in Praha, the Czech Republic) was a Czech actor.	Václav Kotva	Radnice
place of death	Jerónimo Rodriguez de Espinosa (1562 in Valladolid--c. 1630 in Valencia) was a Spanish painter of the Renaissance period active in the region of Valencia.	Jerónimo Rodriguez de Espinosa	Valencia
place of death	Jacopo Bartolomeo Beccari (25 July 1682 - 18 January 1766) was an Italian chemist, one of the leading scientists in Bologna in the first half of the eighteenth century.	Bartolomeo Beccari	Bologna
place of death	Alish Lambaranski (Azeri: Əliş Cəmil oğlu Ləmbəranski) (May 10, 1914, Lambaran, Karabakh region -- May 1, 1999, Baku)-Soviet and Azerbaijani statesman, mayor of Baku.	Alish Lambaranski	Baku
place of death	Ludwig Chronegk (3 November 1837, Brandenburg an der Havel -- 8 July 1891, Meiningen) was a German actor and director.	Ludwig Chronegk	Meiningen
place of death	Roberto Marcolongo (August 28, 1862 in Rome -- May 16, 1943 in Rome) was an Italian mathematician, known for his research in vector calculus and theoretical physics.	Roberto Marcolongo	Rome
place of death	Jacques Viau O.C., c.r., LL.L., LL.D., (1919--2003) was a Canadian lawyer practising in Montreal, Quebec.	Jacques Viau	Montreal
place of death	After stations in Bremen, Aachen, Stuttgart and Munich (National Theatre) Hugo Reichenberger became 1st ``Kapellmeister'' at the Stadttheater Frankfurt/Main in 1905 where he premiered Richard Strauss' Salome in 1907.	Hugo Reichenberger	Munich
place of death	Sir Miklós Perczel de Bonyhád (15 December 1812 in Bonyhád, Tolna county -- 4 March 1904 in Baja), was a Hungarian landholder, general, and one of the leaders of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848.	Miklós Perczel	Baja
place of death	Yahya Efendi or Molla Shaykhzadeh (b. 1494, Trabzon - d. 1570, Istanbul), Ottoman Islamic scholar, sufi, and poet buried in Beshiktash, Istanbul.	Yahya Efendi	Istanbul
place of death	Paolo Buzzi (15 February 1874, Milan -- 18 February 1956) was an Italian futurist playwright and poet.	Paolo Buzzi	Milan
place of death	Giovanni Raboni died of a heart attack in Parma in 2004.	Giovanni Raboni	Parma
place of death	Friedrich Wieseler (19 October 1811 in Altencelle -- 3 December 1892, Göttingen) was a German classical archaeologist and philologist.	Friedrich Wieseler	Göttingen
place of death	László Rédei (Rákoskeresztúr, 15 November 1900--Budapest, 21 November 1980) was a Hungarian mathematician.	László Rédei	Budapest
place of death	Peter Francis Tague (June 4, 1871 -- September 17, 1941) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Boston, Massachusetts.	Peter Francis Tague	Boston
place of death	Around 1923 the movement was called off and Mukunda Das settled with his group in Kolkata.	Mukunda Das	Kolkata
place of death	François de Nomé (1593 -- after 1620) was a French painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Naples.	François de Nomé	Naples
place of death	Claude Arrieu (born Paris, November 30, 1903 - died Paris, March 7, 1990) was a prolific French composer.	Claude Arrieu	Paris
place of death	Utilia Lenkiewitz (née Utilia van Mander) (1711 -- September 23, 1770) was a Danish actress, one of the very first of her profession from Denmark, and a member of the pioneer-troupe of the Royal Danish Theatre.	Utilia Lenkiewitz	Denmark
place of death	George Grenfell (21 August 1849, in Sancreed, Cornwall -- 1 July 1906, in Basoko, Congo Free State (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo)) was a Cornish missionary and explorer.	George Grenfell	Basoko
place of death	Andries Vaillant (1655 in Amsterdam -- 1693 in Berlin), was a Dutch Golden Age engraver and painter.	Andries Vaillant	Berlin
place of death	James Olds (May 30, 1922 in Chicago, Illinois - August 21, 1976 in California) was an American psychologist who co-discovered the pleasure center of the brain with Peter Milner while he was a postdoctoral fellow at McGill University in 1954.	James Olds	California
place of death	Karl Theodor Robert Luther (April 16, 1822 -- February 15, 1900), normally published as Robert Luther, was a German astronomer who searched for asteroids while working in Düsseldorf.	Robert Luther	Düsseldorf
place of death	Wolfger von Erla (c. 1140 -- 23 January 1218), was the Bishop of Passau from 1191 until 1204, when he became Patriarch of Aquileia.	Wolfger von Erla	Aquileia
place of death	Yehoshafat Harkabi (Hebrew: יהושפט הרכבי, born 1921, Haifa, Israel; died 1994, Jerusalem, Israel) was chief of Israeli military intelligence from 1955 until 1959 and afterwards a professor of International Relations and Middle East Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Yehoshafat Harkabi	Jerusalem
place of death	Milovan Zoričić (born in Zagreb, 1884 - died in Zagreb, 1971) was a Croatian football official and criminal judge.	Milovan Zoričić	Zagreb
place of death	Hans-Joachim Born (8 May 1909 in Berlin -- 15 April 1987 in Munich) was a German radiochemist trained and educated at the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Institut für Chemie.	Hans-Joachim Born	Munich
place of death	Auguste-Joseph Herlin (18 August 1815 -- 13 December 1900) was a French genre painter from Lille.	Auguste-Joseph Herlin	Lille
place of death	Kálmán Darányi de Pusztaszentgyörgy et Tetétlen (22 March 1886 in Budapest -- 1 November 1939 in Budapest) was a Hungarian politician who served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 1936 to 1938.	Kálmán Darányi	Budapest
place of death	Jacob Leyssens (alternative names: Jacob Lyssens, Nicolaas Leyssens and N. Lyssens and nickname Notenkraker) (1661, Antwerp - 1710, Antwerp), was a Flemish painter and decorator from the Baroque.	Jacob Leyssens	Antwerp
place of death	He also produced the shows California's Communities, California's Golden Fairs, Downtown, California's Water, California's Green, California's Golden Coast, California's Golden Parks, Road Trip, Visiting... with Huell Howser, California Missions, Palm Springs, Our Neighborhoods, The Bench, and various specials.	Huell Howser	Palm Springs
place of death	Richard Spaight Donnell (September 20, 1820 -- June 3, 1867) was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina; born in New Bern, North Carolina; was the grandson of United States of America Founding Father Richard Dobbs Spaight.	Richard Spaight Donnell	New Bern
place of death	Alexandros Svolos (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Σβώλος; 1892, Krousovo, Manastir Vilayet, Ottoman Empire -- 22 February 1956, Athens, Greece) was a prominent Greek legal expert, who also served as president of the Political Committee of National Liberation, a Resistance-based government during the Axis Occupation of Greece.	Alexandros Svolos	Athens
place of death	György Kornis (February 26, 1927 in Miskolc - March 27, 2011 in Budapest) was a Hungarian painter.	György Kornis	Budapest
place of death	Joseph Bologne, Chevalier de Saint-Georges (December 25, 1745 -- June 10, 1799) was a champion fencer, a virtuoso violinist and conductor of the leading symphony orchestra in Paris.	Chevalier de Saint-Georges	Paris
place of death	Dennis Brain was born in London to a family already well known for producing fine horn players.	Dennis Brain	London
place of death	István Abonyi (18 August 1886 -- 5 June 1942) was a Hungarian chess master, who was born and died in Budapest.	István Abonyi	Budapest
place of death	Zygmunt Andrychiewicz (1861, Justynów - 1943, Warta or Małków) was a Polish painter of portraits, landscapes and genre scenes.	Zygmunt Andrychiewicz	Warta
place of death	Andrea Basili (Città della Pieve, 16 December 1705 -- Loreto, 28 August 1777), was an Italian composer and music theorist.	Andrea Basili	Loreto
place of death	The mummified body of Huineng is kept in Nanhua Temple in Shaoguan (northern Guangdong).	Huineng	Shaoguan
place of death	Moshe Ron (1925, Warsaw, Poland - 2001, Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli materials scientist, specializing in metal hydrides.	Moshe Ron	Haifa
place of death	Herman Naiwincx (1623, Schoonhoven -- 1670, Hamburg), was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter and printmaker.	Herman Naiwincx	Hamburg
place of death	Herbert Blankenhorn (15 December 1904 in Mülhausen -- 10 August 1991 in Badenweiler) was a German diplomat.	Herbert Blankenhorn	Badenweiler
place of death	Jean Joseph Eleonora Antoine Ansiaux (1764 in Liège -- 1840 in Paris) was a historical and portrait painter.	Antoine Ansiaux	Paris
place of death	Percy Alexander MacMahon (born 26 September 1854, Sliema, Malta -- 25 December 1929, Bognor Regis, England) was a mathematician, especially noted in connection with the partitions of numbers and enumerative combinatorics.	Percy Alexander MacMahon	Bognor Regis
place of death	Jacobus Cornelis Gaal (September 5, 1796 in Oost-Souburg -- December 20, 1866 in Kampen) was a Dutch painter and etcher.	Jacobus Cornelis Gaal	Kampen
place of death	Pietro Fregoso (or Campofregoso; 1330 -- 22 April 1404) was a politician and statesman who became the 13th Doge of Genoa.	Pietro Fregoso	Genoa
place of death	Nils-Eric Fougstedt (24 May 1910, in Raisio -- 12 April 1961, in Helsinki) was a Finnish conductor and composer.	Nils-Eric Fougstedt	Helsinki
place of death	Ernst Ludwig Taschenberg (10 January 1818 in Naumburg (Saale)--19 January 1898, Halle) was a German entomologist.	Ernst Ludwig Taschenberg	Halle
place of death	Kirsten Rolffes (20 September 1928 -- 10 April 2000 in Copenhagen) was a Danish actress, internationally mostly recognized for her role in The Kingdom and Matador.	Kirsten Rolffes	Copenhagen
place of death	Erskine Tate (January 14, 1895, Memphis, Tennessee -- December 17, 1978, Chicago) was an American jazz violinist and bandleader.	Erskine Tate	Chicago
place of death	Franz Xaver Gebauer (c1784 -- 13 December 1822), born in Prussian Silesia, was an organist, composer of church music, and choirmaster and music director of the Augustinian Church, Vienna.	Franz Xaver Gebauer	Vienna
place of death	Robert Galloway died in Scotland on 24 February 1908 at Bridge of Allan, in Stirlingshire.	Robert Galloway	Bridge of Allan
place of death	Francesco Traini was an Italian painter who was documented as working from 1321 to ca 1365 in Pisa and Bologna.	Francesco Traini	Pisa
place of death	Ercole de' Roberti (c. 1451 -- 1496), also known as Ercole Ferrarese or Ercole da Ferrara, was an Italian artist of the Early Renaissance and the School of Ferrara.	Ercole de' Roberti	Ferrara
place of death	Artur Hofmann (born Plauen 24 June 1907: died Berlin 4 May 1987) was a German politician (KPD).	Artur Hofmann	Berlin
place of death	Hermann Ganswindt (June 12, 1856, Voigtshof bei Seeburg, East Prussia -- October 25, 1934, Berlin, Germany) was a German inventor and spaceflight scientist, whose inventions (such as the dirigible, the helicopter, and the internal combustion engine) are thought to have been ahead of his time.	Hermann Ganswindt	Berlin
place of death	Kurt Redel (8 October 1918 in Breslau, Silesia, now Wrocław, Poland -- 12 February 2013 in Munich, Germany) was a German flautist and conductor.	Kurt Redel	Munich
place of death	Gilbert Ovens (1884 or 1885--17 March 1963) was a professional association footballer who played in the Southern League for Bristol Rovers and Queens Park Rangers, as well as being on the books of Football League side Chelsea.	Gilbert Ovens	Bristol
place of death	Johannes Cornelis Princen (November 21, 1925 in The Hague -- February 22, 2002 in Jakarta), better known as Poncke Princen, was a Dutch anti-Nazi fighter and colonial soldier.	Poncke Princen	Jakarta
place of death	Sam Menning died of emphysema at Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center in Burbank, California, on March 31, 2010, at the age of 85.	Sam Menning	Burbank
place of death	Edward Leigh Chase (1884--1965) was an American painter and illustrator, and an early member of the Byrdcliffe experiment which gave rise to the artists' colony at Woodstock, New York.	Edward Leigh Chase	Woodstock
place of death	Luigi Cevenini (born 13 March 1895 in Milan; died 23 July 1968 in Villa Guardia) was an Italian football player and coach who played as a forward.	Luigi Cevenini	Villa Guardia
place of death	A street in Rio de Janeiro bears his name (Rua Gustavo Corção).	Gustavo Corção	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Having lived for years in the Connecticut town of Westport, near New York City, Ralph G. Martin moved to the Kendal on Hudson retirement community in another of the city's suburbs, Sleepy Hollow, where he died seven-and-a-half weeks before his 93rd birthday.	Ralph G. Martin	Sleepy Hollow
place of death	John MacCrate (March 29, 1885 in Dumbarton, Scotland -- June 9, 1976 in Brooklyn, New York) was a lawyer, a politician, serving as a U.S. Representative from New York, and a justice of the New York Supreme Court.	John MacCrate	Brooklyn
place of death	Francesco Camilliani (1530 Florence -- 1586) was a Tuscan sculptor of the Renaissance period.	Francesco Camilliani	Florence
place of death	Charles de La Fosse (or Lafosse) (June 16, 1636 -- December 13, 1716), French painter, was born in Paris.	Charles de La Fosse	Paris
place of death	Arthur Basil Radford (25 June 1897 Chester -- 20 October 1952 London) was an English character actor who featured in many British films of the 1930s and 1940s.	Basil Radford	London
place of death	Angel De Cora contracted pneumonia, and she died in the Cooley Dickinson Hospital in Northampton, Massachusetts on 6 February 1919.	Angel De Cora	Northampton
place of death	Feliks Paweł Jarocki (Pacanów, 14 January 1790 - 25 March 1865, Warsaw) was a Polish zoologist and entomologist.	Feliks Paweł Jarocki	Warsaw
place of death	Saint Fina (1238--1253), or Saint Serafina, was an Italian Christian girl who is venerated in the Tuscan town of San Gimignano.	Saint Fina	San Gimignano
place of death	Anne Joseph Hippolyte de Maurès, Comte de Malartic (3 July 1730, Montauban - 28 July 1800, Port-Louis, Mauritius) was a French colonial governor and general, notable for his service in Canada and Mauritius.	Anne Joseph Hippolyte de Maurès, Comte de Malartic	Port-Louis
place of death	Isidoro Falchi (Montopoli in Val d'Arno, 26 April 1838 -- Campiglia Marittima, 30 April 1914) was an Italian doctor and self-taught archaeologist.	Isidoro Falchi	Campiglia Marittima
place of death	Leonardos Philaras was born of Greek origins in Athens in 1595 to a distinguished family.	Leonardos Philaras	Athens
place of death	Castritian (Latin: Castritianus, Italian: Castriziano) was Bishop of Milan in mid 3rd-century.	Castritian	Milan
place of death	Édgar Morales Pérez was the mayor-elect of Matehuala, San Luis Potosí, Mexico, elected on July 1, 2012.	Édgar Morales Pérez	Matehuala
place of death	Paul Vredeman de Vries (Antwerp, 1567 - Amsterdam, 1617), was a Flemish painter and draughtsman who specialised in architectural paintings and, in particular, church interiors.	Paul Vredeman de Vries	Amsterdam
place of death	Manuel Baigorria was born in San Luis de la Punta de los Venados around 1809, son of Blas Baigorria and Petrona Ledesma.	Manuel Baigorria	San Luis
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Alexandre Le Blond (1679 -- 10 March 1719) was a French architect and garden designer who became the chief architect of Saint Petersburg in 1716.	Jean-Baptiste Alexandre Le Blond	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Caroline Boussart (12 December 1808, Binche - 2 December 1891, Bruges) was a Belgian feminist, journalist and managing director.	Caroline Boussart	Bruges
place of death	Márcio Thomaz Bastos (born July 30, 1935 in Cruzeiro, São Paulo -- November 20, 2014 in São Paulo) was a Brazilian jurist who served as the Minister of Justice of Brazil from 2003 to 2007.	Márcio Thomaz Bastos	São Paulo
place of death	His two-volume history of the War of 1812, running to 928 pages, was republished in 2011 as ``Pierre Berton's War of 1812 (Toronto: Anchor Canada, 2011).	Pierre Berton	Toronto
place of death	Ramiro Ledesma Ramos (May 23, 1905, Alfaraz de Sayago, Zamora -- October 29, 1936, Aravaca, Madrid) was a Spanish national syndicalist politician, essayist, and journalist.	Ramiro Ledesma Ramos	Madrid
place of death	Edmond Gondinet (March 7, 1828; Laurière -- November 19, 1888; Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French playwright and librettist.	Edmond Gondinet	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Hans Wollschläger (17 March 1935, Minden -- 19 May 2007, Bamberg) was a German writer, translator, historian, and editor of German literature.	Hans Wollschläger	Bamberg
place of death	Louis van Waefelghem (13 January 1840 in Bruges -- 19 June 1908 in Paris) was a Belgian violinist, violist and one of the greatest viola d'amore players of the 19th century.	Louis van Waefelghem	Paris
place of death	Rian James (né Julian Herbert Rothschild; 3 October 1899 Manhattan, New York -- 26 April 1953 Newport Beach, California) was an American screenwriter and author.	Rian James	Newport Beach
place of death	Carlo Bartolomeo Rastrelli (1675 in Florence, Italy -- 18 November 1744 in Saint Petersburg, Russia) was an Italian sculptor and architect.	Carlo Bartolomeo Rastrelli	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Veit Dietrich was born on 8 December 1506 in Nuremberg; his father was a shoemaker.	Veit Dietrich	Nuremberg
place of death	He has frequently been confused by later writers with his contemporary Henri Duponchel, at one time director of the Paris Opera, who also studied architecture and has often erroneously been referred to under Charles-Edmond Duponchel's name.	Charles-Edmond Duponchel	Paris
place of death	Natalie Clifford Barney (October 31, 1876 -- February 2, 1972) was an American playwright, poet and novelist who lived as an expatriate in Paris.	Natalie Clifford Barney	Paris
place of death	Hans Ulrich Engelmann (September 8, 1921 in Darmstadt - January 8, 2011) was a German composer.	Hans Ulrich Engelmann	Darmstadt
place of death	Christer Boustedt (21 March 1939 in Bromma -- 4 September 1986 in Alfta, Ovanåker Municipality) was a Swedish musician and actor.	Christer Boustedt	Alfta
place of death	Diana Turbay Quintero (March 9, 1950 -- January 25, 1991) was a Colombian journalist kidnapped by the Medellín Cartel and killed by the Colombia National Police during a rescue attempt.	Diana Turbay	Medellín
place of death	John Byron died on 10 April 1786 at home in London.	John Byron	London
place of death	Franziskus von Bettinger (September 17, 1850 -- April 12, 1917) was a German Cardinal and Roman Catholic Archbishop of Munich from 1909 to 1917.	Franziskus von Bettinger	Munich
place of death	Hans Reidar Holtermann (born 20 October 1895 in Sokndal, died 25 November 1966 in Bærum) was a Norwegian military officer.	Hans Reidar Holtermann	Bærum
place of death	Sandra Dorne (born 19 June 1924 in Keighley, West Riding of Yorkshire, died 25 December 1992 in Westminster, London) was a British actress.	Sandra Dorne	Westminster
place of death	Timothy Abbott Conrad (June 21, 1803 in Trenton, New Jersey -- August 9, 1877 in Trenton) was an American geologist and malacologist.	Timothy Abbott Conrad	Trenton
place of death	Billy Griffith died in Felpham, West Sussex, following a long illness in 1993, aged 78.	Billy Griffith	Felpham
place of death	Vojtěch I of Pernstein (also known as Adalbert I of Pernstein, Czech: Vojtěch z Pernštejna; 4 April 1490 at Moravský Krumlov Castle -- 17 March 1534 in Prague) was a Bohemian nobleman.	Vojtěch I of Pernstein	Prague
place of death	Constantin Dobrogeanu-Gherea (born Solomon Katz; 1855, near Yekaterinoslav (modern Dnipropetrovsk), then in Imperial Russia -- 1920, Bucharest) was a Romanian Marxist theorist, politician, sociologist, literary critic, and journalist.	Constantin Dobrogeanu-Gherea	Bucharest
place of death	Gary Jennings died in February 1999 in Pompton Lakes, New Jersey, aged 70, from heart failure.	Gary Jennings	Pompton Lakes, New Jersey
place of death	Jānis Kļaviņš (April 27, 1933 in Rīga, Latvia -- November 25, 2008 in Latvia) was a Latvian chess master who won the Latvian Chess Championship in 1952.	Jānis Kļaviņš	Latvia
place of death	Jean-Édouard Berthoud (December 11, 1846 -- June 21, 1916), commonly referred to as Jean Berthoud, was born in Neuchâtel and was married to Georgine Léonie Panier.	Jean Berthoud	Neuchâtel
place of death	Alice de Chambrier was born on September 28, 1861 in Neuchâtel, to Alfred de Chambrier and Sophie de Sandol-Roy, belonging to a family who played some part in public affairs at the time.	Alice de Chambrier	Neuchâtel
place of death	Friedrich Albrecht Erlenmeyer (9 March 1849 - 7 July 1926) was a German physician and psychiatrist born in Bendorf bei Koblenz.	Friedrich Albrecht Erlenmeyer	Bendorf
place of death	Joan Waste (1534 -- 1 August 1556) was a blind woman who was burned in Derby for refusing to renounce her Protestant faith.	Joan Waste	Derby
place of death	Mohamed Khider (Arabic: محمد خضر‎) (March 13, 1912, Biskra, Algeria -- January 4, 1967, Madrid, Spain) was an Algerian politician.	Mohamed Khider	Madrid
place of death	Jacques Deray (February 19, 1929 in Lyon -- August 9, 2003 Boulogne-Billancourt) was a French film director and screenwriter.	Jacques Deray	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of death	Hug de Llupià i Bages (Roussillon, ? - ?, 1427), was bishop of Tortosa, bishop of Valencia, and a Catalan writer in Latin language.	Hug de Llupià	Valencia
place of death	Pieter Jelles Troelstra (Leeuwarden, 20 April 1860 -- The Hague, 12 May 1930) was a Dutch politician active in the socialist workers' movement.	Pieter Jelles Troelstra	The Hague
place of death	Erdal İnönü died in Houston, Texas, USA on 31 October 2007, where he was being treated for leukaemia.	Erdal İnönü	Houston
place of death	Charles Rattray Smith (1859--1941) taught in Britain before emigrating to New South Wales, where he taught classics and languages at various public schools.	Charles Rattray Smith	New South Wales
place of death	Justo Justo was a Filipino columnist and Pasay City Councilor.	Justo Justo	Pasay
place of death	Şakir Eczacıbaşı served as the chairman of the board of directors of the Istanbul Foundation for Culture and Arts (IKSV) succeeding his brother Nejat in this post.	Şakir Eczacıbaşı	Istanbul
place of death	Theodor Hertzka, or Hertzka Tivadar (July 13, 1845, Budapest -- October 22, 1924, Wiesbaden) was a Jewish-Hungarian-Austrian economist and journalist.	Theodor Hertzka	Wiesbaden
place of death	George William Featherstonhaugh FRS /ˈfænˌʃɔː/ (London, 9 April 1780 -- Le Havre, 28 September 1866) was a British-American geologist and geographer.	George William Featherstonhaugh	Le Havre
place of death	Bert Johan Ouëndag, often recorded as B.J. Ouëndag, (December 1, 1861 in Amsterdam - September 21, 1932 in Amsterdam) was an architect from the Netherlands.	Bert Johan Ouëndag	Amsterdam
place of death	Samuel Jennings or Samuel Jenings was born in England and died in Burlington, New Jersey, in 1708.	Samuel Jennings	Burlington
place of death	Mátyás Biró, also known as Matthias Dévay (b. Déva n.d.; d. Debrecen 1547), was a Protestant Reformer who has been called the ``Luther of Hungary.''	Matthias Dévay	Debrecen
place of death	Thomas Girtin was born in Southwark, London, the son of a well-to-do brushmaker of Huguenot descent.	Thomas Girtin	London
place of death	Georges Ulmer was born with the given name, Jørgen Frederik Ulmer, on 16 February 1919 at Copenhagen, Denmark and died on 29 September 1989 at Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, France.	Georges Ulmer	Marseille
place of death	Jean Jules Linden (born 12 February 1817 Luxembourg - died 12 January 1898 Brussels), was a Belgian botanist and explorer, horticulturist and businessman, specialising in orchids, on which subject he wrote a number of books.	Jean Jules Linden	Brussels
place of death	Camillo Boccaccino (Italian: (bokkatˈtʃiːno); 1511 -- 4 January 1546) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Cremona and regions of Lombardy.	Camillo Boccaccino	Cremona
place of death	Amos Lawrence (22 April 1786, Groton, Massachusetts -- 31 December 1852, Boston, Massachusetts) was an American merchant and philanthropist.	Amos Lawrence	Boston
place of death	According to writings of the period, Thomas Heywood had been living in Clerkenwell since 1623 and it was there, at St. James's Church that he was buried eighteen years later.	Thomas Heywood	Clerkenwell
place of death	Oswald Achenbach (2 February 1827 -- 1 February 1905) was a German painter associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.	Oswald Achenbach	Düsseldorf
place of death	Frédéric Boissonnas (1858--1946) was a Swiss photographer born in Geneva 18 June 1858.	Frédéric Boissonnas	Geneva
place of death	Kurt Lüthi (October 31, 1923 -- June 11, 2010) was a Swiss Reformed theologian and a professor at the University Vienna.	Kurt Lüthi	Vienna
place of death	Walter Gramatté (8 January 1897 in Berlin -- 9 February 1929 in Hamburg) was a German expressionist painter who specialized in magic realism.	Walter Gramatté	Hamburg
place of death	Arcangeli died the following year at Monza, during the tests for the Italian Grand Prix, while driving an Alfa Romeo Tipo A. Arcangeli was killed in Monza while driving Alfa Romeo Tipo A. A Scuderia Luigi Arcangeli was created to honor Luigi Arcangeli name.	Luigi Arcangeli	Monza
place of death	Anzia Yezierska died November 21, 1970 of a stroke in a nursing home in Ontario, California.	Anzia Yezierska	Ontario
place of death	Born to Rudolf and Theresa Peyerl on August 11, 1983, Martin Peyerl and his sister Daniela lived with their parents on a busy street in Bad Reichenhall, Germany.	Martin Peyerl	Bad Reichenhall
place of death	Adolf Ellegard Jensen (1 January 1899 in Kiel - 20 May 1965 in Mammolshain, Taunus) was one of the most important German ethnologists of the first half of the 20th century.	Adolf Ellegard Jensen	Mammolshain
place of death	António Maria Baptista, GCTE (Beja, 5 January 1866 - Lisbon, 6 June 1920; Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈtɔniu mɐˈɾiɐ baˈtiʃtɐ)) was a Portuguese military officer and politician.	António Maria Baptista	Lisbon
place of death	sell everything to move first to Turin, and then to Nice where her sister had a guesthouse. Maria Perini passed away in Nice in 1938.	Maria Perini	Nice
place of death	Marie Louis Adolphe Guillaumat (January 4, 1863 -- Nantes, May 18, 1940) was a French Army general during World War I.	Adolphe Guillaumat	Nantes
place of death	The Norman Guitmund (died c. 1090--1095), Bishop of Aversa, was a Benedictine monk who was an opponent of the teachings of Berengar of Tours.	Guitmund	Aversa
place of death	Marino Zorzi (c. 1231 -- July 3, 1312), born in Venice, was the 50th Doge of the Republic of Venice, from August 23, 1311 to his death.	Marino Zorzi	Venice
place of death	Virgilio Lazzari (20 April 1887, Assisi -- 4 October 1953, Castel Gandolfo) was an Italian operatic bass who had an active international performance career from 1908 to 1953.	Virgilio Lazzari	Castel Gandolfo
place of death	Kurt Latte (9 March 1891, Königsberg -- 8 June 1964, Tutzing) was a German philologist and classical scholar known for his work on ancient Roman religion.	Kurt Latte	Tutzing
place of death	Giovanni Valentino Gentile (c.1520 in Scigliano -- 10 September 1566 in Bern) was an Italian humanist and non-trinitarian.	Giovanni Valentino Gentile	Bern
place of death	Francesco Fontebasso (4 October 1707 -- 31 May 1769) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque or Rococo period of Venice.	Francesco Fontebasso	Venice
place of death	Franz Anton von Zauner (5 July 1746/48, Falpetan im Oberinntal, Tyrolia - 3 March 1822, Vienna) was an Austrian sculptor who worked in the Neoclassical style.	Franz Anton von Zauner	Vienna
place of death	Jenny Hirsch (25 November 1829 in Zerbst -- 10 March 1902 in Berlin) was a German author and reformer.	Jenny Hirsch	Berlin
place of death	Jacob Ephraim Polzin (1778 -- 18 November 1851) was a German Neoclassical architect active in Bremen, Germany.	Jacob Ephraim Polzin	Bremen
place of death	Konrad Ludwig Georg Baring (8 March 1773, Hannover - 27 February 1848, Wiesbaden, during a spa treatment) was an officer in the army of the Electorate of Hanover and the British army's King's German Legion.	Georg Baring	Wiesbaden
place of death	Augustin Lanner (23 January 1835, Vienna -- 27 September 1855, Vienna), sometimes known as August Lanner, was an Austrian composer, the son of the better-known Josef Lanner.	August Lanner	Vienna
place of death	Willy Schneider (born 5 September 1905 in Cologne; died 12 January 1989 in Cologne) was a German schlager singer.	Willy Schneider	Cologne
place of death	Gustav Suits (30 November (O.S. 18 November) 1883 in Võnnu, Tartu County, Livonia -- 23 May 1956 in Stockholm, Sweden) is considered one of the greatest Estonian poets.	Gustav Suits	Stockholm
place of death	Veríssimo Correia Seabra (February 16, 1947 -- October 6, 2004) was a Guinea-Bissau general, known for leading a coup that deposed Kumba Ialá on September 14, 2003.	Veríssimo Correia Seabra	Bissau
place of death	Alfons Karpiński (Rozwadów near Tarnobrzeg, 20 February 1875 -- 6 June 1961, Kraków, Poland) was a Polish painter specializing in portraits of women, still-life and foreign landscape of Italy and France.	Alfons Karpiński	Kraków
place of death	Elisabeth Furse (30 August 1910--14 October 2002) was a Communist activist, World War II resistance escape route organizer, London bistro proprietress, and an early member of the Association of Cinematograph and Television Technicians (ACCT).	Elisabeth Furse	London
place of death	Alexander Godley died at the age of 90 in a rest home at Oxford on 6 March 1957.	Alexander Godley	Oxford
place of death	Rodolfo Nieto Labastida (July 13, 1936 in Oaxaca -- June 24, 1985 in Mexico City) was a Mexican painter of the Oaxacan School (apprenticed under Diego Rivera, later served him as an assistant).	Rodolfo Nieto	Mexico City
place of death	Johann Heinrich Alfred Escher vom Glas, known as Alfred Escher (20 February 1819 in Zurich -- 6 December 1882 in Zurich/Enge) was a Swiss politician, business leader and railways pioneer.	Alfred Escher	Enge
place of death	Henry Lerolle (3 October 1848 -- 22 April 1929) was a French painter, art collector and patron, born in Paris.	Henry Lerolle	Paris
place of death	Johann Veit (17 June 1852, Berlin -- 2 June 1917 near Schierke) was a German gynecologist.	Johann Veit	Schierke
place of death	Ogden Mills died of pneumonia on January 29, 1929 at the family home in New York City.	Ogden Mills	New York City
place of death	Maria Wirtemberska, also known as Maria Anna Princess Czartoryska, Duchess von Württemberg-Montbéliard (March 15, 1768, Warsaw -- October 21, 1854, Paris), was a Polish noble lady, writer, and philanthropist.	Maria Wirtemberska	Paris
place of death	Dennis Woodhead (12 June 1925 -- 26 July 1995) was a professional footballer whose career lasted from 1947 until 1959 during which time he played for Sheffield Wednesday, Chesterfield, Derby County and Southport.	Dennis Woodhead	Sheffield
place of death	Johann Joachim Bellermann (September 23, 1754 -- October 25, 1842) was a German Hebraist and professor of theology at Berlin University.	Johann Joachim Bellermann	Berlin
place of death	Enrica Calabresi graduated from the University of Florence in natural sciences on 1 July 1914 with a thesis on the hedgehog, Sul comportamento del condrioma nel pancreas e nelle ghiandole salivari del riccio durante il letargo invernale e l’attività estiva.	Enrica Calabresi	Florence
place of death	Gid Tanner was born at Thomas Bridge near Monroe, Georgia.	Gid Tanner	Georgia
place of death	George Kay (21 September 1891 -- 18 April 1954) was an English football player and manager of West Ham Utd, Luton Town, Southampton and Liverpool.	George Kay	Liverpool
place of death	Grete Wiesenthal (December 9, 1885, Vienna - June 22, 1970, Vienna) was a member of the corps de ballet of the Hofoper in Vienna.	Grete Wiesenthal	Vienna
place of death	Johann Sahulka (born 25 February 1857, Deutsch-Wagram - 8 October 1927, Vienna) was an Austrian scientist and professor of electrical engineering at Vienna University of Technology.	Johann Sahulka	Vienna
place of death	Pina Carmirelli (23 January 1914 in Varzi -- 26 February 1993 in Capena) was an Italian violinist.	Pina Carmirelli	Capena
place of death	William Turner Dannat died in 1929, aged 75, while at Monte Carlo.	William Turner Dannat	Monte Carlo
place of death	Willem van Heythuysen (1590s -- 1650), was a Dutch cloth merchant and hofje founder in Haarlem and Weert.	Willem van Heythuysen	Haarlem
place of death	Gaston Brière (1 December 1871, 11th arrondissement of Paris -- 22 June 1962, 16th arrondissement of Paris) was a French art historian and head curator of France's national museums.	Gaston Brière	Paris
place of death	Jacques du Broeucq was born and died in Mons and is perhaps best known as the teacher of Giambologna in Antwerp.	Jacques du Broeucq	Mons
place of death	Charlotte von Hagn (born 23 March 1809, Munich; died 23 April 1891, Munich) was a German actress of the Biedermeier-era.	Charlotte von Hagn	Munich
place of death	Nils Christoffer Dunér (Billeberga, Malmöhus län May 21, 1839 -- Stockholm November 10, 1914) was a Swedish astronomer.	Nils Christoffer Dunér	Stockholm
place of death	Miroslav Vlach (October 19, 1935 in Český Těšín, Czechoslovakia -- December 8, 2001 in Ostrava, Czech Republic) was an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team.	Miroslav Vlach	Ostrava
place of death	Evangelos Averoff-Tositsas (Greek: Ευάγγελος Αβέρωφ Τοσίτσας) (Trikala, April 17, 1910 -- Athens, January 2, 1990) son of Anastasios, was a distinguished right-wing Greek politician of Aromanian origin and author of several books on political and historical topics.	Evangelos Averoff	Athens
place of death	Władysław Strzemiński (Belarusian: Уладыслаў Страмінскі; 21 November 1893, Minsk -- 28 December 1952, Łódź) was a Polish avant-garde painter of international renown.	Władysław Strzemiński	Łódź
place of death	After the Civil War, James Cantey returned to his plantation near Fort Mitchell, Alabama.	James Cantey	Fort Mitchell
place of death	Ma Lik, GBS, JP (b. 23 February 1952, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China -- d. 8 August 2007), was a Legislative Councillor, and was the Chairman of the Democratic Alliance for Betterment of Hong Kong (DAB), a pro-Beijing political party in Hong Kong.	Ma Lik	Guangzhou
place of death	Salvatore Postiglione (Naples, December 20, 1861 -- Naples, November 28, 1906) was an Italian painter, mainly of portraits, and historic and genre subjects, in a Realist style.	Salvatore Postiglione	Naples
place of death	Adolf von Koenen (21 March 1837, Potsdam -- 5 May 1915, Göttingen) was a German geologist best remembered for his paleontological research of northern Germany.	Adolf von Koenen	Göttingen
place of death	Marc Behm (12 January 1925, Trenton, New Jersey -- 12 July 2007, Fort-Mahon-Plage, France) was an American novelist, actor and screenwriter, who lived as an expatriate in France.	Marc Behm	Fort-Mahon-Plage
place of death	Anton Janson (January 17, 1620, Wanden/Wauden? in Friesland - November 18, 1687, Leipzig) was a Dutch type founder and printer.	Anton Janson	Leipzig
place of death	Boyd Robert Horsbrugh (27 July 1871 Poona - 11 July 1916 England) was an English ornithologist and military man, best known for his 1912 book The Gamebirds and Waterfowl of South Africa, a collaborative work with Claude Gibney Finch-Davies.	Boyd Robert Horsbrugh	England
place of death	Alfred Thieme (1830 -- 1906) was a German industrialist and art collector from Leipzig.	Alfred Thieme	Leipzig
place of death	Whip Wilson (born Roland Charles Meyers June 16, 1911, Granite City, Illinois -- October 22, 1964, Los Angeles, California) was an American cowboy film star of the late 1940s and into the 1950s, known for his roles in B-westerns.	Whip Wilson	Los Angeles
place of death	Leonard James Rogers FRS (30 March 1862, Oxford, England, -- 12 September 1933, Oxford, England) was a British mathematician who was the first to discover the Rogers--	Leonard James Rogers	Oxford
place of death	Marcantonio Genua (1491--1563) (Marco Antonio Passeri) was a Renaissance Aristotelian philosopher who taught at the University of Padua.	Marcantonio Genua	Padua
place of death	Giovanni di Paolo di Grazia (c. 1403--1482) was an Italian painter, working primarily in Siena.	Giovanni di Paolo	Siena
place of death	Claudio Brindis de Salas Garrido (Claudio José Domingo Brindis de Salas Garrido, Havana, Cuba, 4 August 1852 -- Buenos Aires, Argentina 1 June 1911) was a Cuban concert violinist.	Claudio Brindis de Salas Garrido	Buenos Aires
place of death	Gustav Eduard Becker (May 2, 1819 in Oels, Silesia - September 17, 1885 in Berchtesgaden) was a German clockmaker and founder of the brand Gustav Becker.	Gustav Becker	Berchtesgaden
place of death	Eugène Protot, born in the French town Carisey in the province of Yonne, on 27 January 1839 and died in Paris 17 February 1921 was a political figure during the Paris Commune.	Eugène Protot	Paris
place of death	Stanisław Gronkowski (8 January 1922, Radom -- 20 May 2004, Kraków) was a Polish actor who performed at the Rhapsodic Theatre and the Old Theatre of Heleny Modrzejewski in Kraków.	Stanisław Gronkowski	Kraków
place of death	Gustav Hollaender (15 February 1855 in Leobschütz -- 4 December 1915 in Berlin) was a German violinist, conductor and composer.	Gustav Hollaender	Berlin
place of death	Mikhail Nikolayevich Kedrov (Михаил Николаевич Кедров; 2 January 1894 - 22 March 1972) was a Soviet stage director, actor and theatrical educator who managed the Moscow Art Theatre between 1946 and 1955.	Mikhail Nikolayevich Kedrov	Moscow
place of death	Karel Vítězslav Mašek (1 September 1865, Prague - 24 July 1927, Prague) was a Czech painter, architect, illustrator and art professor.	Karel Vítězslav Mašek	Prague
place of death	Donald Sadler died at Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex, on 24 October 1987.	Donald Sadler	Bexhill-on-Sea
place of death	Lucia of Syracuse (283--304), also known as Saint Lucy, or Saint Lucia (Italian: Santa Lucia), was a young Christian martyr who died during the Diocletianic Persecution.	Saint Lucy	Syracuse
place of death	Benigna Marie of Reuss-Ebersdorf (15 December 1695 in Ebersdorf -- 31 July 1751 in Pottiga) was a German hymn writer and a titular Countess of Reuss.	Benigna Marie of Reuss-Ebersdorf	Pottiga
place of death	Károly Antal (1909 - 1994, Budapest) was a twentieth century Hungarian sculptor.	Károly Antal	Budapest
place of death	Belisario Acquaviva, Duca di Nardò (c. 1464 -- 24 July 1528) was an Italian nobleman and writer from the Kingdom of Naples.	Belisario Acquaviva	Naples
place of death	Hilary Tindall died at her home in Selborne, Hampshire, in 1992, aged 54, after losing a 6-year battle against bowel cancer.	Hilary Tindall	Selborne
place of death	John Cheever Cowdin (March 17, 1889 - September 16, 1960) was an American financier and polo champion who was a head of Universal Pictures, Standard Capital Corporation of New York City, and was chairman of Ideal Chemicals.	John Cheever Cowdin	New York City
place of death	Nikephoros I or Nicephorus I, also Logothetes or Genikos (Greek: Νικηφόρος Α΄, Nikēphoros I, ``Bringer of Victory''; died July 26, 811), was Byzantine Emperor from 802 to 811 AD, when he was killed in the Battle of Pliska.	Nikephoros I	Pliska
place of death	Samuel Enderby Junior (1756--1829) was one of three sons of Samuel Enderby (1717--1797) and his wife Mary, née Buxton, a daughter of Enderby's partner at St Paul's Wharf, London.	Samuel Enderby Junior	London
place of death	Cilla Black died on 1 August 2015 after a fall in her villa in Estepona, Spain.	Cilla Black	Estepona
place of death	John Tasker Howard (November 30, 1890 in Brooklyn, New York -- November 20, 1964 in West Orange, New Jersey) was an early American music historian, radio host, writer, lecturer, and composer.	John Tasker Howard	West Orange
place of death	Ernst Borchert was killed on 1 May 1945 in Drolshagen.	Ernst Borchert	Drolshagen
place of death	Franz Hofer (November 27, 1902 in Bad Hofgastein -- February 18, 1975 in Mülheim an der Ruhr) was, in the time of the Third Reich, the Nazi Gauleiter of the Tyrol and Vorarlberg.	Franz Hofer	Mülheim an der Ruhr
place of death	Pedro Luis Brión (July 6, 1782, Curaçao -- September 27, 1821, Curaçao) was a military officer who fought in the Venezuelan War of Independence.	Luis Brión	Curaçao
place of death	Robert Vallis (born 1876 in England, UK-died 19 December 1932 in Brighton, Sussex) was a British actor.	Robert Vallis	Brighton
place of death	Domenico Battaglia (Naples, 1842 -- Naples, 1904) was an Italian painter, mainly of interior vedute.	Domenico Battaglia	Naples
place of death	Saint Ansgar (8 September 801 -- 3 February 865), also known as Anskar or Saint Anschar, was a Germanic Archbishop of Hamburg-Bremen.	Ansgar	Bremen
place of death	Louis Jacobsohn-Lask (2 March 1863, Bromberg -- 17 May 1941, Sevastopol) was a German neurologist and neuroanatomist.	Louis Jacobsohn-Lask	Sevastopol
place of death	Johannes Kleiman (17 August 1896, Koog aan de Zaan -- 28 January 1959, Amsterdam) was one of the Dutch citizens who helped hide Anne Frank and her family during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands.	Johannes Kleiman	Amsterdam
place of death	Johann Melchior Dinglinger (26 December 1664 --6 March 1731) was one of Europe's greatest goldsmiths, whose major works for the elector of Saxony, Augustus the Strong, survived in the Grünes Gewölbe (the ``Green Vaults''), Dresden.	Johann Melchior Dinglinger	Dresden
place of death	Isaac Newton Lewis (October 12, 1858, New Salem, Pennsylvania -- November 9, 1931, Hoboken, New Jersey) was a United States Army officer and the inventor of the Lewis Gun.	Isaac Newton Lewis	Hoboken
place of death	Stefano Scodanibbio (18 June 1956 in Macerata -- 8 January 2012 in Cuernavaca) was an Italian musician who reached international prominence as a double bassist and composer.	Stefano Scodanibbio	Cuernavaca
place of death	(Jean-Pierre Poirier, Ambroise Paré, Paris, 2006, p. 42.)	Ambroise Paré	Paris
place of death	Vuk Obradović (April 11, 1947 in the village of Kondželj, Serbia -- February 13, 2008 in Belgrade) was a Serbian general and politician.	Vuk Obradović	Belgrade
place of death	Prof. Dr. Oskar Naegeli (born February 25, 1885 in Ermatingen -- died November 19, 1959 in Fribourg), was a Swiss dermatologist and chess master.	Oskar Naegeli	Fribourg
place of death	Leonid Brailovsky (Brailovskii) (23 May 1867, Kharkiv, now Ukraine -- July 7, 1937, Rome, Italy) was a Russian architect, artist, designer, decorator, teacher and a member of Russian apostolate in the Diaspora.	Leonid Brailovsky	Rome
place of death	Antonio Solario (active perhaps 1502--1518), also known as Lo Zingaro (The Gypsy) was an Italian painter of the Venetian school, who worked in Naples, the Marche and possibly England.	Antonio Solario	Naples
place of death	Friedrich Weißler (born 28 April 1891 in Königshütte, Upper Silesia; died 19 February 1937 at Sachsenhausen concentration camp) was a German lawyer and judge.	Friedrich Weißler	Sachsenhausen concentration camp
place of death	Howard Buffett was born in Omaha, Nebraska to Henrietta Duvall Buffett and Ernest P. Buffett, owners of a grocery business.	Howard Buffett	Omaha
place of death	John Byrom or John Byrom of Kersal or John Byrom of Manchester FRS (29 February 1692 -- 26 September 1763) was an English poet, the inventor of a revolutionary system of shorthand and later a significant landowner.	John Byrom	Manchester
place of death	Wolfgang Krege (born 1 February 1939, Berlin; died 13 April 2005, Stuttgart) was a German author and translator.	Wolfgang Krege	Stuttgart
place of death	Leopold Kupelwieser (17 October 1796, Markt Piesting - 17 November 1862, Vienna) was an Austrian painter, often associated with the Nazarene movement	Leopold Kupelwieser	Vienna
place of death	Baron Herman Severin Løvenskiold (30 July 1815 -- 5 December 1870) was a Norwegian composer, most noted for his score for August Bournonville's 1836 version of the ballet La Sylphide for the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen.	Herman Severin Løvenskiold	Copenhagen
place of death	Gyula Kakas (1876 -- February 25, 1928 in Budapest) was a Hungarian gymnast.	Gyula Kakas	Budapest
place of death	Eugene Ormandy (November 18, 1899 -- March 12, 1985) was a Hungarian-born conductor and violinist who became internationally famous as the music director and conductor of the Philadelphia Orchestra.	Eugene Ormandy	Philadelphia
place of death	Lolita Sevilla died on 16 December 2013, aged 78, at the Hospital General Universitario Gregorio Marañón in Madrid.	Lolita Sevilla	Madrid
place of death	Kurt Gerstenberg (July 23, 1886, Chemnitz − November 2, 1968, Würzburg) was a German art historian, a pupil of Heinrich Wölfflin.	Kurt Gerstenberg	Würzburg
place of death	Disma Fumagalli (born Inzago, 8 September 1826 - died Milan, 9 March 1893) was an Italian composer and teacher of music.	Disma Fumagalli	Milan
place of death	Claudia Jennings (Mary Eileen Chesterton, December 20, 1949, Saint Paul, Minnesota -- October 3, 1979, Malibu, California) was an American model and actress.	Claudia Jennings	Malibu
place of death	Freidank may have died in 1233, if he was the magister Fridancus whose death was reported in the annals of the Cistercian monastery at Kaisheim.	Freidank	Kaisheim
place of death	François-Joseph Navez (Charleroi, 1787 -- Brussels, 1869) was a Belgian neo-classical painter.	François-Joseph Navez	Brussels
place of death	Heinrich Schenkl (29 January 1859, Innsbruck -- 3 December 1919, Vienna) was an Austrian classical philologist.	Heinrich Schenkl	Vienna
place of death	Achille Rivarde (31 October 1865 -- 31 March 1940) was an American-born British violinist and teacher, who worked mainly in Europe and London.	Achille Rivarde	London
place of death	Giovanni Carta, also known as John Carta (Alghero, January 7, 1946 -- Sacramento, September 29, 1990), was an Italian American airman and parachutist, veteran of the Vietnam War.	John Carta	Sacramento
place of death	Karl-Maria Kertbeny or Károly Mária Kertbeny (born Karl-Maria Benkert) (Vienna, February 28, 1824 -- Budapest, January 23, 1882) was an Austrian-born Hungarian journalist, memoirist, and human rights campaigner.	Karl-Maria Kertbeny	Budapest
place of death	Aldo Locatelli (Bergamo, August 18, 1915 -- Porto Alegre, September 3, 1962) was an Italian-Brazilian painter.	Aldo Locatelli	Porto Alegre
place of death	Reverend Ferdinand Kittel (Kannada: ಫರ್ಡಿನ್ಯಾಂಡ್ ಕಿಟ್ಟೆಲ್) (7 April 1832 in Resterhafe, East Frisia -- 18 December 1903 in Tübingen) was a priest and indologist with the Basel Mission in south India and worked in Mangalore, Madikeri and Dharwad in Karnataka.	Ferdinand Kittel	Tübingen
place of death	Alexandre Istrati (1915 in Dorohoi, Romania -- 1991 in Paris, France) was a Franco-Romanian painter.	Alexandre Istrati	Paris
place of death	Otto Katz, also known as André Simone amongst other aliases, was born in Jistebnice south of Prague, Bohemia, on May 27, 1895.	Otto Katz	Prague
place of death	Josiah Sutherland (June 12, 1804 Stissing, Dutchess County, New York -- May 25, 1887 New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Josiah Sutherland	New York City
place of death	Diego Mazquiarán (born February 19, 1895 in Sestao, Vizcaya, Spain -- died May 19, 1940 in Lima, Peru), often called simply Fortuna, was a Spanish matador.	Diego Mazquiarán	Lima
place of death	Sadegh Sharafkandi (Kurdish: Sadiq Şerefkendî ; 11 January 1938 Bukan -- 17 September 1992 Berlin) was a Kurdish political activist and the Secretary-General of the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran (PDKI).	Sadegh Sharafkandi	Berlin
place of death	Robert Leffler (9 January 1866, Aschersleben -- 15 March 1940, Berlin) was a German actor and singer.	Robert Leffler	Berlin
place of death	Ibrahim ibn Sinan ibn Thābit ibn Qurra (born : 295-296 A.H/908 A.D in Baghdad, died : 334-335 A.H/ 946 A.D in Baghdad, aged 38) was a Syriac speaking Muslim from Harran in northern Mesopotamia/Assyria, the grandson of Thābit ibn Qurra.	Ibrahim ibn Sinan	Baghdad
place of death	Thomas E. Murray died on July 21, 1929, at ``Wickapogue'', his summer estate in Southampton, Long Island, New York.	Thomas E. Murray	Southampton
place of death	Heinz Schenk ( December 11, 1924 in Mainz; May 1, 2014 in Wiesbaden) was a German television moderator and actor.	Heinz Schenk	Wiesbaden
place of death	Gabriele Sforza (born Carlo Sforza, 1423--1457), was a member of the Augustinian Order who served as Archbishop of Milan from 1445 to his death in 1457.	Gabriele Sforza	Milan
position held	Marcelo Sánchez Sorondo (born 8 September 1942) is an Argentine Catholic bishop and the current Chancellor of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences.	Marcelo Sánchez Sorondo	bishop
position held	Karin Scheele (born July 22, 1968 in Baden bei Wien) is an Austrian social democratic politician and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 till 2008.	Karin Scheele	member of the European Parliament
position held	Marco Antonio Firebaugh (October 13, 1966 -- March 21, 2006) was a Democratic member of the California State Assembly from 1998 until 2004.	Marco Antonio Firebaugh	member of the California State Assembly
position held	Connie Pillich is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 28th District since 2009.	Connie Pillich	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Derrick Seaver is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 78th District from 2001-2006.	Derrick Seaver	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Little is known of Giustiniani's immediate family but it seems certain there was some form of familial link to Olimpia Giustiniani, her grandmother Olimpia Maidalchini and grand-uncle Giovanni Battista Pamphili (later Pope Innocent X who elevated Orazio Giustiniani to cardinal).	Orazio Giustiniani	cardinal
position held	Hugh O'Brien (July 13, 1827 -- August 1, 1895) was the 31st mayor of Boston, from 1884--1888.	Hugh O'Brien	mayor of Boston
position held	Claude Bouhier de Lantenay (Dijon, 19 October 1681 -- Dijon, 19 June 1755) was a French clergyman and the second bishop of Dijon after his uncle Jean Bouhier.	Claude Bouhier de Lantenay	bishop
position held	Picrochole is a stereotypical bad king, whom Rabelais seeks to deride by putting him in apposition to the good king, represented by Grandgousier, Gargantua's father.	Picrochole	king
position held	Vasudeva I (Kushan: ΒΑΖΟΔΗΟ ``Bazodeo'', Chinese: 波調 ``Bodiao'') was a Kushan emperor, last of the ``Great Kushans.''	Vasudeva I	emperor
position played on team / speciality	Steve Pecher (born St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who is currently the Director of the St. Louis/Busch Soccer Club.	Steve Pecher	defender
position played on team / speciality	Savvas Siatravanis (born 24 November 1992 in Larissa) is a Greek attacking midfielder, playing for Iraklis in the Greek Football League.	Savvas Siatravanis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Hăisan (born 3 March 1981 in Iaşi, Romania) is a Romanian former football goalkeeper.	Cristian Hăisan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alex Afonso (born 24 March 1981 in Jaú, São Paulo) was a Brazilian football (soccer) forward.	Alex Afonso	forward
position played on team / speciality	John Nusum is a retired Bermudan football defender who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	John Nusum	defender
position played on team / speciality	Naing Lin Oo (Burmese: နိုင်လင်းဦး; born 15 June 1993) is a footballer from Burma, and a midfielder for Myanmar national football team.He played for Myanmar U-22 in 2013 AFC U-22 Asian Cup qualification He currently plays for Ayeyawady United in Myanmar National League.	Naing Lin Oo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yirlania Arroyo Fonseca (born May 28, 1986 in Springfield, New Jersey) is a Costa Rican international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Costa Rica women's national team.	Yirlania Arroyo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fata Salkunič is a currently unattached Slovenian football midfielder, currently playing for USV Jena in the German Bundesliga.	Fata Salkunič	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksiy Kazakov (Ukrainian: Олексій Олегович Казаков, born 22 February 1990 in Mariupol, Donetsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for KS Bystrzyca Kąty Wrocławskie in the III liga (Poland).	Oleksiy Kazakov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Iltaf Ahmed (born on 2 December 1979) is a British Pakistani footballer, who was the number one goalkeeper of Pakistan national football team.	Iltaf Ahmed	goalkeeper
publication date	Identity Pieces (French: Pièces d'identités) is a 1998 Belgian/French/Congolese comedy film written and directed by Mweze Ngangura.	Identity Pieces	1998
publication date	Pattanakke Banda Pathniyaru (Kannada: ಪಟ್ಟಣಕ್ಕೆ ಬಂದ ಪತ್ನಿಯರು) is a 1980 Indian Kannada film, directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao and produced by S. D. Ankalagi, B. H. Chandannanawar, M. G. Hublikar and Surendra Ingle.	Pattanakke Banda Pathniyaru	1980
publication date	Bansuri Guru is a 2013 Indian documentary film about the life of classical instrumentalist Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia.	Bansuri Guru	2013
publication date	Champion Thomas is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Rex and produced by Rex.	Champion Thomas	1990
publication date	Zift (Bulgarian: ``Дзифт'', ``Dzift'') is 2008 black-and-white Bulgarian film that combines neo-noir and black comedy with socialist retro motifs; it is based on Vladislav Todorov's 2006 eponymous novel who also wrote the script.	Zift	2008
publication date	Worm War I an Atari 2600 game written by David Lubar and published by 20th Century Fox in 1982.	Worm War I	1982
publication date	Silsiilay (Hindi: सिलसिले) is a 2005 Hindi romance film written and directed by Khalid Mohammed.	Silsiilay	2005
publication date	The Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition (1910--1911) is a 29-volume reference work, an edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica.	Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition	1911
publication date	Jackass 3D (also known as Jackass 3) is a 2010 American 3D adult comedy film and the third film in the Jackass film series.	Jackass 3D	2010
publication date	En la ardiente oscuridad (In the Burning Darkness) is a 1958 Argentine film based on a play of the same name by Antonio Buero Vallejo.	En la ardiente oscuridad	1958
publication date	At the 2012 Kerala State Film Awards, Kaliyachan received three awards --	Kaliyachan	2012
publication date	A Matter of Hair is a 2004 11-minute comedy film written and directed by Ana Torres-Alvarez.	A Matter of Hair	2004
publication date	An early version of Good Morning Karachi was presented in 2013 in India at the 15th Mumbai Film Festival, in Sweden at the Goteborg International Film Festival, and in the United States at the 3rd i South Asian Film Festival in San Francisco and the South Asian International Film Festival in New York.	Good Morning Karachi	2013
publication date	Your Name Here (formerly Panasonic) is a 2008 American surreal dramatic fantasy biopic loosely based on the life of Philip K. Dick.	Your Name Here	2008
publication date	Paris, je t'aime (French pronunciation: ​(paʁi ʒə tɛm); Paris, I love you) is a 2006 anthology film starring an ensemble cast of actors of various nationalities.	Paris, je t'aime	2006
publication date	Don't Change the Subject is a 2012 documentary film executive produced and directed by Mike Stutz, focusing on suicide and attempts to deal with the subject more directly through the use of humor and the arts as well as interviews.	Don't Change the Subject	2012
publication date	Nakkare Ade Swarga (Kannada: ನಕ್ಕರೆ ಅದೇ ಸ್ವರ್ಗ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film, directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Nahatha and Srikanth Patel.	Nakkare Ade Swarga	1967
publication date	Olives and Their Oil is a 1914 educational short film about the production of olive oil.	Olives and Their Oil	1914
publication date	Veeramum Eeramum is a Tamil language film directed by Sanjay Ram, which released on 5 October 2007.	Veeramum Eeramum	2007
publication date	Over 21 is a 1945 comedy film about a wife who supports her husband's decision to enlist in the army for World War II over the objections of his boss.	Over 21	1945
publication date	Garfield Gets Real (also known as Garfield 3D in some regions) is a 2007 American CGI movie starring Garfield.	Garfield Gets Real	2007
publication date	Originally broadcast from 2002 to 2007, Kim Possible was Disney Channel's longest-running original animated series until it was surpassed by Phineas and Ferb, but still remains unique for being given one more season after the finale movie due to fan demand.	Kim Possible	2002
publication date	Shwaas (Marathi: श्‍वास, The Breath) is a Marathi film, released in 2004.	Shwaas	2004
publication date	The Rise of the Meritocracy is a satirical essay by British sociologist and politician Michael Young which was first published in 1958.	The Rise of the Meritocracy	1958
publication date	Blood Knights was released on 1 November 2013 for the Xbox 360, 13 November 2013 for the PC, and 19 November 2013 for the PlayStation 3, with an ESRB rating of Mature.	Blood Knights	1 November 2013
publication date	Hugo Troll Race is a free-to-play endless runner video game in the Hugo franchise, developed by Hugo Games and published by Krea Medie in 2012.	Hugo Troll Race	2012
publication date	Heartbeeps is a 1981 romantic sci-fi comedy film about two robots who fall in love and decide to strike out on their own.	Heartbeeps	1981
publication date	Some More of Samoa was filmed on May 12--15, 1941.	Some More of Samoa	1941
publication date	The Beckoning Silence is a 2007 British television film that follows and retraces the unsuccessful attempt to scale the north face of the Eiger led by Toni Kurz in 1936.	The Beckoning Silence	2007
publication date	Spirit of the Wind (or Attla) is a 1979 American film directed by Ralph Liddle.	Spirit of the Wind	1979
publication date	Being Caribou is a 2005 documentary film that chronicles the travels of husband and wife Karsten Heuer and Leanne Allison following the migration of the Porcupine caribou Herd, in order to explore the Arctic Refuge drilling controversy.	Being Caribou	2005
publication date	Plays Metallica by Four Cellos is the debut album by Finnish metal band Apocalyptica, released in 1996.	Plays Metallica by Four Cellos	1996
publication date	Sleeping Acres is a 1921 American film starring Australian actor Snowy Baker.	Sleeping Acres	1921
publication date	Don't Answer the Phone! is a 1980 low-budget cult classic horror thriller film directed by Robert Hammer, written by Hammer and Michael D. Castle.	Don't Answer the Phone	1980
publication date	Ponga Pandit is 1975 Hindi movie produced by Surinder Kapoor and directed by Prayag Raj.	Ponga Pandit	1975
publication date	Toccata for Toy Trains is a 1957 short film by Charles and Ray Eames, one of several films (including Powers of Ten, made many years later) the husband-and-wife design team made during their career.	Toccata for Toy Trains	1957
publication date	Lying Eyes is a 1996 television film starring Cassidy Rae, Vincent Irizarry, Allison Smith and Jamie Rose.	Lying Eyes	1996
publication date	Billy Childish Is Dead is a 2005 rock n'' roll themed documentary on the life of Billy Childish.	Billy Childish Is Dead	2005
publication date	High Security Vacation (Russian: Каникулы строгого режима) is a 2009 Russian comedy film directed by Igor Zaytsev.	High Security Vacation	2009
publication date	Mel Foster and the Demon Butler has been published by Egmont Publishing in August 2015.	Mel Foster and the Demon Butler	August 2015
publication date	Gun Grit is a 1936 American film directed by William Berke.	Gun Grit	1936
publication date	Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold is a 1995 satirical science fiction film starring J.J. North, Ted Monte, Tammy Parks, Raelyn Saalman, Nikki Fritz, John LaZar, Michelle Bauer, Tim Abell, and Jay Richardson.	Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold	1995
publication date	The first film in the series, Lesbian Seductions 01, was released in 2005.	Lesbian Seductions	2005
publication date	The Bad Lord Byron is a 1949 British historical drama film centered on the life of Lord Byron.	The Bad Lord Byron	1949
publication date	Frozen Kiss is a 2009 American drama film, supposedly based on a true story.	Frozen Kiss	2009
publication date	To Fili Tis Zois (Greek: Το φιλί της ζωής) is a 2007 film directed by Nick Zapatina.This film is known for its soundtrack, written and produced by Nick Zapatina (see To Fili Tis Zois (soundtrack)).	To Fili Tis Zois	2007
publication date	Sri Ramanjaneya Yuddha (Kannada: ಶ್ರೀ ರಾಮಾಂಜನೇಯ ಯುದ್ಧ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by M. S. Nayak.	Sri Ramanjaneya Yuddha	1963
publication date	Do Jhoot is a 1975 Bollywood romance film directed by Jitu Thakar.	Do Jhoot	1975
publication date	Rachel River is a 1987 comedy-drama film about a young journalist who returns to her Minnesota home town to reexamine her life.	Rachel River	1987
publication date	Who's Guilty? is a 1945 American film serial.	Who's Guilty?	1945
publication date	Johnny Dangerously is a 1984 American parody of 1930s' crime/gangster movies.	Johnny Dangerously	1984
publication date	Curse, Death & Spirit is a 1992 three-part anthology of Japanese ghost stories from director Hideo Nakata.	Curse, Death & Spirit	1992
publication date	The Whole Year is Christmas (Spanish: Todo el año es Navidad) is a 1960 Argentine film.	The Whole Year is Christmas	1960
publication date	His Wife's Lover (1931, original Yiddish title Zayn Vaybs Lubovnik) was billed as the ``first Jewish musical comedy talking picture''.	His Wife's Lover	1931
publication date	American Daylight is a 2004 Indian film production in Hollywood.	American Daylight	2004
publication date	Ten from Tomorrow is a collection of science fiction short stories (see Index to Science Fiction Anthologies and Collections) by E. C. Tubb, published in 1966.	Ten from Tomorrow	1966
publication date	Death Scream is a made-for-television film first aired in the United States on ABC on September 26, 1975.	Death Scream	1975
publication date	Miss Bala is a 2011 Mexican drama film written by Gerardo Naranjo with Mauricio Katz and directed by Gerardo Naranjo.	Miss Bala	2011
publication date	Return with Honor is a 1999 documentary film about American prisoners of war in the Vietnam War.	Return with Honor	1999
publication date	Scratches in the Table (Dutch: Madelief, krassen in het tafelblad) is a 1998 Dutch film directed by Ineke Houtman.	Scratches in the Table	1998
publication date	Smooth Velvet, Raw Silk is a 1976 film.	Smooth Velvet, Raw Silk	1976
publication date	Gadibidi Ganda is a Kannada film released in 1993, directed by V. S. Reddy.	Gadibidi Ganda	1993
publication date	Gandedhe (Kannada: ಗಂಡೆದೆ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language romantic action film written and directed by Akul Shiva and produced by Ramu of Ramu Enterprises.	Gandedhe	2010
publication date	Megablast (メガブラスト) is a 1989 Horizontal scrolling shooter arcade game released by Taito in Europe and Japan.	Megablast	1989
publication date	Those She Left Behind is a 1989 made-for-TV movie about a father forced to raise his newborn daughter alone after the unexpected death of his wife in childbirth.	Those She Left Behind	1989
publication date	Microsoft previewed Active Directory in 1999, released it first with Windows 2000 Server edition, and revised it to extend functionality and improve administration in Windows Server 2003.	Active Directory	1999
publication date	Windosill is a 2009 puzzle video game by Vectorpark for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, web browsers, and iOS.	Windosill	2009
publication date	Mighty Jill Off was designed and developed by American video game designer and critic Anna Anthropy, also known as Auntie Pixelante, in 2008.	Mighty Jill Off	2008
publication date	Kathe Chitrakathe Nirdeshana Puttanna (Kannada: ಕಥೆ, ಚಿತ್ರಕಥೆ, ನಿರ್ದೇಶನ ಪುಟ್ಟಣ್ಣ) is a 2016 Kannada comedy horror film directed by Srinivasa Raju, and is a remake of the 2014 Telugu film Geethanjali.	Kathe Chitrakathe Nirdeshana Puttanna	2016
publication date	Putham Puthu Poove (Tamil: புத்தம் புது பூவே) is a Tamil film released in 1997.	Putham Puthu Poove	1997
publication date	Mojave Moon is a 1996 American road movie.	Mojave Moon	1996
publication date	Serafim, the Lighthouse Keeper's Son (Serafin, svjetioničarev sin) is a 2002 Croatian film directed by Vicko Ruić.	Serafim, the Lighthouse Keeper's Son	2002
publication date	Countess Dracula is a 1971 horror film based on the legends surrounding the ``Blood Countess'' Elizabeth Báthory.	Countess Dracula	1971
publication date	Christmas Every Day is a 1996 American television movie, based on William Dean Howells's 1892 short story, ``Christmas Every Day''.	Christmas Every Day	1996
publication date	Jazz Heaven is a 1929 American romantic comedy directed by Melville Brown, and written by Myles Connolly and J. Walter Ruben, based on a story by Pauline Forney and Dudley Murphy.	Jazz Heaven	1929
publication date	The Singing Ringing Tree (German: Das singende, klingende Bäumchen) was a children's film made by East German studio DEFA in 1957 and shown in the form of a television series by the BBC.	The Singing Ringing Tree	1957
publication date	The Noble Family (Spanish: Nosotros los Nobles) is a 2013 Mexican dark comedy film directed by Gary Alazraki, starring Gonzalo Vega, Luis Gerardo Méndez, Karla Souza and Juan Pablo Gil, with Ianis Guerrero, Carlos Gascón and Mario Haddad in supporting roles.	The Noble Family	2013
publication date	Malabaril Ninnoru Manimaaran is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film directed by Pappan..	Malabaril Ninnoru Manimaaran	1998
publication date	Pandora's Clock (also known as Doomsday Virus) is a 1996 NBC miniseries based on a novel by John J. Nance about a deadly virus on a Boeing 747-200 from Frankfurt to John F. Kennedy International Airport.	Doomsday Virus	1996
publication date	The Heart of Texas is a 2008 American documentary film.	The Heart of Texas	2008
publication date	Bosom Friends is a 1934 American short film produced by E. W. Hammons.	Bosom Friends	1934
publication date	Wild Gold is a 1934 American romance film directed by George Marshall and written by Lester Cole and Henry Johnson.	Wild Gold	1934
publication date	Crash Dive is a World War II film in Technicolor released in 1943.	Crash Dive	1943
publication date	Lost Flight is a 1969 dramatic film written and produced for television based on producer Frank Price's unsuccessful 1966 TV pilot, Stranded, but had a brief theatrical release in Australia in 1970 and 1971 in a limited New York showing.	Lost Flight	1969	1970
publication date	The Big Little Person was a 1919 American silent romantic drama film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.	The Big Little Person	1919
publication date	Advise & Consent is a 1962 American neo noir motion picture based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Allen Drury, published in 1959.	Advise & Consent	1962
publication date	She's Done it Again is a 1910 American silent short comedy written by Lloyd Lonergan and produced by the Thanhouser Company in New Rochelle, New York.	She's Done it Again	1910
publication date	Million Dollar Mystery (also known as Money Mania) is a 1987 American film released with a promotional tie-in for Glad-Lock brand bags.	Million Dollar Mystery	1987
publication date	Ricordare Anna is a 2004 Swiss German and Italian language drama film.	Ricordare Anna	2004
publication date	My Tale Is Hot is a 1964 Sonney Amusement Enterprises comedy/fantasy erotic movie.	My Tale Is Hot	1964
publication date	Paavai Vilakku (Tamil: பாவை விளக்கு) is a Tamil 1960 film directed by K. Somu.	Paavai Vilakku	1960
publication date	Time Riders in American History is a 1992 educational history-themed video game.	Time Riders in American History	1992
publication date	Cadavre Exquis première édition is a 2006 Canadian French language film.	Cadavre Exquis première édition	2006
publication date	Rui Ka Bojh (The Weight of Cotton) is a 1997 Hindi drama film directed by Subhash Agarwal, based on Chandra Kishore Jaiswal's novel Gawah Ghair Hazir with Pankaj Kapoor, Reema Lagoo and Raghubir Yadav in lead roles.	Rui Ka Bojh	1997
publication date	Bearing Witness is a 2005 television film by Barbara Kopple and Marijana Wotton.	Bearing Witness	2005
publication date	Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters (also known as Aqua Teen Hunger Force: The Movie) is a 2007 American flash adult animated action comedy film based on the Adult Swim animated series Aqua Teen Hunger Force.	Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters	2007
publication date	Neverlake is a 2013 Italian slasher horror film and the feature film directorial debut of Riccardo Paoletti.	Neverlake	2013
publication date	Screamer Rally is the third game in the Screamer series, released in 1997, and the last to be developed by Milestone.	Screamer Rally	1997
publication date	A Couch in New York (French title Un divan à New York) is a 1996 film about an anonymous exchange of apartments between a successful New York psychoanalyst and a young woman from Paris.	A Couch in New York	1996
publication date	Just One More Time, released theatrically as The Over-Amorous Artist, is a 1974 British sex comedy film directed by Maurice Hamblin and starring John Hamill, Sue Longhurst and Claire Russell.	Just One More Time	1974
publication date	Rotor DR1 is a 2015 science fiction film directed by Chad Kapper, who also served as executive producer.	Rotor DR1	2015
publication date	Blondie for Victory is a 1942 American film, and the 12th entry in the Blondie series.	Blondie for Victory	1942
publication date	High Hell is a 1958 American film set in the Canadian Rockies.	High Hell	1958
publication date	Manassinakkare (Malayalam: മനസ്സിനക്കരെ, English: Beyond the Mind) is a 2003 Malayalam family drama film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Ranjan Pramod.	Manassinakkare	2003
publication date	Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show is a 2009 animated television adventure buddy comedy road film based on the award-winning Ed, Edd n Eddy animated series.	Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show	2009
publication date	What Would You Do, Chums? is a 1939 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Syd Walker, Jean Gillie, Cyril Chamberlain and Peter Gawthorne.	What Would You Do, Chums?	1939
publication date	My Illegal Wife is a 2014 Filipino comedy spoof film directed by Tony Y. Reyes starring Pokwang and Zanjoe Marudo.	My Illegal Wife	2014
publication date	Uncle Was a Vampire (Italian: Tempi duri per i vampiri) is a 1959 Italian film directed by Steno.	Uncle Was a Vampire	1959
publication date	The Moonhunter (Thai: 14 tula, songkram prachachon, 14 ตุลา สงครามประชาชน) is a 2001 Thai film directed by Bhandit Rittakol.	The Moonhunter	2001
publication date	The Gifts is a 1970 American short documentary film about water pollution in the United States, produced by Robert McBride for the Environmental Protection Administration.	The Gifts	1970
publication date	Pramukhan is a 2009 Indian Malayalam film directed bySalim Baba.	Pramukhan	2009
publication date	The Trials of Oscar Wilde also known as The Man with the Green Carnation and The Green Carnation, is a 1960 British film based on the libel and subsequent criminal cases involving Oscar Wilde and the Marquess of Queensberry.	The Trials of Oscar Wilde	1960
publication date	Der Westwall (English: The West Wall) is a 1939 film about the Siegfried Line directed by Fritz Hippler, the head of the film division within the Propagandaministerium.	Der Westwall	1939
publication date	Leningrad 46 (2014) (Russian: Ленинград 46, stylized as ЛЕНИНГРАД	Leningrad 46	2014
publication date	The Forgotten Children of Congo is a 2007 British documentary film written, produced and directed by Alex Tweddle for Angry Man Pictures Ltd.	The Forgotten Children of Congo	2007
publication date	That Awkward Moment (released as Are We Officially Dating? in Australia, Indonesia, and New Zealand) is a 2014 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Tom Gormican in his directorial debut.	That Awkward Moment	2014
publication date	``Mudd's Women'' is an episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek that was first broadcast on October 13, 1966, and then repeated on May 4, 1967.	Mudd's Women	1966
publication date	Short Order is a 2005 Irish drama film written and directed by Anthony Byrne.	Short Order	2005
publication date	Eva & Leon (French title: L'Echappée Belle) is a 2015 French drama film written and directed by Émilie Cherpitel.	Eva & Leon	2015
publication date	The Mini-Skirt Mob is a 1968 action film about a female motorcycle gang.	The Mini-Skirt Mob	1968
publication date	Sangamam (Tamil: சங்கமம்) is a 1999 Tamil musical romance film directed by Suresh Krishna and produced by V. Natarajan of Pyramid Films.	Sangamam	1999
publication date	Army of Frankensteins is a 2014 American science fiction horror film written and directed by Ryan Bellgardt.	Army of Frankensteins	2014
publication date	5 Sundarikal (English: Five Beautiful Women) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic anthology film.	5 Sundarikal	2013
publication date	The Brave Engineer is a 1950 Walt Disney-produced short subject cartoon, based on the exploits of legendary railroad engineer John Luther ``Casey'' Jones.	The Brave Engineer	1950
publication date	Aggiungi un posto a tavola is a musical comedy written by Pietro Garinei, Sandro Giovannini and Iaia Fiastri, which debuted in 1974 under the direction of Garinei and Giovannini.	Aggiungi un posto a tavola	1974
publication date	1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die is a video game reference book first published in October 2010.	1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die	2010
publication date	Twelve O'Clock High premiered in Los Angeles on December 21, 1949, and opened in New York on January 26, 1950.	Twelve O'Clock High	1950
publication date	The Life and Hard Times of Guy Terrifico is a Canadian mockumentary film released in 2005.	The Life and Hard Times of Guy Terrifico	2005
publication date	Sharey Chuattor (Bengali: সাড়ে চুয়াত্তর; English:Seventy Four and Half) is a 1953 Indian Bengali comedy film, directed by Nirmal Dey, story by Bijon Bhattacharya, starring Tulsi Chakrabarti and Molina Devi, and co-starring Suchitra Sen and Uttam Kumar.	Sharey Chuattor	1953
publication date	Blacks and Jews is a 1997 documentary film that examines the relationships and conflicts between Black and Jewish activists, from the 1991 Crown Heights Riot to Steven Spielberg's controversial visit to the predominantly Black Castlemont High School.	Blacks and Jews	1997
publication date	You and Me and Uncle Bob is a 1993 Australian TV movie about two kids who bring love to an unlikely older couple.	You and Me and Uncle Bob	1993
publication date	The Cure for Insomnia, directed by John Henry Timmis IV, is a film which on its release in 1987 was according to Guinness World Records the longest running.	The Cure for Insomnia	1987
publication date	American Harmony is a 2009 documentary film directed and produced by Aengus James, produced by Colin Miller, and edited by Kate Amend.	American Harmony	2009
publication date	Jai Bangladesh (meaning:``Hail Bangladesh'') is a 1971 Bollywood military drama film directed by I.S. Johar.	Jai Bangladesh	1971
publication date	Dosar (Bengali: দোসর; translation:Emotional companion) is a 2006 Bengali language Indian drama film.	Dosar	2006
publication date	Inside Outing is an isometric 3D arcade adventure game released by The Edge in 1988 for the Sinclair Spectrum, Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64.	Inside Outing	1988
publication date	Fantasy General is a hex-based fantasy game published by Strategic Simulations in 1996.	Fantasy General	1996
publication date	American Jobs is a 2004 independent film, documentary, written, produced and directed by Greg Spotts.	American Jobs	2004
publication date	Race to Space is a 2001 American family drama film.	Race to Space	2001
publication date	How Brown Saw the Baseball Game, also known as How Jones Saw the Baseball Game, is an American short comedy film produced in 1907 and distributed by the Lubin Manufacturing Company.	How Brown Saw the Baseball Game	1907
publication date	Empire Records is a 1995 American coming-of-age film that follows a group of record store employees over the course of one exceptional day.	Empire Records	1995
publication date	Philosophy of a Knife is a 2008 Russian-American horror film written, produced, shot, edited, and directed by Andrey Iskanov.	Philosophy of a Knife	2008
publication date	Mugabe and the White African is a 2009 documentary film by Lucy Bailey and Andrew Thompson.	Mugabe and the White African	2009
publication date	The Invisible Children of Love is a multi-lingual (English/Bengali) film by Shubho released in 2003.	The Invisible Children of Love	2003
publication date	Cheriya Kallanum Valiya Policum is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Haridas Kesavan.	Cheriya Kallanum Valiya Policum	2010
publication date	Wired to the Moon is the sixth studio album by Chris Rea, released in 1984.	Wired to the Moon	1984
publication date	The Polar Bears is a 2012 3D computer animated short film presented by The Coca-Cola Company, produced by Ridley Scott, and directed by John Stevenson.	The Polar Bears	2012
publication date	Amiri Garibi (English: Rich - Poor) is a 1990 Hindi family Drama film produced by Pradeep Sharma on TUTU Films banner & directed by Harmesh Malhotra.	Amiri Garibi	1990
publication date	``The Dairyman's Daughter'' was first issued in tract form in 1814 and that same year was published by the New England Tract Society in Boston.	The Dairyman's Daughter	1814
publication date	Cha Cha for Twins (寶米恰恰 Bao mi qia qia) is a 2012 Taiwanese romantic comedy film directed by Yang Yi-chien and Jim Wang.	Cha Cha for Twins	2012
publication date	Geraldine's Fortune is a 2004 Canadian comedy/drama film.	Geraldine's Fortune	2004
publication date	Innalekalillaathe is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by George Kithu and starring Biju Menon and Manju Warrier in the lead roles.	Innalekalillaathe	1997
publication date	Graduating Peter is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Gerardine Wurzburg.	Graduating Peter	2001
publication date	Fury in the Pacific is a 1945 American documentary short film about a pair of World War II battles in the Pacific: the Battle of Peleliu and the Battle of Angaur.	Fury in the Pacific	1945
publication date	Cadavere a spasso is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Masi.	Cadavere a spasso	1965
publication date	The League of the Future is a 1916 American silent short directed by Edward J. Le Saint.	The League of the Future	1916
publication date	Aaja Nachle (Hindi:आजा नचले English: Come, Let's Dance) is a 2007 Bollywood film.	Aaja Nachle	2007
publication date	Sweeney! is a 1977 British crime film, made as a spin-off from the television show The Sweeney which ran from 1974 to 1978.	Sweeney!	1977
publication date	Seer 4 (Chinese: 赛尔号大电影4:圣魔之战) is a 2014 Chinese animated children's adventure film directed by Wang Zhangjun and Yin Yuqi and based on an online game.	Seer 4	2014
publication date	Winter Kept Us Warm is a Canadian romantic drama film, released in 1965.	Winter Kept Us Warm	1965
publication date	A Cow at My Table is a 1998 documentary film examining Western attitudes towards farm animals and meat.	A Cow at My Table	1998
publication date	Mahaashilpi (Kannada: ಮಹಾಶಿಲ್ಪಿ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film, directed by S V Doraiswamy and produced by H B Jwalanaiah.	Mahaashilpi	1966
publication date	O.K. Garage (a.k.a. All Revved Up) is a 1998 film written and directed by Brandon Cole.	O.K. Garage	1998
publication date	Star Spangled Girl is a 1971 American romantic comedy film based on the Neil Simon play The Star-Spangled Girl.	Star Spangled Girl	1971
publication date	Herb and Dorothy is a 2008 documentary film by Megumi Sasaki.	Herb and Dorothy	2008
publication date	Lemon Grove Kids Meet the Monsters is a trilogy of short films released in 1965.	Lemon Grove Kids Meet the Monsters	1965
publication date	The Life of Vergie Winters is an American 1934 Pre-Code film.	The Life of Vergie Winters	1934
publication date	History of the Joke is a two-hour television special documentary film that was premiered on February 18, 2008, in the USA on History.	History of the Joke	2008
publication date	American Pie 2 is a 2001 American comedy film and the sequel to the 1999 film American Pie and the second film in the American Pie film series.	American Pie 2	2001
publication date	Takin' Off is the debut album of jazz pianist Herbie Hancock originally released in 1962 for the Blue Note label as BST 84109.	Takin' Off	1962
publication date	The first edition in 1985 was called Virology, but the book's title was changed from the second edition to Fields Virology.	Fields Virology	1985
publication date	War Feels Like War is a 2004 British documentary film.	War Feels Like War	2004
publication date	Sister Kenny (1946) is a biographical film about Sister Elizabeth Kenny, an Australian bush nurse, who fought to help people who suffered from polio, despite opposition from the medical establishment.	Sister Kenny	1946
publication date	Surviving Evil (also known as Evil Island) is a 2009 horror film directed and written by Terence Daw, and produced by David Pupkewitz, Anton Ernst and Malcolm Kohll.	Surviving Evil	2009
publication date	Tomar Jonyo or Tomar Janna (English: For You) is a Tollywood film which was released in 2008.	Tomar Jonyo	2008
publication date	The Roly Poly Man is a 1994 Australian feature film.	The Roly Poly Man	1994
publication date	Plunder & Lightning is an animated television movie, originally broadcast on September 7, 1990, that makes up the first four episodes of the Disney animated series TaleSpin.	Plunder & Lightning	1990
publication date	Mr. Destiny is a 1990 fantasy comedy film starring James Belushi.	Mr. Destiny	1990
publication date	Funeral Kings is a 2012 film written and directed by Kevin McManus and Matthew McManus starring Dylan Hartigan and Alex Maizus.	Funeral Kings	2012
publication date	Ice from the Sun is a 1999 independently produced horror film directed by Eric Stanze, and is St. Louis-based production company Wicked Pixel Cinema's second feature film.	Ice from the Sun	1999
publication date	Dil Ke Jharoke Main (English: Player) is a 1997 Bollywood musical romance film directed by Ashim Bhattacharya.	Dil Ke Jharoke Main	1997
publication date	Century Hotel is a 2001 Canadian drama/mystery/romance film.	Century Hotel	2001
publication date	The Terror Factor is a 2007 American independent comedy horror film written and directed by Garry Medeiros and starring Matthew G. Hill, Nina Rusin, and John Sylvia.	The Terror Factor	2007
publication date	Sammy's Super T-Shirt is a British film made by the Children's Film Foundation in 1978.	Sammy's Super T-Shirt	1978
publication date	Bharla Malwat Rakhtaana (Marathi: भरला मळवट रक़तान), (meaning: Blood Filled Forehead) is a 2014 Marathi film directed by Anup Jagdale.	Bharla Malwat Rakhtaana	2014
publication date	Young Sherlocks is a 1922 silent short subject, the fourth entry in Hal Roach's Our Gang series.	Young Sherlocks	1922
publication date	Published in 1870, Seitsemän veljestä ended an era dominated by Swedish-speaking authors, most notable of whom was J.L. Runeberg, and created a solid basis for new Finnish authors like Minna Canth and Juhani Aho, who were, together with Aleksis Kivi, the first authors to depict ordinary Finns in a realistic way.	Seitsemän veljestä	1870
publication date	The Forgotten Latchkey was released in the United States on June 7, 1913, and on September 15, 1913, in England.	The Forgotten Latchkey	1913
publication date	Zolykha's Secret or Rahze Zolykha (2006) is an Afghan film directed by Horace Shansab.	Zolykha's Secret	2006
publication date	Reflections of Murder is a 1974 made-for-TV movie that was produced by ABC.	Reflections of Murder	1974
publication date	The Romance of Sleepy Hollow is a 1923 New Zealand film written and directed by Henry J. Makepeace, and produced and shot in Auckland.	The Romance of Sleepy Hollow	1923
publication date	Ten Thousand Miles in the Southern Cross is a 1922 New Zealand travelogue made by George Tarr during a 1922 voyage in the South Pacific.	Ten Thousand Miles in the Southern Cross	1922
publication date	Las fuerzas vivas (``The Living Forces'') is a 1975 Mexican film.	Las fuerzas vivas	1975
publication date	Where the Boys Are '84 (onscreen title: Where the Boys Are) is a 1984 remake of the 1960 teen sex comedy film Where the Boys Are, starring Lisa Hartman, Russell Todd, Lorna Luft, Wendy Schaal and Lynn-Holly Johnson.	Where the Boys Are '84	1984
publication date	Pathala Mohini (Kannada: ಪಾತಾಳ ಮೋಹಿನಿ) is a 1965 Kannada language film directed by S.N Singh.	Pathala Mohini	1965
publication date	Designing Woman is a 1957 romantic comedy about fashion.	Designing Woman	1957
publication date	Girl Walks into a Bar is a 2011 multiple story line ensemble comedy film produced exclusively for Internet distribution.	Girl Walks into a Bar	2011
publication date	Cyberun is a ZX Spectrum video game ostensibly developed by Ultimate Play The Game and published by U.S. Gold in 1986.	Cyberun	1986
publication date	House of Bamboo is a 1955 American film noir shot in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color.	House of Bamboo	1955
publication date	Cruel Doubt is a 1992 miniseries starring Blythe Danner and Matt McGrath, as well as Danner's daughter, Gwyneth Paltrow.	Cruel Doubt	1992
publication date	The Best of Men is a factually based 2012 television film which describes the pioneering work of Dr Ludwig Guttmann with paraplegic patients at Stoke Mandeville Hospital, which led to the foundation of the Paralympic Games.	The Best of Men	2012
publication date	Eno Onthara (Kannada: ಏನೋ ಒಂಥರಾ) is a 2010 Kannada film directed by ``Mussanje'' Mahesh and produced by M. Chandrashekar under the Udayachandra Productions banner.	Eno Onthara	2010
publication date	The Very Best of The Doors is a compilation album by the Doors, released in the USA in 2001.	The Very Best of The Doors	2001
publication date	Aai Tuza Ashirwad is a Marathi film, which released on 9 August 2004.	Aai Tuza Ashirwad	2004
publication date	Kottai Vaasal (Tamil: கோட்டை வாசல்) is a 1992 Indian Tamil film, directed by Selva Vinayagam and produced by Mohan Natarajan and Tharangai V. Shanmugam.	Kottai Vaasal	1992
publication date	An Act of Terror is a novel by Andre Brink, first published in 1991.	An Act of Terror	1991
publication date	Do Rio a São Paulo Para Casar is a 1922 Brazilian silent romance film directed by José Medina.	Do Rio a São Paulo Para Casar	1922
publication date	Green Fish (Hangul: 초록 물고기; RR: Chorok Mulgogi) is a 1997 South Korean film.	Green Fish	1997
publication date	Not Negotiable is a 1918 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Julian Royce, Manora Thew and Gregory Scott.	Not Negotiable	1918
publication date	Zapatlela 2 (झपाटलेला २) is a Marathi horror comedy movie, which was released in 3D on 7 June 2013.	Zapatlela 2	2013
publication date	Singa Laoet (Perfected Spelling: Singa Laut; Indonesian for The Sea Lion or The Merlion) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (today Indonesia).	Singa Laoet	1941
publication date	African Independence (2013) is a feature-length documentary film.	African Independence	2013
publication date	A Dark Room is an open-source software role-playing text-based game originally published in mid 2013 for web browser by Doublespeak Games.	A Dark Room	2013
publication date	Mommo the Bogeyman (Turkish: Mommo: Kız Kardeşim) is a 2009 Turkish drama film, written, produced and directed by Atalay Taşdiken, about two young siblings who find refuge with their grandfather after their mother dies and their father's new wife rejects them.	Mommo the Bogeyman	2009
publication date	Woman Sesame Oil Maker (Chinese: 香魂女; pinyin: Xiāng hún nǚ) is a 1993 Chinese film.	Woman Sesame Oil Maker	1993
publication date	American Cousins is a 2003 romantic comedy about a Scots-Italian fish and chip shop owner who gives refuge to his Mafia relatives when they go on the run.	American Cousins	2003
publication date	Mercedes-Benz World Racing (also referred to as World Racing) - is a computer game in the genre of driving simulators, developed by the German company Synetic GmbH. The game was released in September 2003.	Mercedes-Benz World Racing	2003
publication date	The City of Children (Greek: Η Πόλη των Παιδιών, translit. I poli ton paidion) is a 2011 Greek drama film directed by Giorgos Gikapeppas.	The City of Children	2011
publication date	Fastest with the Mostest is a 1960 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner.	Fastest with the Mostest	1960
publication date	Arthur's Teacher Trouble is a book in the Arthur series, released in 1986.	Arthur's Teacher Trouble	1986
publication date	That Gang of Mine is a 1940 film and the third film in the East Side Kids series.	That Gang of Mine	1940
publication date	Lost in the Bush is a 1973 Australian film based on the true story of three siblings who got lost in the Victorian bush for several days in 1864.	Lost in the Bush	1973
publication date	Entwined is a 2011 novel written by Heather Dixon.	Entwined	2011
publication date	Raja Huli (Kannada: ರಾಜಾ ಹುಲಿ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada-language comedy-drama film directed by Guru Deshpande and written by S. R. Prabhakaran.	Raja Huli	2013
publication date	The Longitude Act was an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom passed in July 1714 at the end of the reign of Queen Anne.	Longitude Act	1714
publication date	Permission to Kill, also known as The Executioner, is a 1975 spy film thriller made by Sascha-Verleih and distributed by AVCO Embassy Pictures.	Permission to Kill	1975
publication date	The Return of Chandu is a 1934 American fantasy film serial in 12 episodes based on the radio series Chandu the Magician.	The Return of Chandu	1934
publication date	The Russian Woodpecker is a 2015 documentary film written, produced and directed by Chad Gracia following Fedor Alexandrovich's investigation into the Chernobyl disaster.	The Russian Woodpecker	2015
publication date	Convincing Clooney is a 2011 comedy film directed by Alexander Cartio.	Convincing Clooney	2011
publication date	Mars Needs Moms is a 2011 American 3D motion capture computer-animated science-fiction comedy film based on the Berkeley Breathed book of the same title.	Mars Needs Moms	2011
publication date	Éducation de Prince (English: Education of a Prince) was a silent French film released in 1927.	Education of a Prince	1927
publication date	How to Photograph an Atomic Bomb is a book written by Peter Kuran and published in 2006 by VCE.	How to Photograph an Atomic Bomb	2006
publication date	The Powerpuff Girls Movie is a 2002 American animated superhero action-adventure comedy film based on the Cartoon Network animated television series of the same name.	The Powerpuff Girls Movie	2002
publication date	The Stranger and the Gunfighter is a 1974 kung fu Spaghetti Western comedy film produced by the Shaw Brothers in collaboration with an Italian company, and filmed on location in Hong Kong and Spain.	The Stranger and the Gunfighter	1974
publication date	Calling All Curs is the 41st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges, first released on August 25, 1939.	Calling All Curs	1939
publication date	Aap Ki Parchhaiyan (English: Your Shadows) is a 1964 Bollywood film.	Aap Ki Parchhaiyan	1964
publication date	Polar Golfer is a PC based video game released by WildTangent in 2004.	Polar Golfer	2004
publication date	Exit Sunset Boulevard is a 1980 German drama film written and directed by Bastian Clevé and starring Rüdiger Kuhlbrodt and Azizi Johari, and as guest Elke Sommer.	Exit Sunset Boulevard	1980
publication date	Bell of Purity Temple (simplified Chinese: 清凉寺的钟声; traditional Chinese: 清涼寺的鐘聲; pinyin: qīng liáng sì de zhōng shēng) is a 1992 Chinese film about the life of a Japanese infant deserted in China after Sino-Japanese War.	Bell of Purity Temple	1992
publication date	Aagamanam is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jesey and produced by G Sugunan.	Aagamanam	1980
publication date	Dropzone is a shoot 'em up video game developed by Arena Graphics in 1984.	Dropzone	1984
publication date	Amar Rahe Yeh Pyar is a 1961 Hindi/Urdu family drama film directed by Prabhu Dayal.	Amar Rahe Yeh Pyar	1961
publication date	National Lampoon's Barely Legal is a 2003 comedy film about three male high school students who decide to make money by selling pornographic videos, in the hopes of gaining both women and standing among their peers.	National Lampoon's Barely Legal	2003
publication date	Frivolous Wife is a 2008 South Korean romantic comedy film based on William Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew.	Frivolous Wife	2008
publication date	Love You Bangaram is a 2014 Telugu language romantic drama film directed by Director Govi.	Love You Bangaram	2014
publication date	Big Town Scandal is a 1948 American crime film directed by William C. Thomas and written by Milton Raison.	Big Town Scandal	1948
publication date	``What Alice Found'' was awarded the Grand Prize at the 2003 Deauville Festival of American Cinema by Jury Chair Roman Polanski.	What Alice Found	2003
publication date	What's Sauce for the Goose is a 1916 film featuring Oliver Hardy.	What's Sauce for the Goose	1916
publication date	Desa Munnetram (English: Development of the Nation) is a 1938 Indian Tamil film, dealing with the issue of untouchability.	Desa Munnetram	1938
publication date	From Generation to Generation is a 1959 American short documentary film produced by Edward F. Cullen.	From Generation to Generation	1959
publication date	Winter Woman (Hangul: 겨울여자; RR: Gyeo-ul-yeoja) is a 1977 South Korean film.	Winter Woman	1977
publication date	Bachelors Anonymous is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published in the United Kingdom on 15 October 1973 by Barrie & Jenkins, London and in the United States on 28 August 1974 by Simon & Schuster, Inc., New York.	Bachelors Anonymous	15 October 1973
publication date	The Strangler's Grip is a 1912 Australian silent film shot by Franklyn Barrett.	The Strangler's Grip	1912
publication date	Aainaate (Bengali: আয়নাতে, English: In the Mirror) is a 2008 Bengali drama film directed by Dulal Dey.	Aainaate	2008
publication date	Karuneye Kutumbada Kannu (Kannada: ಕರುಣೆಯೇ ಕುಟುಂಬದ ಕಣ್ಣು) is a 1962 Indian Kannada film, directed by T. V. Singh Takur and produced by A C Narasimha Murthy and Friends.	Karuneye Kutumbada Kannu	1962
publication date	Miracle of Marcelino (Spanish: Marcelino, pan y vino, ``Marcelino, bread and wine'') is a 1955 Spanish film.	Miracle of Marcelino	1955
publication date	Ice Twisters is a Canadian-American made-for-TV science fiction film produced for Syfy and released in 2009.	Ice Twisters	2009
publication date	I Was a Teenage Faust is a 2002 made-for-television film of an adolescent who sells his soul to the Devil to achieve popularity.	I Was a Teenage Faust	2002
publication date	Bihu Songs of Assam is a book authored by Prafulladutta Goswamil, and published by Lawyers Book Stall in 1957.	Bihu Songs of Assam	1957
publication date	If It's a Rose is an Australian television movie, or rather a live television comedy play, which aired in 1958 on ABC.	If It's a Rose	1958
publication date	Monkey Dance is a 2004 documentary film by Julie Mallozzi, a filmmaker based in Boston.	Monkey Dance	2004
publication date	Who Is Simon Miller? is a television film that premiered August 6, 2011 on NBC as part of the Walmart/Procter & Gamble project Family Movie Night.	Who Is Simon Miller?	2011
publication date	Indiscretions of Betty is a 1910 American short silent comedy film released by the Vitagraph Company of America.	Indiscretions of Betty	1910
publication date	The Enchanted Boy (Russian: Заколдованный мальчик, Zakoldovanyy malchik) is a 1955 Soviet/Russian traditionally animated feature film directed by Vladimir Polkovnikov and Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya.	The Enchanted Boy	1955
publication date	One Lucky Elephant is an American documentary film directed by Lisa Leeman that premiered December 1, 2011 on OWN:	One Lucky Elephant	2011
publication date	The Music Never Stopped is a 2011 American drama film directed by Jim Kohlberg, who makes his directorial debut from a script by Gwyn Lurie and Gary Marks.	The Music Never Stopped	2011
publication date	Wes Craven's New Nightmare is a 1994 American slasher metafilm written and directed by original Nightmare on Elm Street creator Wes Craven.	Wes Craven's New Nightmare	1994
publication date	The Belles of St Trinian's is a comedy film set in the fictional St Trinian's School, released in 1954.	The Belles of St Trinian's	1954
publication date	Akhire Akhire is a 2013 Odia romance, drama, comedy film produced by Sitaram Agrawal.	Akhire Akhire	2013
publication date	The Calcium Kid is a British mockumentary comedy film which was released in 2004.	The Calcium Kid	2004
publication date	Her Battle for Existence is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company.	Her Battle for Existence	1910
publication date	Bhakta Tukaram (Telugu: భక్త తుకారాం) is a 1973 Telugu Biographical film produced by Anjali Pictures based on the life of saint poet Tukaram.	Bhakta Tukaram	1973
publication date	A Visit to the Seaside (1908) was the first successful motion picture in natural color, filmed with Kinemacolor.	A Visit to the Seaside	1908
publication date	Race War Kingdoms, also called RWK, is a fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) released in 2001, developed and published by Glitchless LLC. Race War Kingdoms is mostly text-based with some graphical implementations and does not have high system requirements.	Race War Kingdoms	2001
publication date	With Our King and Queen Through India (1912) is a British documentary.	With Our King and Queen Through India	1912
publication date	Unseen Enemy is a 1942 spy thriller.	Unseen Enemy	1942
publication date	Gory Gory Hallelujah is a 2003 American comedy horror musical film directed by Sue Corcoran, written by Angie Louise, and starring Tim Gouran, Angie Louise, Jeff Gilbert, Todd Licea, Keith Winsted, Jason Collins, and Joseph Franklin.	Gory Gory Hallelujah	2003
publication date	Around the World in 20 Years is a BBC television travel documentary first broadcast in December 2008, presented by Michael Palin.	Around the World in 20 Years	December 2008
publication date	Payback Season is a British drama film that was released to cinemas on March 9, 2012.	Payback Season	2012
publication date	Pride of the Bowery is a black-and-white 1940 film and the fourth installment in the East Side Kids series.	Pride of the Bowery	1940
publication date	Love in Japan is a 2006 Bollywood action comedy directed by Akram Shaikh.	Love in Japan	2006
publication date	Lanfranchi's Memorial Discotheque is a 2010 documentary and the first film directed and produced by Bitter Man Films' Richard Baron.	Lanfranchi's Memorial Discotheque	2010
publication date	The Seventh Companion (Russian: Седьмой спутник, translit. Sedmoy Sputnik) is a 1967 black-and-white Soviet film set in Petrograd in the years following the Russian Revolution; its title is commonly translated as The Seventh Companion.	The Seventh Companion	1967
publication date	Filhaal... (English: Momentary) is a Bollywood film released in 2002.	Filhaal...	2002
publication date	Dr. Renault's Secret is an American horror movie that was released to theaters in 1942.	Dr. Renault's Secret	1942
publisher	Norway 1985 is a computer wargame published in 1985 by Strategic Simulations, Inc. Developed by Roger Keating it was the fourth in the ``When Superpowers Collide'' series.	Norway 1985	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
publisher	The Indian Journal of Radiology and Imaging is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Radiology and Imaging Association.	Indian Journal of Radiology and Imaging	Medknow Publications
publisher	The Columbia Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Colum. L. Rev.) is a law review edited and published by students at Columbia Law School.	Columbia Law Review	Columbia Law School
publisher	The Little Dracula book series, originally published by Walker Books and later reissued in the US through Candlewick Press, debuted in 1986.	Little Dracula	Walker Books	Candlewick Press
publisher	Neocron is a 2002 post-apocalyptic cyberpunk massively multiplayer online role playing game (MMORPG) developed by Hannover, Germany-based software developer Reakktor Media GmbH and published by cdv Software Entertainment.	Neocron	cdv Software Entertainment
publisher	The Devil Goblins from Neptune is a BBC Books original novel written by Martin Day and Keith Topping (developed from an original idea by Day, Topping and Paul Cornell) and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Devil Goblins from Neptune	BBC Books
publisher	The Carnivorous Plant Newsletter is the official publication of the International Carnivorous Plant Society (ICPS), the largest such organization in the world.	Carnivorous Plant Newsletter	International Carnivorous Plant Society
publisher	Economic Development and Cultural Change is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press.	Economic Development and Cultural Change	University of Chicago Press
publisher	Biomacromolecules is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 2000 by the American Chemical Society.	Biomacromolecules	American Chemical Society
publisher	It is published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Society for Dance Research in Spring and Autumn each year.	Dance Research	Edinburgh University Press
publisher	The Emergency Medicine Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that is jointly owned by the Royal College of Emergency Medicine (RCEM) and the BMJ Group.	Emergency Medicine Journal	BMJ
publisher	The Left Hand of the Electron is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov, first published by Doubleday & Company in 1972.	The Left Hand of the Electron	Doubleday
publisher	Voodoo Dice is an action puzzle game produced by Exkee and distributed by Ubisoft on Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and WiiWare.	Voodoo Dice	Ubisoft
publisher	American Knees is a novel written by Shawn Wong, first published in 1995 by Simon & Schuster, and currently published by the University of Washington Press (2005).	American Knees	University of Washington Press
publisher	Meteorological Monographs is a peer-reviewed monograph series published by the American Meteorological Society.	Meteorological Monographs	American Meteorological Society
publisher	Political Science Quarterly is an American double blind peer-reviewed academic journal covering government, politics, and policy, published since 1886 by the Academy of Political Science.	Political Science Quarterly	Academy of Political Science
publisher	Fantasy World Dizzy is an arcade adventure video game released in October 1989 by Codemasters and designed by the Oliver twins.	Fantasy World Dizzy	Codemasters
publisher	Shadow of the Scorpion is a novel by Neal Asher, published by the Macmillan Publishers imprint Tor Books in 2008.	Shadow of the Scorpion	Tor Books
publisher	Maximum-Football is a gridiron and arena football computer game developed by Wintervalley Software and published by Matrix Games for Windows-based computers.	Maximum-Football	Matrix Games
publisher	WWE Road to WrestleMania X8 is a video game released on the Game Boy Advance handheld console by THQ in 2002, based on WWE's pay-per-view of the same name.	WWE Road to WrestleMania X8	THQ
publisher	GKART is a massively multiplayer online racing game developed by Tencent and published by Garena.	GKART	Garena
publisher	ATP Tour Championship Tennis is a tennis videogame released by Sega in 1994.	ATP Tour Championship Tennis	Sega
publisher	Traffic Department 2192 is a top down shooter game for IBM PC, developed by P-Squared Productions and released in 1994 by Safari Software and distributed by Epic MegaGames.	Traffic Department 2192	Safari Software
publisher	Swords Against Death was first published in paperback in 1970 by Ace Books, which reprinted the title numerous times through August 1990; later paperback editions were issued by ibooks (2003) and Dark Horse (2007).	Swords Against Death	Ace Books
publisher	Annual Review of Environment and Resources is an annual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews, Inc. It covers environmental science and engineering, ecology, conservation science, water assets, energy resources, atmosphere, oceans, climate change, agriculture, livestock, natural resource management and global change.	Annual Review of Environment and Resources	Annual Reviews
publisher	Surface Review and Letters is an international journal published by World Scientific.	Surface Review and Letters	World Scientific
publisher	My Word Coach is a video game from Ubisoft for the Nintendo DS, Wii and iOS.	My Word Coach	Ubisoft
publisher	Betty Ballantine edited Restoree which initiated a long relationship between McCaffrey and Ballantine Books, or later its science fiction imprint Del Rey.	Restoree	Ballantine Books
publisher	Castle Master is a 1990 computer game written by British developers Teque Software Development and published by Incentive Software.	Castle Master	Incentive Software
publisher	Crooked House is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in March 1949 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 23 May of the same year.	Crooked House	Dodd, Mead and Company
publisher	Physiologia Plantarum is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Scandinavian Plant Physiology Society.	Physiologia Plantarum	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Catholic University Law Review is a student-run quarterly law review published by the Columbus School of Law (The Catholic University of America).	Catholic University Law Review	Columbus School of Law
publisher	Test Drive 4 is a racing video game developed by Pitbull Syndicate and released by Accolade, Inc. for the PlayStation console in 1997.	Test Drive 4	Accolade
publisher	Flip's Twisted World is a platforming video game published by Majesco Entertainment and developed by Frozen North Productions for the Wii.	Flip's Twisted World	Majesco Entertainment
publisher	Baja Destruction is a video game for the PlayStation 2 and Wii developed by UK Developer Broadsword Interactive and published by Conspiracy Entertainment.	Baja Destruction	Conspiracy Entertainment
publisher	Kalau Tak Untung was released by the state publisher of the Dutch East Indies, Balai Pustaka, under the pseudonym Selasih.	Kalau Tak Untung	Balai Pustaka
publisher	Economic Modelling is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal on economics published by Elsevier.	Economic Modelling	Elsevier
publisher	Reproductive Toxicology is a peer-reviewed journal published bimonthly by Elsevier which focuses on the effects of toxic substances on the reproductive system.	Reproductive Toxicology	Elsevier
publisher	The European Journal of Education is an international English-language academic journal on European education, published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell for The European Institute of Education and Social Policy and indexed by Thomson Reuters for impact factor.	European Journal of Education	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Diabetes Care is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published since 1978 by the American Diabetes Association.	Diabetes Care	American Diabetes Association
publisher	The Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology (formerly Journal of Applied Meteorology) is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society.	Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology	American Meteorological Society
publisher	Beaterator is a music mixer released in September 2009 by Rockstar Games for the PlayStation Portable, PlayStation 3 (via the PlayStation Network), and iOS released in December 2009.	Beaterator	Rockstar Games
publisher	Hayden's Ferry Review is a well-regarded internationally distributed American literary magazine, published semi-annually by Arizona State University.	Hayden's Ferry Review	Arizona State University
publisher	Dead Block is a third-person action-strategy video game by developer Candygun Games and publisher Digital Reality, in which three survivors of a zombie outbreak attempt to keep zombies out of a safehouse.	Dead Block	Digital Reality
publisher	The Cambridge History of Iran is a multi-volume survey of Iranian history published by Cambridge University Press (CUP).	The Cambridge History of Iran	Cambridge University Press
publisher	On January 10, 2011, Electronic Arts announced that it will co-publish The Secret World with Funcom.	The Secret World	Electronic Arts
publisher	The Michigan Raw Review, a parody of the Michigan Law Review, was published annually by the Barristers Society, a self-styled honorary at the University of Michigan Law School.	Michigan Law Review	University of Michigan Law School
publisher	Young Thor is an American-Canadian action-adventure video game developed by Frima Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.	Young Thor	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	African Affairs is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Oxford University Press on behalf of the London-based Royal African Society.	African Affairs	Oxford University Press
publisher	Parallel Processing Letters is a journal published by World Scientific since 1991.	Parallel Processing Letters	World Scientific
publisher	The Lifecycle of Software Objects is a novella by Ted Chiang originally published in 2010 by Subterranean Press.	The Lifecycle of Software Objects	Subterranean Press
publisher	The Metallic Muse is a collection of science fiction stories by Lloyd Biggle, Jr., published in hardcover by Doubleday Books in 1972.	The Metallic Muse	Doubleday
publisher	Flyte was released in March 2006 through HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing.	Flyte	HarperCollins	Bloomsbury Publishing
publisher	A Symbolic Analysis of Relay and Switching Circuits is the title of a master's thesis written by computer science pioneer Claude E. Shannon while attending the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1937.	A Symbolic Analysis of Relay and Switching Circuits	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
publisher	Sunt Förnuft (meaning Common Sense in English) is a Swedish language finance magazine published in Stockholm, Sweden, and owned by the Swedish Taxpayers Association.	Sunt Förnuft	Swedish Taxpayers Association
publisher	Computer Physics Communications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier under the North-Holland imprint.	Computer Physics Communications	Elsevier
publisher	AIP Conference Proceedings is a serial published by the American Institute of Physics since 1970.	AIP Conference Proceedings	American Institute of Physics
publisher	History 101 is a BBC Books original novel written by Mags L Halliday and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	History 101	BBC Books
publisher	The MLA Style Manual and Guide to Scholarly Publishing (2008) is the third edition of The MLA Style Manual, first published by the Modern Language Association of America in 1985.	MLA Style Manual	Modern Language Association
publisher	The Tree of Swords and Jewels was first published in 1983 as a paperback edition by DAW Books, and featured cover art by Michael Whelan.	The Tree of Swords and Jewels	DAW Books
publisher	The Endless Forest is a multiplayer online game for Microsoft Windows by Tale of Tales.	The Endless Forest	Tale of Tales
publisher	The Antioch Review is an American literary magazine established in 1941 at Antioch College in Ohio.	The Antioch Review	Antioch College
publisher	Katakis is a side scrolling shooter style arcade game developed for the Commodore 64 by Rainbow Arts in 1987, and converted to the Commodore Amiga by Factor 5 in 1988.	Katakis	Rainbow Arts
publisher	Marble Drop is a computer puzzle game published by Maxis on February 28, 1997.	Marble Drop	Maxis
publisher	The Little Friend is the second novel by Donna Tartt, initially published by Alfred A. Knopf on October 22, 2002, a decade after her first novel, The Secret History.	The Little Friend	Alfred A. Knopf
publisher	FIFA 12 (titled FIFA Soccer 12 in North America) is the 19th game in Electronic Arts' FIFA series of association football video games.	FIFA 12	Electronic Arts
publisher	Times of Lore is a 1988 action role-playing game that was developed and published by Origin Systems for several platforms, including PC, Commodore 64/128, ZX Spectrum, Amstrad, Atari ST, Apple II, NES, and Amiga.	Times of Lore	Origin Systems
publisher	Africa Trail is an educational computer game developed by MECC and published by The Learning Company.	Africa Trail	The Learning Company
publisher	Felix and the Fruit Monsters is a video game released by Micro Power for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron in 1983.	Felix and the Fruit Monsters	Micro Power
publisher	Inne pieśni (Other Songs) is a novel written in 2003 by Jacek Dukaj, Polish science fiction writer and published in Poland by Wydawnictwo Literackie.	Inne pieśni	Wydawnictwo Literackie
publisher	In 1997, the hardcover publisher of L'Engle's novels from 1962 on, Farrar, Straus & Giroux, issued a new edition of Meet the Austins that for the first time incorporated the chapter.	Meet the Austins	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
publisher	March of the Eagles is a grand strategy video game developed by Paradox Interactive and released on 19 February 2013.	March of the Eagles	Paradox Interactive
publisher	Red Faction II is a first-person shooter video game developed by Volition, Inc. and published by THQ on October 15, 2002 for the PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox and Microsoft Windows.	Red Faction II	THQ
record label	``The One to Sing the Blues'' is a song by the British heavy metal band Motörhead, which Epic Records released in a number of formats; 7``and 12'' vinyl, cassette-single, CD-single as well as a shaped picture disc.	The One to Sing the Blues	Epic Records
record label	Phil Keaggy and Sunday's Child is the title of a 1988 album by guitarist Phil Keaggy, released on Myrrh Records and A&M Records simultaneously.	Phil Keaggy and Sunday's Child	Myrrh Records	A&M Records
record label	Get Behind Me Satan is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band The White Stripes, released on June 7, 2005, on V2 Records.	Get Behind Me Satan	V2 Records
record label	Lyricist Lounge 2 is the second installment in Rawkus Records Lyricist Lounge album series.	Lyricist Lounge 2	Rawkus Records
record label	On June 4, 1996 under the label Death Row Records, ``Hit 'Em Up'' was released on compact disc, 12-inch, and a 45 RPM.	Hit 'Em Up	Death Row Records
record label	American Goldwing is the sixth studio album by Portland, Oregon-based band Blitzen Trapper, released on September 13, 2011 on Sub Pop Records.	American Goldwing	Sub Pop
record label	This Is the Life! is the debut studio album by American theater actor and singer Norm Lewis.	This Is the Life!	studio album	Norm Lewis
record label	The Doctor Came at Dawn is the fifth album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog), released in September 1996 on Drag City and re-released in Europe in 2001 by Domino.	The Doctor Came at Dawn	Drag City
record label	``Misty Circles'' was the first song to be released by Dead or Alive after being signed to a major label, Epic Records.	Misty Circles	Epic Records
record label	Sto Kokkino (In red) is an album by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou that was released on May 15, 2003 by Heaven Music.	Sto Kokkino	Heaven Music
screenwriter	Kundun is a 1997 epic biographical film written by Melissa Mathison and directed by Martin Scorsese.	Kundun	Melissa Mathison
screenwriter	Recep İvedik is a 2008 Turkish comedy film, directed by Togan Gökbakar, and the name of the main character (also in the sequels Recep İvedik 2, Recep İvedik 3 and Recep İvedik 4), an oafish man played by Şahan Gökbakar.	Recep İvedik	Şahan Gökbakar
screenwriter	The Seven Revenges (Italian: Le sette sfide, also known as Ivan the Conqueror) is a 1961 Italian adventure film directed by Primo Zeglio.	The Seven Revenges	Primo Zeglio
screenwriter	The American Soldier (German: Der amerikanische Soldat) is a 1970 West German film written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.	The American Soldier	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
screenwriter	Fruit of Paradise (Czech: Ovoce stromů rajských jíme) is a 1970 Czechoslovak avant-garde drama film directed by Věra Chytilová.	Fruit of Paradise	Věra Chytilová
screenwriter	The Descent is a 2005 British horror film written and directed by Neil Marshall.	The Descent	Neil Marshall
screenwriter	Before the Deluge (French: Avant le déluge) is a 1954 French drama film directed by André Cayatte.	Before the Deluge	André Cayatte
screenwriter	Notte prima degli esami (English: Night Before the Exams) is a 2006 Italian comedy teen film, written and directed by Fausto Brizzi.	Notte prima degli esami	Fausto Brizzi
screenwriter	Happy Feet is a 2006 Australian-American computer-animated musical family film, directed, produced and co-written by George Miller.	Happy Feet	George Miller
screenwriter	Fists in the Pocket (I pugni in tasca) is a 1965 Italian film directed by Marco Bellocchio.	Fists in the Pocket	Marco Bellocchio
series	``Cleveland Live!'' is the second episode of the second season of the animated television series The Cleveland Show, airing on October 3, 2010 on Fox.	Cleveland Live!	The Cleveland Show
series	``The Seventh'' is the thirty-third episode (production #207) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the seventh of the second season.	The Seventh	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	``Freddy Spaghetti'' is the second season finale of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 30th overall episode of the series.	Freddy Spaghetti	Parks and Recreation
series	``All About Lisa'' is the twentieth episode and season finale of The Simpsons' nineteenth season, and first aired on May 18, 2008.	All About Lisa	The Simpsons
series	``The Stolen Earth'' is the twelfth episode of the fourth series and the 750th overall episode of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Stolen Earth	Doctor Who
series	The Severed Man is a novella written by George Mann which is the fifth in the series of Time Hunter novellas and features the characters Honoré Lechasseur and Emily Blandish from Daniel O'Mahony's Doctor Who novella The Cabinet of Light, although the series is not formally connected to the Doctor Who fictional universe.	The Severed Man	Time Hunter
series	The Edge of Destruction (also referred to as Inside the Spaceship) is the third serial in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in two weekly parts on 8 February and 15 February 1964.	The Edge of Destruction	Doctor Who
series	Pale Gray for Guilt (1968) is the ninth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.	Pale Gray for Guilt	Travis McGee
series	``Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo'' is the ninth episode of the first season of the American animated television series South Park.	Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo	South Park
series	``The Pirates of Orion'' is the first episode of the second season of the American animated science fiction television series Star Trek: The Animated Series, the 17th episode overall.	The Pirates of Orion	Star Trek: The Animated Series
series	That's My Mommy is a 1955 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short directed and produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera with music by Scott Bradley.	That's My Mommy	Tom and Jerry
series	City of Dragons is a novel by Robin Hobb, the third novel in The Rain Wild Chronicles.	City of Dragons	Robin Hobb
series	Turbulent Priests is the third novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, released on 6 December 1999 through Harper Collins.	Turbulent Priests	Dan Starkey
series	``Rabid Dog'' is the twelfth episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the 58th overall episode of the series.	Rabid Dog	Breaking Bad
series	``The Stolen Eagle'' is the series premiere of the British-American historical drama television series Rome.	The Stolen Eagle	Rome
series	``Subway Hero'' is the twelfth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and thirty-third episode of the series.	Subway Hero	30 Rock
series	The Tomb of the Cybermen is the first serial of fifth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Tomb of the Cybermen	Doctor Who
series	Galaxy 4 (alternatively spelled Galaxy Four) is the mostly missing first serial of the third season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Galaxy 4	Doctor Who
series	Deathmasques is an original novel written by Dave Stone and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd.	Deathmasques	Judge Dredd
series	Without Fail is the sixth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child.	Without Fail	Jack Reacher
series	``Goobacks'' is the seventh episode of the eighth season of the animated television series South Park, and the 118th overall episode of the series.	Goobacks	South Park
series	The Oh My God Delusion is a 2010 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard, and the tenth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.	The Oh My God Delusion	Ross O'Carroll-Kelly
series	``I Hear You Calling'' is an episode of The Outer Limits television show.	I Hear You Calling	The Outer Limits
series	``Where No Fan Has Gone Before'' is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the American animated series Futurama, and originally aired on April 21, 2002, in the United States on Comedy Central.	Where No Fan Has Gone Before	Futurama
series	``7:15 A.M.'' is the tenth episode of the American fairy tale/drama television series Once Upon a Time.	7:15 A.M.	Once Upon a Time
series	``Of Late I Think of Cliffordville'' is episode 116 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.	Of Late I Think of Cliffordville	The Twilight Zone
series	The Annihilators, published in 1983, was the twentieth novel in the long-running secret agent series Matt Helm by Donald Hamilton.	The Annihilators	Matt Helm
series	Sea of Silver Light is the fourth and final installment of Tad Williams' Otherland series.	Sea of Silver Light	Otherland
series	``Identity Within'' is described as a 'lost episode' of the British science fiction comedy television series Red Dwarf.	Identity Within	Red Dwarf
series	``The Bullet That Saved the World'' is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the Fox science fiction/drama television series Fringe, and the 91st episode overall.	The Bullet That Saved the World	Fringe
series	``Goo Goo Gai Pan'' is the twelfth episode from the sixteenth season of The Simpsons, which originally aired on March 13, 2005.	Goo Goo Gai Pan	The Simpsons
series	``Desperate Souls'' is the eighth episode of the first season of the American Fairy Tale/Drama television series Once Upon a Time.	Desperate Souls	Once Upon a Time
series	Somebody Just Walked Over My Grave is the seventeenth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre.	Somebody Just Walked Over My Grave	Randall and Hopkirk
series	``Emotional Consequences of Broadcast Television'' is the series finale of the sitcom Community, serving as the thirteenth episode of its sixth season.	Emotional Consequences of Broadcast Television	Community
series	``Deus Impeditio Esuritori Nullus (No God Can Stop a Hungry Man)'' is the ninth episode of the second season of the television series Rome.	Deus Impeditio Esuritori Nullus (No God Can Stop a Hungry Man)	Rome
series	The Warlord of Mars is a science fantasy novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the third of his famous Barsoom series.	The Warlord of Mars	Barsoom
series	Bugs Bunny and the Three Bears is a Warner Brothers Merrie Melodies theatrical cartoon short released in 1944, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Tedd Pierce.	Bugs Bunny and the Three Bears	Merrie Melodies
series	``Bitchcraft'' is the premiere episode of the third season of the anthology television series American Horror Story, which premiered on October 9, 2013 on the cable network FX.	Bitchcraft	American Horror Story
series	``The Producer'' is the fourth episode of the third season of Gilligan's Island, in which the castaways stage a musical version of Hamlet.	The Producer	Gilligan's Island
series	``Grey Dawn'' is the tenth episode in the seventh season and the 106th overall episode of the animated television series South Park.	Grey Dawn	South Park
series	Two Corny Crows was the ninth in the Huckleberry Hound cartoon series, debuted in the segment The Huckleberry Hound Show on 27 November 1958.	Two Corny Crows	The Huckleberry Hound Show
series	``Mathlete's Feat'' is the twenty-second episode and season finale of the twenty-sixth season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons, and the 574th overall episode of the series.	Mathlete's Feat	The Simpsons
series	``The Son Also Draws'' is the sixth episode of the first season of the animated comedy series Family Guy, originally aired on Fox on May 9, 1999.	The Son Also Draws	Family Guy
series	``Rimmerworld'' is the fifth episode of science fiction sit-com Red Dwarf Series VI and the 35th in the series run.	Rimmerworld	Red Dwarf
series	``The First Duty'' is the 119th episode of the American syndicated science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 19th episode of the show's fifth season.	The First Duty	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``Special Project'' is the fourteenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show's 166th episode overall.	Special Project	The Office
series	Bones of the Dragon is the first book in the Dragonships series written by the fantasy duo Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman.	Bones of the Dragon	Dragonships
series	It is the first installment in the Banjo-Kazooie series and follows the story of the titular characters Banjo and Kazooie as they try to stop the plans of series antagonist Gruntilda, who intends to switch her beauty with Banjo's sister Tooty.	Banjo-Kazooie	Banjo and Kazooie
series	``The Heart of the Truest Believer'' is the third season premiere of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time.	The Heart of the Truest Believer	Once Upon a Time
series	Cugel's Saga is a picaresque fantasy novel by Jack Vance, published by Timescape in 1983, the third book in the Dying Earth series, the first volume of which appeared in 1950.	Cugel's Saga	Dying Earth
series	The Angel's Command is a 2003 novel by Brian Jacques, author of the popular children's series Redwall, and the sequel to Castaways of the Flying Dutchman.	The Angel's Command	Brian Jacques
series	A Crown of Swords (abbreviated as aCoS by fans) is the seventh book of The Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan.	A Crown of Swords	The Wheel of Time
series	``Dead Is Dead'' is the 12th television episode of the fifth season of ABC's Lost.	Dead Is Dead	Lost
series	``The Big Tall Wish'' is episode twenty-seven of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone, with an original score by Jerry Goldsmith.	The Big Tall Wish	The Twilight Zone
series	``The Seven-Beer Snitch'' is the fourteenth episode of The Simpsons' sixteenth season, first aired on April 3, 2005 in the United States.	The Seven-Beer Snitch	The Simpsons
series	``It's the End of the World'' is the 16th episode of the second season of the ABC series, Grey's Anatomy.	It's the End of the World	Grey's Anatomy
series	The Ancient is a novel by R. A. Salvatore set in his world of Corona.	The Ancient	Corona
series	``Lost Verizon'' is the second episode of The Simpsons' twentieth season, and first aired on Fox network on October 5, 2008.	Lost Verizon	The Simpsons
series	Six Hands Across a Table is the twenty-fifth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman.	Six Hands Across a Table	The Avengers
series	``The Chimes of Big Ben'' is an episode of the British science fiction-allegorical series, The Prisoner.	The Chimes of Big Ben	The Prisoner
series	``Black Light Attack!'' is the tenth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 68th overall episode of the series.	Black Light Attack!	30 Rock
series	Conan of Venarium is a fantasy novel written by Harry Turtledove and edited by Teresa Nielsen Hayden featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan of Venarium	Conan the Barbarian
series	``Dark Frontier'' is a feature length episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the 15th and 16th episodes of the fifth season.	Dark Frontier	Star Trek: Voyager
series	Back to Bologna is a novel by Michael Dibdin, and is the tenth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series.	Back to Bologna	Aurelio Zen
series	Vox Sola (Latin for lone voice) is the twenty-second episode (production #122) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise.	Vox Sola	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	The other games in the ``Gold Box'' series used the game engine pioneered in Pool of Radiance, as did later D&D titles such as the Neverwinter Nights online game.	Pool of Radiance	Gold Box
series	``The Marine Biologist'' is the 78th episode of the American sitcom Seinfeld.	The Marine Biologist	Seinfeld
series	Hawksong is the first in a five book series of young adult fantasy shapeshifter novels called The Kiesha'ra Series.	Hawksong	The Kiesha'ra Series
series	The Necklace Affair (English for ``L'Affaire du Collier'') by the Belgian artist Edgar P. Jacobs was the tenth comic book in the Blake and Mortimer series.	The Necklace Affair	Blake and Mortimer
sport	The National Ice Hockey League (Liga Nacional de Hockey sobre Hielo) is the Spanish league of ice hockey.	National Ice Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	The 2002 ICC Americas Championship was a cricket tournament in Argentina, taking place between 12 March and 16 March 2002.	2002 ICC Americas Championship	cricket
sport	Semih Erden (born July 28, 1986) is a Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays for the Fenerbahçe of the Turkish Basketball League.	Semih Erden	basketball
sport	Yu Ho Pong (Chinese: 余浩邦; Jyutping: jyu4 hou6 bong1, born 19 August 1989) is a Hong Kong association football player who plays for Yuen Long at the position of striker.	Yu Ho Pong	association football
sport	Sammy Brown (born April 17, 1990) is an American football outside linebacker who is currently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos.	Sammy Brown	American football
sport	USA Basketball (USAB) is a non-profit organization and the governing body for basketball in the United States.	USA Basketball	basketball
sport	Phil Hawthorne (1943--1994) was an Australian rugby league and rugby union footballer -- a dual-code international.	Phil Hawthorne	rugby league
sport	The LLA Azteca Championship (Campeonato Azteca de LLA in Spanish) was a professional wrestling championship promoted by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Lucha Libre Azteca (LLA) between 2009 and 2013.	LLA Azteca Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Gregory Mike Quade (pronounced: KWAH-dee) (born March 12, 1957) is an American professional baseball coach and manager.	Mike Quade	baseball
sport	The 2008 Japan Super Series is the seventh tournament of the 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton.	2008 Japan Super Series	badminton
sport	The Buffalo Bisons are a professional minor league baseball team based in Buffalo, New York.	Buffalo Bisons	baseball
sport	The Kolkata Knight Riders (also known by the acronym KKR) are a franchise cricket team representing Kolkata in the Indian Premier League.	Kolkata Knight Riders	cricket
sport	The Nationale Cyclo-Cross Otegem is a cyclo-cross race held in Otegem, Belgium.	Nationale Cyclo-Cross Otegem	cyclo-cross
sport	The Hawthorn Memorial Trophy is a motorsport award given to the most successful British or Commonwealth driver in Formula One.	Hawthorn Memorial Trophy	Formula One
sport	Jamar Love (born November 8, 1986 in North Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent.	Jamar Love	American football
sport	Maja Savić (born April 29, 1976 in Berane, Montenegro) is a handball player, playing for ŽRK Budućnost T-Mobile, where she came to from Viborg HK.	Maja Savić	handball
sport	Harry C. Pohlman Field is a baseball field located in Beloit, Wisconsin, United States.	Harry C. Pohlman Field	baseball
sport	Carol Jarecki (born 1935) is an American chess organizer, an International Arbiter, and a chess writer.	Carol Jarecki	chess
sport	Surrey Scorchers is a basketball club based in Guildford, Surrey that currently competes in the British Basketball League.	Surrey Scorchers	basketball
sport	The Open de France is a European Tour golf tournament.	Open de France	golf
sport	Martina Ćorković (born July 4, 1993) is a Croatian handball player for Turkish club Zağnos SK and the Croatian national team.	Martina Ćorković	handball
sport	Joseph Macay McBride (born October 24, 1982) is a former Major League baseball relief pitcher.	Macay McBride	baseball
sport	Cecil Newton, Jr. (born March 20, 1986) is a former American football center.	Cecil Newton	American football
sport	The 2013 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships was a professional tennis tournament played on Carpet.	2013 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	Željko Franulović (born 13 June 1947) is a Croatian former tennis player who competed for SFR Yugoslavia and who has since had a long career in tennis management.	Željko Franulović	tennis
sport	Julius du Mont (December 15, 1881, Paris -- April 7, 1956, Hastings, England) was a pianist, piano teacher, chess player, journalist, editor and writer.	Julius du Mont	chess
sport	Le Traité des Amateurs is a chess treatise composed by a ``Society of Amateurs'' who were contemporaries of Philidor and all frequented the Café de la Régence in Paris.	Traité des Amateurs	chess
sport	Brandon Gentile (born April 23, 1987) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the American Hockey League and the ECHL.	Brandon Gentile	ice hockey
sport	Grant Connell (Pronounced: KAHN-nell) (born November 17, 1965) is a former professional tennis player from Canada, and has been a successful real estate agent for the past 10 years in Vancouver.	Grant Connell	tennis
sport	The 2003 Montreal Expos season was a season in baseball, and the 35th season for the Expos in Montreal.	2003 Montreal Expos season	baseball
sport	Herning Blue Fox is a Danish professional ice hockey team playing in the top Danish ice hockey league Metal Ligaen.	Herning Blue Fox	ice hockey
sport	The Trophée Lancôme was a professional golf tournament which was staged in France from 1970 to 2003.	Trophée Lancôme	golf
sport	The Elgon Cup is contested between the rugby union teams of Kenya and Uganda.	Elgon Cup	rugby union
sport	Shaun McRae (born 21 December 1959) is a rugby league coach, who is currently the director of rugby at Hull FC after a spell with the Salford City Reds.	Shaun McRae	rugby league
sport	Mahmoud Hassaballa (born 22 November 1986) is an Egyptian-Qatari handball player for Al Sadd and the Qatari national team.	Mahmoud Hassaballa	handball
sport	Laurent Chambertin (born September 29, 1966 in Dijon, Côte-d'Or) is a retired volleyball player from France, who earned a total number of 336 caps for the Men's National Team.	Laurent Chambertin	volleyball
sport	Shinta Mulia Sari is an Indonesian-born Singaporean badminton player.	Shinta Mulia Sari	badminton
sport	The 2009 ARAG World Team Cup was a tennis tournament play on outdoor clay courts.	2009 ARAG World Team Cup	tennis
sport	Joanna Worek (born 23 January 1986 in Pszczyna) is a Polish chess player holding the title of Woman grandmaster.	Joanna Worek	chess
sport	Tiffany Jackson-Jones (born April 26, 1985), is a basketball player for the Tulsa Shock in the WNBA.Jackson grew up in Duncanville, Texas.	Tiffany Jackson	basketball
sport	Luc Brodeur-Jourdain (born March 17, 1983) is a Canadian football offensive lineman for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.	Luc Brodeur-Jourdain	Canadian football
sport	Wei Yi (Chinese: 韦奕; pinyin: Wéi Yì; born 2 June 1999) is a Chinese chess grandmaster and chess prodigy.	Wei Yi	chess
sport	Jahri Evans (born August 22, 1983) is an American football offensive guard who currently a free agent of the National Football League (NFL).	Jahri Evans	American football
sport	De'Teri Mayes (August 5, 1974) is a former Austrian-American professional basketball player.	De'Teri Mayes	basketball
sport	Pat Flannery (born September 23, 1957) is a former head men's basketball coach at Bucknell University.	Pat Flannery	basketball
sport	Mike Tyson vs. James Smith, billed as ``Super Fight'', was a professional boxing match contested on March 7, 1987 for the WBA and WBC Heavyweight championships.	Mike Tyson vs. James Smith	boxing
sport	Progressive Field is a baseball park located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Progressive Field	baseball
sport	Yasser El Halaby, (born September 30, 1984 in Cairo) is an Egyptian professional squash player.	Yasser El Halaby	squash
sport	Joseph Jacques Marcel Bonin (born September 8, 1931) is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward.	Marcel Bonin	ice hockey
sport	Tomas Masiulis (born September 19, 1975) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player and the current head coach of Žalgiris-Arvydas Sabonis school.	Tomas Masiulis	basketball
sport	The ETTU Cup is the second most important continental tournament for clubs in European table tennis, after the European Champions League.	ETTU Cup	table tennis
sport	Joeli Vidiri (born 23 November 1973 in Nausori, in the highlands of Nadi, Nadroga-Navosa Province, Fiji) is a retired Fijian rugby union footballer who also played for the All Blacks.	Joeli Vidiri	rugby union
sport	The 1983 Pioneer Life World Women's Curling Championship, the women's world curling championship, was held from April 3-9 at the Moose Jaw Arena in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada.	1983 Pioneer Life World Women's Curling Championship	curling
sport	The Japan Golf Tour is a prominent golf tour.	Japan Golf Tour	golf
sport	La Piste de Bobsleigh des Pellerins (Pellerins Bobsleigh Track in (French)) was a bobsleigh track constructed for the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix, France.	La Piste de Bobsleigh des Pellerins	bobsleigh
sport	Scott Metcalfe (born January 6, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario and raised in Mississauga, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player.	Scott Metcalfe	ice hockey
sport	Gent Hawks is a Belgian professional basketball club that is located in the Gent area of the Province of East-Flanders, Belgium.	Gent Hawks	basketball
sport	The HoPWF Six-Man Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team title in the House of Pain Wrestling Federation promotion.	HoPWF Six-Man Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 2015 Miami Open presented by Itaú (also known as 2015 Miami Masters) was a professional men and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2015 Miami Open	tennis
sport	Gerhard Pfeiffer (June 14, 1923 -- June 27, 2000) was a German chess master and chess problemist.	Gerhard Pfeiffer	chess
sport	The FIBA Korać Cup was an annual basketball club competition held by FIBA between the 1971--72 and 2001--02 seasons.	FIBA Korać Cup	basketball
sport	Jonathan Drack (born 16 November 1988 in Beau-Bassin Rose-Hill) is a Mauritian athlete specialising in the triple jump.	Jonathan Drack	triple jump
sport	Adem Hmam (Arabic: آدم حمام‎) (born 1995) is a Tunisian table tennis player, and is the highest ranked player in Tunisia.	Adem Hmam	table tennis
sport	Pentti Airikkala (4 September 1945 -- 30 September 2009) was one of the ``Flying Finns'' who dominated world rallying in the past four decades.	Pentti Airikkala	rallying
sport	Daisuke Obara (小原 大輔) born June 4, 1981 is a Japanese professional ice hockey center currently playing for the Nippon Paper Cranes of the Asia League.	Daisuke Obara	ice hockey
sport	Brad Herauf (born August 24, 1982) is an ice hockey coach and former professional ice hockey left wing who most recently played for the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League.	Brad Herauf	ice hockey
sport	The 2nd Chess Olympiad, organized by the Fédération Internationale des Échecs (FIDE) and comprising an open and women's tournament, as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess, took place between July 21 and August 6, 1928 in The Hague, Netherlands.	2nd Chess Olympiad	chess
sport	Kelly Haimona (born 30 July 1986) is a New Zealand-born Italian international rugby union player, who can play Fly Half, Centre and Fullback.	Kelly Haimona	rugby union
sport	Nicole Antibe (born April 11, 1974 in Paris, France) is a French basketball player.Antibe has had 193 selections on the French national women's basketball team from 1993-2005 .	Nicole Antibe	basketball
sport	Lionel Beauxis (French pronunciation: ​(ljɔnɛl boksis)) (born 24 October 1985 in Tarbes, Hautes-Pyrénées) is a French rugby union player.	Lionel Beauxis	rugby union
sport	Rafał Feinmesser (1895 -- ?) was a Polish chess master.	Rafał Feinmesser	chess
sport	The 2017 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships will be a senior international figure skating competition in the 2016--17 season.	2017 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Ethnikos Alexandroupoli F.C. (Greek: Εθνικός Αλεξανδρούπολης) is an association football club based in Alexandroupoli, a city in the Evros prefecture of northern Greece.	Ethnikos Alexandroupoli F.C.	association football
sport	The 2006 Fed Cup was the 44th edition of the most important competition between national teams in women's tennis.	2006 Fed Cup	tennis
sport	The Radiology Associates Field at Jackie Robinson Ballpark (also known as Jackie Robinson Stadium or City Island Ball Park) is a historic baseball field in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States.	Radiology Associates Field at Jackie Robinson Ballpark	baseball
sport	Eva Twedberg (earlier Eva Pettersson; later Eva Stuart) is a former Swedish badminton player who won women's singles at numerous international championships.	Eva Twedberg	badminton
sport	The 1936 Australian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor Grass courts at the Memorial Drive, Adelaide, Australia from 18 to 27 January (No matches were scheduled on Monday 21 January after the death of King George V).	1936 Australian Championships	tennis
sport	The Ukrainian Athletic Federation (UAF) (Ukrainian: Федерація легкої атлетики України (ФЛАУ)) - is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Ukraine.	Ukrainian Athletic Federation	sport of athletics
sport	Andres Vooremaa (born 19 July 1944) is an Estonian chess player, who twice won the Estonian Chess Championship.	Andres Vooremaa	chess
sport	Hedwiga Rosenbaumová (born 1880-1927), also known as Hedwig Rosenbaum, was a tennis player who represented Bohemia.	Hedwiga Rosenbaumová	tennis
sport	The Perth Spirit is an Australian rugby union football team that competes in the National Rugby Championship (NRC).	Perth Spirit	rugby union
sport	Ko Sung-hyun (고성현; born May 21, 1987) is an internationally elite badminton player from South Korea.	Ko Sung-hyun	badminton
sport	Phillippe Aumont (born January 7, 1989) is a Canadian professional baseball pitcher with the Chicago White Sox organization.	Phillippe Aumont	baseball
sport	The Chinese Taipei national korfball team is managed by the Chinese Taipei Korfball Association (CTKA), representing Taiwan in korfball international competitions.	Chinese Taipei national korfball team	Korfball
sport	The Goldfields Titans was a semi professional rugby league club based in Kalgoorlie-Boulder, Western Australia, Australia.	Goldfields Titans	rugby league
sport	The USSR Premier Basketball League, or Soviet Union Premier Basketball League (also called Supreme League), was the first-tier men's professional basketball league in the former Soviet Union.	USSR Premier Basketball League	basketball
sport	The 2013 IMT-GT Cup or IMT-GT Friendship Football 2013 was invited association football tournament that featured six teams and was staged on 23 September 2013 to 29 September 2013 in Satun, Thailand.	2013 IMT-GT Cup	association football
sport	Demetri Catrakilis (born ) is a South African rugby union player, of Greek and Cypriot origin, who plays for French Top 14 side .	Demetri Catrakilis	rugby union
sport	The 2008 Beach Handball World Championships are a twelve-team tournament in both men's and women's beach handball, held in the Cadiz at Cadiz beach in Andalusia, Spain between July 9 and July 13 .	2008 Beach Handball World Championships	beach handball
sport	The Federal Amateur Hockey League (FAHL) was a Canadian men's senior-level ice hockey league that played six seasons, from 1904 to 1909.	Federal Amateur Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Diego de Paz Pazo (born September 25, 1971 in Sevilla) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain.	Diego de Paz	basketball
sport	The 2011 Nile Basin Tournament was an association football tournament organized by the Egyptian Football Association.	2011 Nile Basin Tournament	association football
sport	The 1968 Air Canada Silver Broom -- also known as the men's world curling championship -- was held in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada at the Pointe Claire Arena.	1968 Air Canada Silver Broom	curling
sport	Yuniesky Betancourt Pérez (born January 31, 1982) is a Cuban professional baseball shortstop.	Yuniesky Betancourt	baseball
sport	Matti Kuparinen (born October 16, 1984) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HIFK of the Finnish SM-liiga.	Matti Kuparinen	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 German Figure Skating Championships (German: Deutsche Meisterschaften im Eiskunstlaufen 2011) was a national competition in the 2010--11 figure skating season.	2011 German Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Žan Tabak (born June 15, 1970) is a Croatian former professional basketball player and coach.	Žan Tabak	basketball
sport	The 2007 NBA Europe Live Tour was a basketball exhibition tour featuring teams from the NBA and teams from Europe's top professional leagues, as part of the NBA Global Games.	2007 NBA Europe Live Tour	basketball
sport	IUVENTA Michalovce is a Slovak handball club based in Michalovce, that plays in the Women's Handball International League (WHIL), an international championship organized for Czech and Slovak teams.	IUVENTA Michalovce	handball
sport	Juan García Lorenzana, known as Juanín García, (born 28 August 1977 in León) is a Spanish handball player.	Juanín García	handball
sport	Warren Russell Oatman (February 19, 1905 -- October 25, 1964) - was a Canadian professional ice hockey player.	Russell Oatman	ice hockey
sport	The London International Basketball Invitational was a men's basketball competition.	London International Basketball Invitational	basketball
sport	The Booz Allen Classic was a regular golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1968 to 2006.	Booz Allen Classic	golf
sport	The LEN Euro Cup is a second-tier European water polo club competition run by the Ligue Européenne de Natation for those clubs who did not qualify for the LEN Champions League.	LEN Euro Cup	water polo
sport	Alexandre Lesiège (born August 18, 1975) is a Canadian chess grandmaster, who has won three Canadian championships and represented Canada in World Championship qualifying events and Olympiads.	Alexandre Lesiège	chess
sport	Igor Zhdanov (Latvian: Igors Ždanovs; Russian: Игорь Николаевич Жданов; July 27, 1920, Cesvaine, Latvia -- December 25, 1996, Rīga, Latvia) is a Latvian chess master who won the Latvian Chess Championship in 1943.	Igor Zhdanov	chess
sport	Jace Daniels (born March 3, 1989) an American football offensive tackle for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Jace Daniels	American football
sport	Brian Lashoff (born July 16, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Brian Lashoff	ice hockey
sport	Méribel Ice Palace is an indoor ice hockey arena in Méribel, France.	Méribel Ice Palace	ice hockey
sport	András Ádám-Stolpa (born 15 September 1921 -- 8 November 2010) was a Hungarian champion tennis, basketball and ice hockey player.	András Ádám-Stolpa	tennis
sport	Joseph Alton Byrd (born 1950s) is an American basketball player who also holds British citizenship.	Alton Byrd	basketball
sport	Clifton McNeely (June 22, 1919 -- December 26, 2003) was an American basketball player and coach.	Clifton McNeely	basketball
sport	Wu Jingyu started training in taekwondo aged 12.	Wu Jingyu	taekwondo
sport	The 2014 European Cup was an international rugby league football tournament.	2014 European Cup	rugby league
sport	Mark Brisker (born September 22, 1969) is an American-Israeli 1.96 m (6 ft 5 in) tall former basketball guard.	Mark Brisker	basketball
sport	Pedro Damiano (in Portuguese, Pedro Damião; Damiano is the Italian form, much like the Latin Damianus) was a Portuguese chess player who lived from 1480 to 1544.	Pedro Damiano	chess
sport	The 2008 Masters France was a non-ATP affiliated exhibition tennis tournament.	2008 Masters France	tennis
sport	Sergio Rodríguez Gómez (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈserxjo roˈðɾiɣeθ); born June 12, 1986) is a Spanish professional basketball player for Real Madrid of the Spanish League.	Sergio Rodríguez	basketball
sport	The EuroLeague Women (officially FIBA EuroLeague Women) is the highest professional basketball league in Europe for women's clubs.	EuroLeague Women	basketball
sport	Mohibullah Khan is a former squash player from Pakistan.	Mohibullah Khan	squash
sport	Tiffany Stansbury (born January 16, 1983 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American professional basketball player in the WNBA.	Tiffany Stansbury	basketball
sport	SuperSport Park is a cricket ground in Centurion, Gauteng, South Africa.	SuperSport Park	cricket
sport	The Albuquerque Dukes were a minor league baseball team based in Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA.	Albuquerque Dukes	baseball
sport	Angelique Widjaja (Chinese: 黄依林; pinyin: Huang Yīlín) (born 12 December 1984) is a retired Chinese Indonesian professional tennis player.	Angelique Widjaja	tennis
sport	Ritten Sport are a professional Italian ice hockey team from Ritten, Italy.	Ritten Sport	ice hockey
sport	The Ferrari Challenge is a single-marque motorsport championship that was created in 1993 for owners of the 348 Berlinetta who wanted to become involved in racing.	Ferrari Challenge	motorsport
sport	Antonin Rouzier (born 18 August 1986) is a French volleyball player, a member of France men's national volleyball team and Turkish club Arkas Izmir, European Champion 2015, gold medalist of the World League 2015, silver medalist of the European Championship 2009, French Champion (2011).	Antonin Rouzier	volleyball
sport	Hans-Joachim Hecht (born January 29, 1939, Luckenwalde, Brandenburg) is a German chess player and twice the national champion.	Hans-Joachim Hecht	chess
sport	Finlandia-hiihto (Swedish: Finlandialoppet) is a long-distance cross-country skiing competition, held annually in Finland in February.	Finlandia-hiihto	cross-country skiing
sport	Tarik Benhabiles (born 5 February 1965 in Algiers, Algeria) is a former Algerian-French tennis player.	Tarik Benhabiles	tennis
sport	Sven Riederer (born March 27, 1981) is an athlete from Switzerland, who competes in triathlon.	Sven Riederer	triathlon
sport	Fred VanVleet (born February 25, 1994) is an American college basketball player for Wichita State where he is playing his senior season for the 2015--16 team.	Fred VanVleet	basketball
sport	KS Cukierki Odra Brzeg is a Polish women basketball team, based in Brzeg, playing in Ford Germaz Ekstraklasa (PLKK).	KS Cukierki Odra Brzeg	basketball
sport	Gippsland Falcons SC were an Australian association football (soccer) team based in Morwell, Australia.	Gippsland Falcons SC	association football
sport	Lucia Romanov-Stark (née Romanov; born 28 April 1959) is a professional Romanian retired tennis player and former member of the Romania Fed Cup team.	Lucia Romanov-Stark	tennis
sport	K. Berchem Sport is a Belgian association football club based in the district of Berchem in the municipality of Antwerp and currently playing in the Belgian Third Division B. It has formerly played in the first division.	K. Berchem Sport	association football
sport	The 2001 Betty Barclay Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Hamburg in Germany and was part of Tier II of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 Betty Barclay Cup	tennis
sport	The 1988 European Indoors was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Hallenstadion in Zürich in Switzerland and was part of Tier IV of the 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 European Indoors	tennis
sport	Dave Bike (born March 14, 1946) was the former men's head basketball coach at Sacred Heart University.	Dave Bike	basketball
sport	Ripon Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in Ripon, Borough of Harrogate, North Yorkshire.	Ripon Rugby Union Football Club	rugby union
sport	The Advanta Championships of Philadelphia (also long known as the Virginia Slims of Philadelphia) was a WTA Tour professional tennis tournament for women played from 1971 through 2005 in Philadelphia, United States.	Advanta Championships of Philadelphia	tennis
sport	Satoko Suetsuna (born January 30, 1981) is a badminton player from Japan.	Satoko Suetsuna	badminton
sport	The Solingen Alligators are a baseball and softball club from Solingen, North Rhine-Westphalia.	Solingen Alligators	baseball
sport	František Tikal (July 18, 1933 -- August 10, 2008) was a Czechoslovak ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga.	František Tikal	ice hockey
sport	Lita Liem Sugiarto (born 27 February 1946), sometimes known by her maiden name Lita Liem, a former Indonesian professional tennis player.	Lita Liem Sugiarto	tennis
sport	Andreas Rauscher (born January 25, 1978) is an Austrian former professional association football player and coach.	Andreas Rauscher	association football
sport	The Bosuilstadion is an association football stadium in the city of Antwerp, Belgium.	Bosuilstadion	association football
sport	FIBA Oceania Championship is the name commonly used to refer to the Oceania basketball championships that take every two years between national teams of the continent.	FIBA Oceania Championship	basketball
sport	The 1999 Open Gaz de France was a WTA tennis tournament, played on indoor hardcourts.	1999 Open Gaz de France	tennis
sport	Rugby Nice Côte d'Azur Université-Racing was a French rugby union club, which went into liquidation in June 2012.	Rugby Nice Côte d'Azur Université-Racing	rugby union
sport	The 1982 Swedish Open was a men's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held in Båstad, Sweden.	1982 Swedish Open	tennis
sport	The Vuelta a Guatemala (Spanish for Tour of Guatemala) is a multi-day road bicycle racing stage race held annually and typically during late October and early November in several locations in Guatemala.	Vuelta a Guatemala	road bicycle racing
sport	Rivas Osos (Rivas Bears in English language) is an American football team based in Rivas-Vaciamadrid, Community of Madrid (Spain).	Rivas Osos	American football
sport	Liezel Huber (née Horn; born 21 August 1976) is a professional tennis player from the United States, having been a naturalized American citizen since July 2007.	Liezel Huber	tennis
sport	Donovan Solano Preciado (born December 17, 1987) is a Colombian professional baseball second baseman in the New York Yankees organization.	Donovan Solano	baseball
sport	Dominique Harize, born 26 February 1956, was a rugby union player who was capped 9 times.	Dominique Harize	rugby union
sport	Sheldon Wong (born 13 July 1960) is a Jamaican chess player who now resides in Orlando, Florida.	Sheldon Wong	chess
sport	The Rugby League World Golden Boot Award is a rugby league award handed out annually for achievements in rugby league by Rugby League World magazine.	Rugby League World Golden Boot Award	rugby league
sport	Tatyana Karakashyants (née Vereina; Russian: Татьяна Каракашьянц née Вереина, December 21, 1925 -- October 13, 2004) was a Soviet diver and diving coach.	Tatyana Karakashyants	diving
sport	The Brasil Open is a tennis tournament held annually in São Paulo, Brazil.	Brasil Open	tennis
sport	Lars-Eric Lundvall (born 3 April 1934) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player and coach.	Lars-Eric Lundvall	ice hockey
sport	José Edvar Simões is a former Brazilian basketball player.	José Edvar Simões	basketball
sport	LaQuinton Ross (born November 18, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Pallacanestro Cantù of the Italian Serie A. He played college basketball for the Ohio State Buckeyes before declaring for the 2014 NBA draft.	LaQuinton Ross	basketball
sport	The 2007 FIVB Volleyball World League was the 18th edition of the annual men's international volleyball tournament, played by 16 countries from 25 May to 15 July 2007.	2007 FIVB Volleyball World League	volleyball
sport	Davis Webb (born January 22, 1995 in Prosper, Texas) is an American football quarterback.	Davis Webb	American football
sport	Shawn James (born September 10, 1983) is a Guyanese born American professional basketball player who last played for Olympiacos Piraeus of the Greek Basket League and the Euroleague.	Shawn James	basketball
sport	The 1984 Football League Cup Final (billed as the Milk Cup Final) was an association football match between Liverpool and Everton.	1984 Football League Cup Final	association football
sport	Eugène Mougin (17 November 1852 -- 28 December 1923) was a French competitor in the sport of archery.	Eugène Mougin	archery
sport	The 2007 Coupe Internationale de Nice (English: 2007 International Cup of Nice) was the Coupe Internationale de Nice competition for the 2007--08 figure skating season.	2007 Coupe Internationale de Nice	figure skating
sport	The 2012 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on February 26, 2012 at 7:30 p.m. EST at the Amway Center in Orlando, Florida, home of the Orlando Magic.	2012 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	Vladimír Martinec (born December 22, 1949 in Lomnice nad Popelkou, Czechoslovakia) was a Czech ice hockey right wing in the 1970s.	Vladimír Martinec	ice hockey
sport	The Pequeño Reyes del Aire Tournament (Spanish for the ``Little Kings of the Air'') is an annual wrestling tournament promoted by the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and has been held since 2007, holding two tournaments in 2012, and one every other year.	Pequeño Reyes del Aire	professional wrestling
sport	The Philadelphia Ramblers were a minor professional ice hockey team based in the Philadelphia Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Philadelphia Ramblers	ice hockey
sport	Andrius Giedraitis (born July 23, 1973) was a Lithuanian professional basketball player.	Andrius Giedraitis	basketball
sport	The 2002 World University Baseball Championship was an under-23 international college baseball tournament that was held from August 2 to 11, 2002.	2002 World University Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	Yaal Blazers is a franchise cricket team based in Kurunegala, Sri Lanka.	Yaal Blazers	cricket
sport	The 2012 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament began on Friday, June 1, 2012 as part of the 2012 NCAA Division I baseball season.	2012 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	Eugenio Torre (born November 4, 1951) is a chess grandmaster (GM).	Eugenio Torre	chess
sport	The Spain national rugby union team (sevens) represents Spain in international rugby sevens competitions.	Spain national rugby union team	rugby sevens
sport	EV Landshut, also known as EVL Landshut Eishockey and formerly known as the Landshut Cannibals, are a professional ice hockey team based in Landshut, Bavaria, Germany.	EV Landshut	ice hockey
sport	Odrisamer Despaigne Orue (/ˈoʊdriˌsɑːmər dɛsˈpɑːnˌjeɪ/ born April 4, 1987) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Odrisamer Despaigne	baseball
sport	The ICC Champions Trophy is a One Day International (ODI) cricket tournament organised by the International Cricket Council (ICC), second in importance only to the Cricket World Cup.	ICC Champions Trophy	cricket
sport	Stephen Black (born 5 April 1980) is an Australian former professional basketball player who last played for the Cairns Taipans of the NBL.	Stephen Black	basketball
sport	Keith Oxlee (17 December 1934 -- 31 August 1998) was a Springbok rugby union player who represented South Africa in 19 tests between 1960 and 1965.	Keith Oxlee	rugby union
sport	Ilya Gurevich (born February 8, 1972 in Kiev) is a Soviet-born American chess grandmaster.	Ilya Gurevich	chess
sport	The 2008 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2007-08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place from March 12--	2008 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	KK Metalac Valjevo (Serbian Cyrillic: КК Металац Ваљево) is a professional basketball club from Valjevo, Serbia, currently participating in the Adriatic League and the KLS.	KK Metalac Valjevo	basketball
sport	George Foreman vs. Axel Schulz, billed as ``Celebration'', was a professional boxing match contested on April 22, 1995 for Foreman's IBF and lineal heavyweight championships, as well as the vacant WBU heavyweight championship.	George Foreman vs. Axel Schulz	boxing
sport	The 2013 Sony Open Tennis (also known as 2013 Miami Masters), a men's and women's tennis tournament, was the 29th edition of the Miami Masters event and played on outdoor hard courts at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Miami.	2013 Sony Open Tennis	tennis
sport	The Ford C. Frick Award is presented annually by the National Baseball Hall of Fame in the United States to a broadcaster for ``major contributions to baseball.''	Ford C. Frick Award	baseball
sport	Dennis Vanendert (born 27 June 1988) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer and cyclo-cross rider, who rides for UCI ProTeam Lotto-Soudal.	Dennis Vanendert	cyclo-cross
sport	Daniela Hantuchová (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈdaɲiela ˈɦantuxoʋaː); born 23 April 1983) is a Slovak tennis player.	Daniela Hantuchová	tennis
sport	Kevin Asselin (born February 9, 1985 in Acton Vale, Quebec) is a professional ice hockey player.	Kevin Asselin	ice hockey
sport	The 2012 Arab Cup U-17 was an association football tournament between Arabic countries played in July 2012 and hosted in Tunisia.	2012 Arab Cup U-17	association football
sport	Aigars Šķēle (born December 4, 1992 in Riga, Latvia) is a professional basketball player who is currently playing for the Latvian club BK Valmiera on loan from VEF Rīga.	Aigars Šķēle	basketball
sport	The 2015 Rostelecom Cup (also known as Cup of Russia) was an international figure skating competition in the 2015--16 season.	2015 Rostelecom Cup	figure skating
sport	James Enright (April 3, 1910 -- December 20, 1981) was a college and professional basketball referee and sportswriter.	James Enright	basketball
sport	The Gungahlin Football Club is a semi-professional community based Australian rules football club based in Gungahlin, Australian Capital Territory.	Gungahlin Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The Nehru Cup (more formally known as the ONGC Nehru Cup) is an international association football tournament organised by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).	Nehru Cup	association football
sport	The 1985 Virginia Slims of Utah was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.	1985 Virginia Slims of Utah	tennis
sport	Victor Holt, Jr. (May 8, 1908 -- April 22, 1988) was an American college basketball standout at Oklahoma in the late 1920s.	Victor Holt	basketball
sport	Cyril Suk III (born 29 January 1967 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional tennis player.	Cyril Suk	tennis
sport	Virtus Entella (usually referred as simply Entella or Chiavari Entella) is an Italian association football club, based in Chiavari, Liguria.	Virtus Entella	association football
sport	Boris Kristančič (November 21, 1931 -- October 29, 2015) was a Slovene basketball player and coach.	Boris Kristančič	basketball
sport	Rudy Distrito (born May 17, 1958 in Bacolod City), is a retired Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Rudy Distrito	basketball
sport	The 2009 Shanghai ATP Masters 1000 (also known as the 2009 Shanghai ATP Masters 1000--presented by Rolex) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2009 Shanghai ATP Masters 1000	tennis
sport	Ari-Pekka Selin (born May 17, 1963) is a former professional ice hockey player and coach.	Ari-Pekka Selin	ice hockey
sport	Brian Liebenberg (born 19 September 1979 in Benoni) is a South Africa-born French rugby union footballer.	Brian Liebenberg	rugby union
sport	Miloslav Gureň (born September 24, 1976 in Uherské Hradiště, Czechoslovakia) is a professional ice hockey player who played 36 games in the National Hockey League.	Miloslav Gureň	ice hockey
sport	Regina Narva (born May 19, 1970), née Rõtova, is an Estonian chess Woman FIDE Master (2007).	Regina Narva	chess
sport	The 1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts.	1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament	tennis
sport	Orlandina Basket, known as Betaland Capo d'Orlando for sponsorship reasons, is an Italian professional basketball club based in Capo d'Orlando, Sicily.	Orlandina Basket	basketball
sport	Porto Ravenna Volley was a historical volleyball club from the city of Ravenna in Emilia-Romagna.	Porto Ravenna Volley	volleyball
sport	BK Opava is a Czech professional basketball club based in the historical city of Opava.	BK Opava	basketball
sport	Michael Colin Cowdrey, Baron Cowdrey of Tonbridge, CBE (24 December 1932 -- 4 December 2000), better known as Colin Cowdrey, played for Oxford University Cricket Club (1952--54), Kent County Cricket Club (1950-76) and the England cricket team (1954--75).	Colin Cowdrey	cricket
sport	Stockholmspolisens IF also has departments in team handball, basketball, football, judo and, triathlon.	Stockholmspolisens IF	handball
sport	Tyaunna Marshall (born December 22, 1992) is a professional basketball player who currently plays in the for the Indiana Fever of the Women's National Basketball Association.	Tyaunna Marshall	basketball
sport	The Maui Rugby Club are an American rugby union and rugby league team based in Maui, Hawaii.	Maui Rugby	rugby league
sport	The Internazionali Femminili di Brescia is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hard courts.	Internazionali Femminili di Brescia	tennis
sport	Grainville Cricket Ground is a cricket ground in Saint Saviour, Jersey.	Grainville Cricket Ground	cricket
sport	Werner Greeff (born 14 July 1977 in Bellville, Western Cape) is a former South African rugby union player.	Werner Greeff	rugby union
sport	Bojan Janić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Јанић born 11 March 1982 in Leskovac, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian volleyball player and former captain of the Serbia national team.	Bojan Janić	volleyball
sport	The European Men's and Women's Team Badminton Championships is a tournament organized by the Badminton Europe (BE), held once every two years to crown the best badminton men's and women's national teams in Europe.	European Men's and Women's Team Badminton Championships	badminton
sport	The 2001 ANZ Tasmanian International was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Hobart International Tennis Centre in Hobart in Australia and was part of Tier V of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 ANZ Tasmanian International	tennis
sport	Clanfield F.C. is an association football club in Clanfield, near Carterton, England.	Clanfield F.C.	association football
sport	The Bulgarian Chess Championship is an event inaugurated in 1933 to crown the best chess player in Bulgaria.	Bulgarian Chess Championship	chess
sport	The 2010 Asia Cup was the tenth edition of the Asia Cup cricket tournament, which was held in Sri Lanka from 15--24 June 2010.	2010 Asia Cup	cricket
sport	Emirates Club (Arabic: نادي الامارات‎) is a professional association football club based in the city of Ras al-Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates.	Emirates Club	association football
sport	The Slovenian Basketball Cup is an annual professional basketball competition between clubs from Slovenia.	Slovenian Basketball Cup	basketball
sport	The Colorado Xplosion was the first women's professional basketball franchise in Colorado, an American Basketball League (ABL) team based in Denver.	Colorado Xplosion	basketball
sport	Mark Siebeck (born October 14, 1975 in Schkeuditz, Saxony) is a volleyball player from Germany, who played for the Men's National Team in the 2000s.	Mark Siebeck	volleyball
sport	The Rome Marathon is an annual marathon competition hosted by the city of Rome, Italy on a Sunday of March.	Rome Marathon	marathon
sport	Declan Fitzpatrick (born 12 July 1983) is an Irish former rugby union footballer.	Declan Fitzpatrick	rugby union
sport	The 1995 Open 13 was a men's Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Marseille, France and played on indoor carpet courts.	1995 Open 13	tennis
sport	The 1971 Women's European Volleyball Championship was the eighth edition of the event, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball.	1971 Women's European Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	Molteni was an Italian professional road bicycle racing team from 1958 until the end of 1976.	Molteni	road bicycle racing
sport	KHL Sisak is a Croatian ice hockey team that occasionally plays in the Croatian Ice Hockey Championship.	KHL Sisak	ice hockey
sport	Rovaniemen Santasport is a former professional volleyball team from Rovaniemi, Finland.	Rovaniemen Santasport	volleyball
sport	Jake Christensen (born August 15, 1986) is former American football quarterback for the Dresden Monarchs football team in the German Football League.	Jake Christensen	American football
sport	Edward Löwe (also Eduard Loewe; 23 September 1794 -- 24 February 1880) was a Bohemian-born, after 1830 naturalized English chess master.	Edward Löwe	chess
sport	The Chinese Volleyball League, often abbreviated to the CVL, is the pre-eminent men's and women's professional volleyball leagues in China.	Chinese Volleyball League	volleyball
sport	Janet Ely coaches diving at the Mission Viejo Nadadores in Mission Viejo, California.	Janet Ely	diving
sport	Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol (CSV) or Portuguese Confederação Sul-americana de Voleibol is the continental governing body for the sport of volleyball in South America.	Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol	volleyball
sport	François Joseph Marie Antoine Blanchy, best known as François Blanchy (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa blɑ̃ʃi); 12 December 1886 -- 2 October 1960) was a tennis player competing for France.	François Blanchy	tennis
sport	The 2011 Durand Cup is the 124th edition of the Durand Cup, the third oldest association football competition in the world.	2011 Durand Cup	association football
sport	The Longford Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in Longford, Tasmania which currently compete in the modern Northern Tasmanian Football Association.	Longford Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The 2007 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2007 college football season.	2007 Florida Gators football team	American football
sport	The Lausitzer Füchse (literally Lusatian Foxes) is a professional ice hockey team based in Weißwasser, Saxony.	Lausitzer Füchse	ice hockey
sport	Ladislav Hecht (Czech pronunciation: (ˈladɪslaf ˈɦɛxt); Hungarian: Hecht László (ˈhɛkt ˈlaːsloː); August 31, 1909 -- May 27, 2004;) was a Jewish professional tennis player, well known for representing Czechoslovakia in the Davis Cup during the 1930s where he compiled an 18 victories 19 losses record.	Ladislav Hecht	tennis
sport	SC Bregenz is an Austrian association football club from Austria, based in the town of Bregenz, which was founded in 1919.	SC Bregenz	association football
sport	DeAndre Carter (born April 10, 1993) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a member of the New England Patriots.	DeAndre Carter	American football
sport	The Immortal Zugzwang Game is a chess game between Friedrich Sämisch and Aron Nimzowitsch, played in Copenhagen 1923.	Immortal Zugzwang Game	chess
sport	Right after the match completion, the number 15, which was used by Juan Carlos Plata during his whole career, was officially retired from CSD Municipal, being the first and only soccer player in Guatemala who is granted with this honour, thus he forms part of the Retired numbers in association football.	Juan Carlos Plata	association football
sport	The Women's Hockey Junior World Cup is the field hockey Junior World Cup competition for women, with the format for qualification and the final tournament similar to the men's.	Women's Hockey Junior World Cup	field hockey
sport	Glenhis Hernández (born 7 October 1990 in Havana) is a taekwondo practitioner from Cuba.	Glenhis Hernández	taekwondo
sport	The 1972 CFL Draft composed of nine rounds where 70 Canadian football players that were chosen exclusively from eligible Canadian universities.	1972 CFL Draft	Canadian football
sport	Sandgate-Redcliffe Gators District Cricket Club is a cricket club in Sandgate, Queensland, and Redcliffe, Queensland, Australia.	Sandgate-Redcliffe Gators	cricket
sport	Luděk Bukač, born 4 August 1935 in Ústí nad Labem, Czechoslovakia is a Czechoslovakia, later Czech, ice hockey player and manager.	Luděk Bukač	ice hockey
sport	Amos Dee was a Welsh professional association football player of the 1920s.	Amos Dee	association football
sport	Amit Simhon (Hebrew: עמית שמחון‎; born October 22, 1989) is an Israeli basketball player.	Amit Simhon	basketball
sport	Marcelo Dilglay Damiao (born 19 March 1975 in Campinas, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian-Italian basketball player.	Marcelo Dilglay Damiao	basketball
sport	The Welsh International is an international badminton championship held in Wales since 1928 and is thereby one of the oldest badminton tournaments in the world.	Welsh International	badminton
sport	Alon Stein (Hebrew: אלון שטיין‎; born January 4, 1978) is a German-Israeli former professional basketball player and assistant coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv.	Alon Stein	basketball
sport	Harvey Carey (born March 18, 1979) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player born in San Francisco, California and currently playing for the TNT Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Harvey Carey	basketball
sport	Leonidas Skoutaris (Greek: Λεωνίδας Σκούταρης; born 28 August 1976 in Athens, Greece), is a retired Greek professional basketball player.	Leonidas Skoutaris	basketball
sport	Jochen Schöps (born 8 October 1983) is a German volleyball player, a member of Germany men's national volleyball team and Polish club Asseco Resovia Rzeszów, a gold medalist of European League 2009, a bronze medalist of the World Championship 2014, Polish Champion (2015).	Jochen Schöps	volleyball
sport	The UEFA Youth League (originally titled as the UEFA U-19 Champions League) is an association football competition for all under age players registered to the 32 senior clubs that qualify for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League, plus 32 domestic youth champions.	UEFA Youth League	association football
sport	The 2012 Women's Six Nations Championship, also known as the 2012 RBS Women's Six Nations due to the tournament's sponsorship by the Royal Bank of Scotland, was be the 11th series of the Women's Six Nations Championship, an annual women's rugby union competition between six European rugby union national teams.	2012 Women's Six Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	The 2010 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship is the third junior female world ice hockey championships.	2010 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship	ice hockey
sport	Ademir da Guia (born 3 April 1942) is a retired professional footballer who played during the 1960s and 1970s for Palmeiras, a leading association football team in Brazil, where he is still regarded as one of the club's all-time best players.	Ademir da Guia	association football
sport	Popularly referred to as ``Arch Madness'', the 2010 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament as part of the 2009--10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season was played in St. Louis, Missouri March 4--7, 2010.	2010 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Jaouad Achab (born August 20, 1992) is a taekwondo practitioner from Belgium.	Jaouad Achab	taekwondo
sport	Dušan Katnić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Катнић; born March 3, 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Igokea of the ABA League and the Bosnian League.	Dušan Katnić	basketball
sport	Marcel Höhlig (born April 14, 1979 in Rodewisch) is a Nordic combined athlete from Germany who has competed since 2000.	Marcel Höhlig	Nordic combined
sport	The 1920 Buffalo All-Americans season was the franchise's inaugural season with the American Professional Football Association (APFA), an American football league, and fifth total as a team.	1920 Buffalo All-Americans season	American football
sport	The 2011 PGA Tour of Australasia was a series of men's professional golf events played mainly in Australia.	2011 PGA Tour of Australasia	golf
sport	The Tucson Thunder Kats are a professional indoor football (a variation of American football) team that was planning to begin play in the American Indoor Football Association for the 2011 season.	Tucson Thunder Kats	American football
sport	Lucy Soutter (born in Cirencester, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom) is a former professional squash player from England.	Lucy Soutter	squash
sport	Bruno Guttowski (8 November 1924 -- 4 July 1977) was a professional ice hockey player.	Bruno Guttowski	ice hockey
sport	The winners of the 1995 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation, are listed below.	1995 Asian Cup Winners' Cup	association football
sport	The 2009 Friends Provident Trophy was an English county cricket tournament held between 19 April and 25 July 2009.	2009 Friends Provident Trophy	cricket
sport	Rochelle Ballantyne (born 1995) is an African American chess player.	Rochelle Ballantyne	chess
sport	Mate Skelin (born December 13, 1974 in Zagreb, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Croatian basketball player.	Mate Skelin	basketball
sport	Martin Damm (born 1 August 1972) is a former a professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.	Martin Damm	tennis
sport	The Milan Vidmar Memorial is a chess tournament commemorating Milan Vidmar (1885--1962), a leading Slovenian grandmaster.	Vidmar Memorial	chess
sport	Kevin Fletcher (born January 11, 1980) is an American-born naturalized Macedonian professional basketball player.	Kevin Fletcher	basketball
sport	Chris Whitaker (born 19 October 1974) is an Australian retired rugby union footballer.	Chris Whitaker	rugby union
sport	Janet Newberry (born August 6, 1953) is an American former professional tennis player who was active in the 1970s.	Janet Newberry	tennis
sport	Alan Damian Bender (Hebrew: אלן דמיאן בנדר‎; born 16 February 1986) is a retired Argentine-Israeli association football player who last played for Punta del Este in Uruguay.	Alan Damian Bender	association football
sport	Pauliasi Taulava (born March 2, 1973), also known as Asi Taulava, is a Tongan-Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippines who currently plays for the NLEX Road Warriors in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Asi Taulava	basketball
sport	The 2012 McDonald's All-American Girls Game is an All-star basketball game that was played on March 28, 2011 at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois, home of the Chicago Bulls.	2012 McDonald's All-American Girls Game	basketball
sport	The 2004 FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship was the only FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship, played under the rules of FIBA, the world governing body for basketball, and the FIBA Africa thereof.	2004 FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship	basketball
sport	Roscommon Racecourse is a horse racing venue located in Roscommon, County Roscommon, Ireland, approximately 76 km north east of Galway and 136 km west of Dublin.	Roscommon Racecourse	horse racing
sport	Nicolai Jasnogrodsky (6 August 1859, Lubny -- 23 April 1914, New York) was a Russian--born American chess master.	Nicolai Jasnogrodsky	chess
sport	Thales McReynolds (June 8, 1943 - July 3, 1988) was an NBA basketball player for the Baltimore Bullets.	Thales McReynolds	basketball
sport	Andrea Gardini (born 1 October 1965) is a former Italian volleyball player, medalist of the Olympic Games, three-time World Champion (1990, 1994, 1998), European Champion 1989, head coach of Polish club Indykpol AZS Olsztyn.	Andrea Gardini	volleyball
sport	The 2001 Jordan League was the 51st season of Jordan Premier League, the top-flight league for Jordanian association football clubs.	2001 Jordan League	association football
sport	The WXW Women's Championship is the top female professional wrestling title in the World Xtreme Wrestling promotion.	WXW Women's Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Martine Le Moignan, MBE (born 28 October 1962, Guernsey, Channel Islands) is a former professional squash player, who was one of the game's leading players in the 1980s and early-1990s.	Martine Le Moignan	squash
sport	Mubarak International Stadium (Arabic: ستاد مبارك الدولي‎) is an all-seated association football stadium in Suez, Egypt.	Mubarak International Stadium	association football
sport	The World Amateur Golf Ranking for men was introduced by the R&A, the governing body of amateur golf outside the United States and Mexico, on 23 January 2007.	World Amateur Golf Ranking	golf
sport	Johanna Ahlm (born 3 October 1987) is a Swedish handball player who plays for FCM Håndbold and the Sweden women's national handball team.	Johanna Ahlm	handball
sport	The 1997 U.S. Women's Hard Court Championships was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Stone Mountain Tennis Center in Atlanta, Georgia in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1997 WTA Tour.	1997 U.S. Women's Hard Court Championships	tennis
sport	The 2012 Japan Super Series was the ninth super series tournament of the 2012 BWF Super Series in badminton.	2012 Japan Super Series	badminton
sport	The 2013 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B was the ninth edition of the Division B of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, the second tier of basketball European U-20 championships.	2013 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B	basketball
sport	Fredensborg Boldklub og Idrætsforening (Danish: Fredensborg Ball and Sports Club), known as Fredensborg BI, is a Danish association football club located in the municipality of Fredensborg, which plays in the Denmark Series.	Fredensborg BI	association football
sport	Amber Jacobs (born June 29, 1982) is the assistant athletic director for Summit University and is also their head women's basketball coach.	Amber Jacobs	basketball
sport	Uzi Geller (Hebrew: עוזי גלר‎; born 27 January 1931, in kibbutz Givat Chaim) is an Israeli chess master.	Uzi Geller	chess
sport	The Croatian Chess Federation (Croatian: Hrvatski šahovski savez, HŠS) is a chess governing body in Croatia.	Croatian Chess Federation	chess
sport	Carlos Jiménez Sánchez (born February 10, 1976) is a Spanish former professional basketball player and current assistant coach of the Unicaja.	Carlos Jiménez	basketball
sport	Welvis Dias Marcelino, better known as Vivinho (March 10, 1961 -- September 13, 2015), was an association football striker, who played in several Brazilian Série A clubs.	Vivinho	association football
sport	Georgios Amerikanos (alternate spelling: Giorgos) (Greek: Γιώργος Αμερικάνος; December 21, 1942 -- October 7, 2013) was a Greek professional basketball player and basketball coach.	Georgios Amerikanos	basketball
sport	Saki Minemura (峯村沙紀 Minemura Saki, born April 18, 1990) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows.	Saki Minemura	volleyball
sport	National League 1, (which was known before September 2009 as National Division Two), is the third level of domestic rugby union competition in England.	National League 1	rugby union
sport	Ronn Tomassoni is a retired American ice hockey player and coach.	Ronn Tomassoni	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 Mexican Figure Skating Championships were the Mexican Figure Skating Championships of the 2010--11 figure skating season.	2011 Mexican Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Kehoe Cup (Irish: Corn Mhic Eochaidh) is an annual hurling competition organised by the Leinster Council of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) since 1977 for second- and third-tier inter-county teams in the province of Leinster in Ireland.	Kehoe Cup	hurling
sport	The Macon Trax were a minor-league professional ice hockey team based in Macon, Georgia.	Macon Trax	ice hockey
sport	Teresa Edwards (born July 19, 1964) is an American former women's basketball player.	Teresa Edwards	basketball
sport	Qiu Li (Chinese: 邱礼, born June 6, 1981 in Shenyang, Liaoning, China) is a naturalised Chinese-Singaporean professional association football player.	Qiu Li	association football
sport	The 2010 European Trophy was a European ice hockey tournament, played between 11 August and 5 September 2010.	2010 European Trophy	ice hockey
sport	Derek Edwardson (born August 26, 1981) is an American born Italian professional ice hockey player who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent.	Derek Edwardson	ice hockey
sport	The 2006 Orange Prokom Open was the ninth edition of this men's tennis tournament and was played on outdoor clay courts.	2006 Orange Prokom Open	tennis
sport	The Royal Belgian Hockey Association (Dutch: Koninklijke Belgische Hockey Bond; French: Association Royale Belge de Hockey) is the governing body for the game of (field) hockey in Belgium.	Royal Belgian Hockey Association	field) hockey
sport	Zaheer Khan (born 7 October 1978) is a former Indian cricketer who was a member of the Indian national cricket team from 2000 till 2014.	Zaheer Khan	cricket
sport	The Hershey Bears are an American professional ice hockey team based in Hershey, Pennsylvania.	Hershey Bears	ice hockey
sport	Georgi Joseph (born November 23, 1982) is a French professional basketball player who plays for French Pro A league club ASVEL.	Georgi Joseph	basketball
sport	Thomas Briels (23 August 1987, Wilrijk) is a Belgian international field hockey player.	Thomas Briels	field hockey
sport	The British Flyweight Championship is a British flyweight professional wrestling championship currently defended in XWA.	British Flyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 2011 Rally Australia was the 21st Rally Australia and the tenth round of the 2011 World Rally Championship season.	2011 Rally Australia	2011 World Rally Championship season
sport	Prime Doleshwar Sporting Club is a team that plays List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier League.	Prime Doleshwar Sporting Club	cricket
sport	The 1996 Danamon Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Gelora Senayan Stadium in Jakarta in Indonesia and was part of Tier III of the 1996 WTA Tour.	1996 Danamon Open	tennis
sport	Silkeborg-Hallerne is a complex of indoor sports arenas in Silkeborg, Denmark used for several sports, but primarily handball.	Silkeborg-Hallerne	handball
sport	On October 3, 1951, after watching the New York Giants defeat the Brooklyn Dodgers to win the National League Pennant on a tiny little black and white TV, Ed Lucas, who was just twelve years old, went out to play baseball with his friends.	Ed Lucas	baseball
sport	Mario Ledesma Arocena (born 17 May 1973 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine rugby union football coach and a former professional player.	Mario Ledesma	rugby union
sport	The Royal Moroccan Athletics Federation (Fédération Royale Marocaine d’Athlétisme, FRMA) is Morocco's governing body for the sport of athletics.	Royal Moroccan Athletics Federation	sport of athletics
sport	AMSL Fréjus Volleyball (Association municipale des sports et loisirs de Fréjus volley-ball) is a French volleyball club, section of the AMSL Fréjus multi-sports club, which now plays in the fourth division, but in its history has several national titles.	AMSL Fréjus Volleyball	volleyball
sport	Mohammad Fanaei (born 23 December 1951 in Tehran, Iran) is a former Iranian association football (soccer) referee.	Mohammad Fanaei	association football
sport	Nonito Donaire vs. Guillermo Rigondeaux was a professional boxing match fought in the super bantamweight division.	Nonito Donaire vs. Guillermo Rigondeaux	boxing
sport	The 1998 Sydney International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the NSW Tennis Centre in Sydney in Australia that was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Sydney International	tennis	tennis
sport	FSV Braunfels is a German association football club established in 1918 in Braunfels, Hesse.	FSV Braunfels	association football
sport	The 2011 ITU Sprint Distance Triathlon World Championships was a triathlon race organised by the International Triathlon Union (ITU) held in Lausanne, Switzerland on August 20.	2011 ITU Sprint Distance Triathlon World Championships	triathlon
sport	The Chess'n Math Association (or Chess and Math Association) is a non-profit organization dedicated to bringing chess into Canadian schools.	Chess'n Math Association	chess
sport	SK Horácká Slavia Třebíč is an ice hockey team in Třebíč, Czech Republic.	SK Horácká Slavia Třebíč	ice hockey
sport	William Hopoate also known as Viliami in Tonga (born 9 May 1992) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in the National Rugby League.	William Hopoate	rugby league
sport	The Eurobowl is both the final game and the trophy of the BIG6 European Football League (BIG6), a European American football contest.	Eurobowl	American football
sport	Sensible Soccer, often affectionately known as Sensi, is an association football video game series which was highly popular in the early 1990s and which still retains a cult following.	Sensible Soccer	association football
sport	Tadas Sedekerskis (born January 17, 1998) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for Peñas Huesca of LEB Oro out on loan from Laboral Kutxa Baskonia of Liga ACB.	Tadas Sedekerskis	basketball
sport	Chantal de Bruijn (born February 13, 1976 in Schoonhoven) is a Dutch field hockey defender who has played for Dutch clubs Shinty, SV Kampong and Amsterdam.	Chantal de Bruijn	field hockey
sport	The 1997 Danamon Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Gelora Senayan Stadium in Jakarta in Indonesia and was part of Tier IV of the 1997 WTA Tour.	1997 Danamon Open	tennis
sport	Mitch Unrein (born March 25, 1987) is an American football defensive end and Goaline Fullback for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL).	Mitch Unrein	American football
sport	The Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol (English: Portuguese Basketball League) is the top men's basketball league in Portugal.	Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol	basketball
sport	Nolan Richardson, Jr. (born December 27, 1941) is an American basketball head coach best known for his tenure at the University of Arkansas, where he won the 1994 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.	Nolan Richardson	basketball
sport	The 1988 WTA German Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Rot-Weiss Tennis Club in West Berlin and was part of Tier I of the 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 WTA German Open	tennis
sport	Jordy Hultberg, a former LSU basketball player (1976--80) and assistant basketball coach under Dale Brown (1980--83), is the sideline reporter for the LSU Sports Radio Network as well as the New Orleans Hornets on Cox Sports Television.	Jordy Hultberg	basketball
sport	Orla Hermann Krause (3 November 1867 -- 28 September 1935) was a Danish chess master and analyst.	Orla Hermann Krause	chess
sport	Jacob Aagaard (born 31 July 1973) is a Danish-born Scottish chess grandmaster and the 2007 British Chess Champion.	Jacob Aagaard	chess
sport	Taffin Khan is a Guyanese chess player of Indian descent.	Taffin Khan	chess
sport	Stephen Oziegebe Ojomoh, known as Steve Ojomoh (born Benin City, 25 May 1970), is a Nigerian-born English former rugby union footballer and a current coach.	Steve Ojomoh	rugby union
sport	The San Francisco Giants are a professional baseball team based in San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Giants	baseball
sport	Alles Door Oefening Den Haag (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑləs doːr ˈufənɪŋ dɛn ˈɦaːx)), commonly known by the abbreviated name ADO Den Haag (ˈaːdoː dɛn ˈɦaːx), is a Dutch (association football) club from the city of The Hague.	ADO Den Haag	association football
sport	Cory Bradford (born December 4, 1978) was a former high school, college, and professional basketball player.	Cory Bradford	basketball
sport	Mirko Novosel (born June 30, 1938 in Zagreb, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a retired Croatian basketball player, referee and coach.	Mirko Novosel	basketball
sport	The Cup of China is one of the series of six senior-level, international figure skating competitions held as part of the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating.	Cup of China	figure skating
sport	Joe Stanley (born 13 April 1957) is a former rugby union player.	Joe Stanley	rugby union
sport	The Central Coast Centurions were an Australian rugby league football club (previously known as the Rip or Storm) based in the Central Coast region in New South Wales.	Central Coast Centurions	rugby league
sport	Mathieu Darche (born November 26, 1976) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for several AHL and NHL clubs.	Mathieu Darche	ice hockey
sport	The Beauce Jaros were a minor professional ice hockey team from Saint-Georges, Quebec, located in the ``Beauce'' region of the province.	Beauce Jaros	ice hockey
sport	The 1987 PBA All-Filipino Conference Finals was the best-of-5 basketball championship series of the 1987 PBA All-Filipino Conference, and the conclusion of the conference playoffs.	1987 PBA All-Filipino Conference Finals	basketball
sport	The 1989 Singapore Open (known as Epson Singapore Super Tennis for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the National Stadium in Singapore and was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix.	1989 Singapore Open	tennis
sport	Jørgen Møller (sometimes Jorgen Moeller or Jörgen Möller) (4 November 1873 -- 20 November 1944) was a Danish chess master.	Jørgen Møller	chess
sport	Lene Rantala (born August 10, 1968 in Copenhagen) is a Danish team handball player, currently playing for the Norwegian club Larvik HK.	Lene Rantala	handball
sport	Surrey County Cricket Club in 2005 are playing their cricket in the First Division of the County Championship and the Second Division of the totesport League.	Surrey County Cricket Club in 2005	cricket
sport	La Plata Rugby Club is a rugby union club from the city of La Plata in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	La Plata Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The 2012 Women's Baseball World Cup was an international baseball competition being held in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada from August 10 to August 19, 2012.	2012 Women's Baseball World Cup	baseball
sport	The 1969 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on January 14, 1969, at the Baltimore Civic Center in Baltimore, Maryland.	1969 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	The Oval, currently known for sponsorship reasons as the Kia Oval, is an international cricket ground at Kennington, in the London Borough of Lambeth, South London.	The Oval	cricket
sport	Treaty City Titans are an Irish semi-professional rugby league team based in Limerick, Ireland.	Treaty City Titans	rugby league
sport	Athinaikos H.C. is a Greek handball club based in Vyronas, Athens.	Athinaikos H.C.	handball
sport	Nicole Bradtke (née Provis) (born 22 September 1969) is a retired professional tennis player from Australia.	Nicole Bradtke	tennis
spouse	Sophia of Minsk (or Sophia of Polotsk) (c. 1140 -- 5 May 1198) was a Danish medieval queen consort as the spouse of King Valdemar I of Denmark, and later a landgravine of Thuringia.	Sophia of Minsk	Valdemar I of Denmark
spouse	Eärendil later became the leader of the people who lived there, and married Elwing, daughter of Dior the son of Beren and Lúthien.	Eärendil	Elwing
spouse	April Cantelo married the conductor Colin Davis in 1949.	April Cantelo	Colin Davis
spouse	Papia of Envermeu, also called Poppa of Envermeu, was the second consort of Richard II, Duke of Normandy.	Papia of Envermeu	Richard II, Duke of Normandy
spouse	Stella Richman married three times; her first husband was the actor Alec Clunes.	Stella Richman	Alec Clunes
spouse	Hedvig Mörner af Morlanda (1672--1753), was a Swedish courtier and countess, married to riksråd count Claes Ekeblad the Elder.	Hedvig Mörner	Claes Ekeblad the Elder
spouse	Joan Mondale (née Adams; August 8, 1930 -- February 3, 2014) was Second Lady of the United States from 1977 until 1981 as the wife of Walter Mondale, the 42nd Vice President of the United States.	Joan Mondale	Walter Mondale
spouse	Alvin Rakoff married his frequent leading lady, actress Jacqueline Hill in 1958.	Alvin Rakoff	Jacqueline Hill
spouse	Jackie Autry, (born Jacqueline Evelyn Ellam October 2, 1941 in Newark, New Jersey, US) is the former owner of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and widow of singer, actor and businessman Gene Autry.	Jackie Autry	Gene Autry
spouse	Lien Fang Yu (traditional Chinese: 連方瑀; simplified Chinese: 连方瑀; pinyin: Lián Fāng Yǔ) born April 14, 1943 in Chongqing as Fang Yu (Chinese: 方瑀; pinyin: Fāng Yǔ), is the wife of Lien Chan, the Chairman of Taiwan's Kuomintang party from 2000 to 2005.	Lien Fang Yu	Lien Chan
voice type	Hugh Talbot (c. 1845 -- 31 October 1899) was an Irish tenor and actor best known for creating, to universally bad reviews, the role of Frederic in the Gilbert and Sullivan hit The Pirates of Penzance in the New York production.	Hugh Talbot	tenor
voice type	Gail Varina Gilmore (born September 21, 1950 in Washington, D.C.) is an African-American Gospel, jazz and (mezzo-soprano) opera singer.	Gail Varina Gilmore	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Marina Domashenko (Russian: Марина Домашенко) is a Russian operatic mezzo-soprano.	Marina Domashenko	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Patricia Leonard (9 March 1936 -- 28 January 2010) was an English opera singer, best known for her performances in mezzo-soprano and contralto roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Patricia Leonard	mezzo-soprano	contralto
voice type	Alois Pernerstorfer (3 June 1912, Vienna -- 12 May 1978, Vienna) was an Austrian bass-baritone He began his training in 1933 at the Wiener Musikhochschule with Theo Lierhammer and Josef Krips and made his opera debut in 1936 in Graz singing the role of Biterolf in Tannhäuser.	Alois Pernerstorfer	bass
voice type	María Cristina Kiehr (born in Tandil, Argentina) is a soprano vocalist associated with Baroque music.	María Cristina Kiehr	soprano
voice type	Rosa Raisa (30 May 1893 -- 28 September 1963) was a Polish-born and Italian-trained Russian-Jewish dramatic operatic soprano who became a naturalized American.	Rosa Raisa	soprano
voice type	Renata Scotto (born 24 February 1934) is an Italian soprano and opera director.	Renata Scotto	soprano
voice type	Marie Cabel (31 January 1827 -- 23 May 1885) was a Belgian coloratura soprano.	Marie Cabel	soprano
voice type	Elsa Stralia (1 March 1881 -- 31 August 1945) was an Australian soprano with an international reputation in Europe and America.	Elsa Stralia	soprano
voice type	Teresa De Giuli Borsi, born Maria Teresa Pippeo, (26 October 1817 -- 18 November 1877) was an Italian opera singer who excelled in the dramatic soprano repertoire of the mid-19th century.	Teresa De Giuli Borsi	soprano
voice type	Shirley Love (born January 6, 1940) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano.	Shirley Love	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Ottilie Metzger-Lattermann also formerly Ottilie Metzger-Froitzheim (15 July 1878 -- February 1943) was a German contralto who was a famous performer of works by Wagner during the 1910s, and who after her retirement was murdered in Auschwitz.	Ottilie Metzger-Lattermann	contralto
voice type	Ilona Jokinen (b. 1981 Lahti, Finland) is a Finnish soprano opera singer.	Ilona Jokinen	soprano
voice type	Angela Meade (born 1977) is an award winning American operatic soprano who is particularly associated with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City.	Angela Meade	soprano
voice type	Alice Nielsen (June 7, 1872 -- March 8, 1943) was a Broadway performer and operatic soprano who had her own opera company and starred in several Victor Herbert operettas.	Alice Nielsen	soprano
voice type	Lucrezia Bori (24 December 1887 -- 14 May 1960) was a Spanish operatic singer, a lyric soprano and a tireless and effective fundraiser for the Metropolitan Opera.	Lucrezia Bori	soprano
voice type	Richard Kubla (11 February 1890 -- 9 July 1964) was a Czech tenor who had an active international career in operas, concerts, and recitals from 1910-1945.	Richard Kubla	tenor
voice type	Giannina Russ (27 March 1873, Lodi -- 28 February 1951, Milan) was an Italian operatic soprano, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.	Giannina Russ	soprano
voice type	Amarilli Nizza (born January 4, 1971 in Milan ) is an Italian operatic soprano.	Amarilli Nizza	soprano
voice type	Giulio Gari (September 9, 1909 - April 15, 1994) was a versatile and internationally known tenor who performed on both the opera and concert stages.	Giulio Gari	tenor
voice type	Walther Ludwig (17 March 1902, Bad Oeynhausen -- 15 May 1981, Lahr) was a German operatic lyric tenor, particularly associated with Mozart roles and Schubert lieder.	Walther Ludwig	tenor
voice type	Robin Miriam Carlsson (born 12 June 1979), known as Robyn, is a Swedish soprano vocalist.	Robyn	soprano
voice type	Stella Roman (23 August 1904 - 12 February 1992) was a Romanian operatic soprano whose career brought her leading roles in Italy and the United States.	Stella Roman	soprano
voice type	Marcus Ullmann (born 1967 in Dresden) is a German classical tenor.	Marcus Ullmann	tenor
voice type	Marquita Lister (born 24 April 1961) is an American operatic soprano.	Marquita Lister	soprano
voice type	Björk has a soprano vocal range, which has been described as both ``elastic'' and ``somersaulting'' in quality as well as having been praised for her scatting ability, unique vocal stylings and delivery.	Björk	soprano
voice type	Teodor Ilincăi (born in Mălini, Suceava County) is a Romanian opera tenor.	Teodor Ilincăi	tenor
voice type	Karin Branzell (24 September 1891 -- 15 December 1974) was a Swedish operatic contralto (sometimes described as a mezzo-soprano), who had a prominent career at the Metropolitan Opera, New York, and in Europe.	Karin Branzell	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Nico Castel (August 1, 1931 -- May 31, 2015), born Naftali Chaim Castel Kalinhoff, was a comprimario tenor and well-known language and diction coach, as well as a prolific translator of libretti and writer of books on singing diction.	Nico Castel	tenor
voice type	Aluna Sagita Gutawa (born 11 August 1993 in Jakarta), better known as Gita Gutawa, is an Indonesian soprano, actress, and songwriter.	Gita Gutawa	soprano
voice type	Marilyn Cotlow (born January 10, 1924) is an American lyric coloratura soprano best remembered for originating the role of Lucy in Gian Carlo Menotti's The Telephone.	Marilyn Cotlow	soprano
voice type	Olaf Bär (born December 19, 1957 in Dresden) is a German operatic baritone.	Olaf Bär	baritone
voice type	Ann Drummond-Grant (1905 -- 11 September 1959) was a British singer and actress, best known for her performances in contralto roles of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Ann Drummond-Grant	contralto
voice type	Anna Prohaska (Neu-Ulm, 1983 ) is an Austrian coloratura soprano.	Anna Prohaska	soprano
voice type	Suzanna Guzmán (born in East Los Angeles, California) is an American mezzo-soprano and television host.	Suzanna Guzmán	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Rachele Gilmore is an American coloratura soprano born in Atlanta.	Rachele Gilmore	soprano
voice type	Marcel Journet (July 25, 1868 -- September 7, 1933), was a French, bass, operatic singer.	Marcel Journet	bass
voice type	Célestine Galli-Marié (November 1840 -- 22 September 1905) was a French mezzo-soprano who is most famous for creating the title role in the opera Carmen.	Célestine Galli-Marié	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Carlton Gauld (before 1931 -- after 1960) was an American operatic bass who had a prolific career during the 1930s through the 1960s.	Carlton Gauld	bass
voice type	Josef Traxel (29 September 1916 in Mainz -- 8 October 1975 in Stuttgart) was a German operatic tenor, particularly associated with Mozart roles and the German repertory.	Josef Traxel	tenor
voice type	Lucia Valentini Terrani (29 August 1946 in Padua -- 11 June 1998 in Seattle) was an Italian coloratura mezzo-soprano, particularly associated with Rossini roles.	Lucia Valentini Terrani	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Gloria Banditelli (Assisi, 16 February 1954) is an Italian mezzo-soprano.	Gloria Banditelli	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Jean Giraudeau (1 July 1916 in Toulon -- 7 February 1995), was a French tenor, and later theatre director, particularly associated with the Opéra-Comique in Paris, and described in Grove as having a ``lyrical voice'' as well as being ``a superb character actor''.	Jean Giraudeau	tenor
voice type	Paul Ukena (August 19, 1921, Lakota, Iowa - March 10, 1991, Mount Vernon, New York) was an American operatic baritone who had an active career during the 1950s through the 1970s.	Paul Ukena	baritone
voice type	Licia Albanese (July 22, 1909 -- August 15, 2014) was an Italian-born American operatic soprano.	Licia Albanese	soprano
voice type	Gianna D'Angelo (18 November 1929 - 27 December 2013) was an American coloratura soprano, primarily active in the 1950s and 1960s.	Gianna D'Angelo	soprano
voice type	Juliette Pochin is a Welsh classically trained mezzo-soprano singer, composer/arranger, and record producer.	Juliette Pochin	mezzo-soprano
voice type	María Georgina Quitral Espinoza, commonly known as Rayén Quitral (7 November 1916 -- 20 October 1979), was a Chilean soprano of Mapuche-Picunche origin.	Rayén Quitral	soprano
voice type	Luise Willer (1888--1970) was a German operatic contralto.	Luise Willer	contralto
