Herbert Menges was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1963 .
Oleh Krysa ( Ukrainian : Олег Криса ; born June 1 , 1942 ) is a Ukrainian American violinist , Merited Artist of Ukraine .
They Killed Sister Dorothy is a 2008 documentary film about American - born Brazilian nun Dorothy Stang , who was murdered on February 12 , 2005 , in Anapu , a city located in the Amazon Rainforest .
Prothom Kadam Phool ( Bengali : প্রথম কদম ফুল ) is a 1969 Bengali film directed by Inder Sen. It stars Tanuja and Soumitra Chatterjee in the lead .
Private James Pym ( 1852 -- November 29 , 1893 ) was a British - born soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 7th U.S. Cavalry during the Great Sioux War of 1876 - 77 .
Leutnant Helmut Dilthey IC ( 9 February 1894 - 9 July 1918 ) was a German pilot who became a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories .
Wilburn Chandler Hamilton was a veteran of World War II who decided in 1957 to settle on the island of Saipan .
Robert Martin Patterson ( born April 16 , 1948 ) is a retired United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Vietnam War .
Edwin T. Woodward ( March 8 , 1843 -- February 22 , 1894 ) , was a naval officer during and after the American Civil War .
George Dashiell Bayard ( December 18 , 1835 -- December 14 , 1862 ) was a career soldier in the United States Army and a general in the Union Army in the American Civil War .
The T-26 was the most important tank of the Spanish Civil War and played a significant role during the Battle of Lake Khasan in 1938 as well as in the Winter War in 1939 - -40 .
General Edward Braddock ( January 1695 -- 13 July 1755 ) was a British officer and commander - in - chief for the 13 colonies during the actions at the start of the French and Indian War ( 1754 - -1765 ) which is also known in Europe as the Seven Years ' War ( 1756 - -1763 ) .
Hermann Lichtenberger ( 20 August 1892 -- 15 January 1959 ) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Luftwaffe during World War II who commanded the Flak - Brigade IV . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Max Immelmann ( 21 September 1890 -- 18 June 1916 ) PLM was the first German World War I flying ace .
Sergeant Thomas Frederick Stephenson DCM ( 1894 -- 20 November 1917 ) was a British World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories .
Arnaldo Mussolini , like his brother Benito Mussolini , took part in World War I , attaining the rank of lieutenant , and in 1919 after the war 's end , he moved to Milan .
Flight Sergeant Frank Sumner , was a British RAF air gunner during World War II and flew combat missions during the Battle of Britain .
Jean Pierre François Bonet , Count of Bonet ( born 8 August 1768 in Alençon ; † 23 November 1857 Alençon ) was a French military commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars .
Wing Commander Douglas Arthur Davies DFC ( 12 January 1896 -- 1992 ) was an officer of the British Royal Air Force , who was credited with 10 aerial victories in World War I , and also served during World War II .
Ferdinand , Graf Bubna von Littitz ( 26 November 1768 -- 5 June 1825 ) was a Major - General ( Feldmarschalleutnant ) of Imperial Austrian Army during the Napoleonic Wars and also an Austrian Privy Councillor .
Lieutenant James Alfred Keating was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories , including four triumphs during a running battle on 9 August 1918 .
Philippe de Culant ( 1413 -- December 1454 ) was a French nobleman and soldier of the Hundred Years ' War .
John Lorimer Worden ( March 12 , 1818 -- October 19 , 1897 ) was a U.S. Navy officer in the American Civil War , who took part in the Battle of Hampton Roads , the first - ever engagement between ironclad steamships at Hampton Roads , Virginia , on 9 March 1862 .
Moses Orr ( 1847 -- May 10 , 1897 ) was an Irish - born soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 1st U.S. Cavalry during the Apache Wars .
Robert Strahan ( born 21 March 1838 ) was an American sailor who received the Medal of Honor for valor in action during the American Civil War .
Karl - Wilhelm von Schlieben ( 30 October 1894 -- 18 June 1964 ) was a German officer in World War I and World War II .
Juan Guilloto León , usually referred to as Modesto or Juan Modesto , ( 1906 -- 1969 ) was a Republican army officer during the Spanish Civil War .
Konstantinos Kallaris ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Καλλάρης , 1858 - -1940 ) was a senior Greek Army officer who distinguished himself in the Balkan Wars of 1912 - -1913 .
The M1917 bayonet was used first during World War I by American soldiers on the Western Front .
Vice Admiral Phillips Cosby ( 1729 - -1808 ) was a Royal Navy officer who fought in the American Revolutionary War .
Edgar Jadwin , C.E. ( August 7 , 1865 -- March 2 , 1931 ) was a U.S. Army officer who fought in the Spanish-- American War and World War I , before serving as Chief of Engineers from 1926 to 1929 .
James Takemori ( February 3 , 1926 -- May 15 , 2015 ) was an American judoka and World War II veteran .
Hans Teusen ( 26 July 1917 -- 11 February 2011 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and a Generalmajor in the Bundeswehr .
General George Wesley Griner , Jr. ( 1895 - 1975 ) was an American soldier who as Major General commanded the 27th Division in the Battle of Saipan ( from 10:30 on 28 June 1944 ) .
Henry Burbeck ( June 10 , 1754 - -October 2 , 1848 ) was a long - time artillery officer in the United States Army who served from the early days of the American Revolutionary War through the War of 1812 .
Günther Müller - Stöckheim ( 17 December 1913 in Klein Stöckheim , district of Braunschweig -- 16 July 1943 in the Atlantic Ocean ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Pierre - Joseph Habert ( 22 December 1773 -- 19 May 1825 ) enlisted in the French army at the beginning of the French Revolutionary Wars and led a division during the Napoleonic Wars .
Daniel Woodall was an American Union army officer during the period of the American Civil War .
Baron Eberhardt Otto George von Bock ( died 1814 ) , was a Hanoverian born major - general in the British army during the Napoleonic Wars .
Raup Miller served as California State Assemblyman for the 28th District and during World War II he served in the United States Coast Guard .
General Baron Hugh Halkett , GCH , CB , ( 30 August 1783 Musselburgh ; 26 July 1863 in Hanover , Germany ) was a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars and later a general of infantry in the Hanoverian service .
Jerónimo Siller Gómez ( San Pedro Garza García , Nuevo León ; September 30 , 1880 - Monterrey , Nuevo León ; March 14 , 1962 ) was an inventor , politician and Mexican military man who participated in the Mexican Revolution .
HD 27894 is a 9th magnitude star located approximately 138 light years away in the constellation of Reticulum .
Ross 614 ( V577 Monocerotis ) is a red dwarf UV Cetiflare star and it is the primary member of a nearby binary star system in the constellation of Monoceros .
The Apolobamba Integrated Management Natural Area ( Área Natural de Manejo Integrado Apolobamba ) is a protected area in the La Paz Department , Bolivia , situated in the Bautista Saavedra , Franz Tamayo and Larecaja provinces .
The Valley of the Statues is a valley in the Andean Region of Colombia , containing more than 500 statues of unknown origin .
Coronation Glacier is a glacier on southeastern Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Arraia - Maeztu ( Spanish : Arraya - Maestu ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava , in the Basque Country , northern Spain .
The historic range of Setomaa is located on territories of present - day Estonia and Russia .
Kupise ( kuˈpisɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bralos ( Greek : Μπράλος ) is a town in Phthiotis , Greece .
Zamalka ( Arabic : زملكا‎ ) is a suburb of Damascus in Syria , located 3.5 kilometers ( 2.2 mi ) east - northeast of Old Damascus .
Moonee Colliery was a coal mine located at Catherine Hill Bay , New South Wales , Australia .
The St. Gallen Symposium , formerly known as the Internationales Management Symposium and the ISC - Symposium , is an annual conference taking place at the University of St. Gallen in St. Gallen , Switzerland , aimed at fostering intergenerational and intercultural dialogue between the decision makers of today and tomorrow .
Mizo National Front ( MNF ) is a regional political party in Mizoram , India .
The Agly River ( Catalan : Aglí , Occitan : Aglin)is a river of southwestern France .
Rodeløkka is a neighborhood in Grünerløkka in Oslo , Norway .
Hospital Universitario de Canarias or University Hospital of the Canary Islands is an advanced hospital in Tenerife ( Canary Islands , Spain ) .
Vidya Jyothi Institute of Technology ( VJIT ) is a college in Hyderabad , India , established in 1999 by A.P. Jithender Reddy and V. Purushottam Reddy .
Zakriž ( pronounced ( zaˈkɾiːʃ ) ) is a settlement northwest of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Brampton Centennial Secondary School shooting was a school shooting that occurred at Brampton Centennial Secondary School in Brampton , Ontario , Canada on Wednesday May 28 , 1975 at 11:35 a.m. The incident began when 16-year - old Michael Slobodian brought two rifles to school in a guitar case .
Nymanbolagen ( aka Nymans AB or just Nymans ) was a Swedish bicycle , moped , and motorcycle manufacturing company in Uppsala , Sweden .
Dhoondigan is an administrative division of Fuvahmulah , Maldives .
Umeå University Library is one of the seven libraries in Sweden that by law is directly supplied by printers in Sweden with one copy of every book printed ( `` pliktbibliotek '' ) .
Mazraeh - ye Barani ( Persian : مزرعه باراني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bārānī ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 252 , in 54 families .
Qaleh - ye Kartilabad ( Persian : قلعه كرتيل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Kartīlābād ; also known as Ghal''eh Kartil Abad ) is a village in Haram Rud - e Sofla Rural District , Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Nameh Shir ( Persian : نمه شير‎‎ , also Romanized as Nameh Shīr ; also known as Namashīr and Namshīr ) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Santalla de Rei is a parish in the municipality of A Pobra do Brollón , in the Province of Lugo in Galicia , region of north - west Spain .
Montmaneu ( Catalan pronunciation : ( mumːəˈnɛw ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Anoia in Catalonia , Spain .
Sjuøyane ( English : Seven Islands ) is the northernmost part of the Svalbard archipelago north of Norway , and some 20 km north of Nordaustlandet .
Lake Khasan or Lake Hassan ( Russian : озеро Хасан ; Chinese : 哈桑湖 ; pinyin : Hāsāng Hú ) is a small lake in Khasansky District , Primorsky Krai of Russia , located southeast of Posyet Bay , on the border with North Korea and China , 130 km southwest of Vladivostok .
Pontoetoe is a village in the Sipaliwini District of Suriname , situated on the banks of the Tapanahony River .
Wopławki ( vɔˈpwafki ) ( German Woplauken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lyrkeia ( Greek : Λυρκεία ) is a village and a former municipality in Argolis , Peloponnese , Greece .
Glasin is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district , Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
Hanö is an island off Listerlandet peninsula , western Blekinge , Sweden .
Goli otok ( pronounced ( ɡôliː ǒtok ) ; meaning `` barren island '' , literally : `` naked island '' ; Italian : Isola Calva ) is a barren , uninhabited island that was the site of a political prison in use when Croatia was part of Yugoslavia .
Ploug House ( Danish Plougs Gård ) ) is a listed Neoclassical property on the corner of Højbro Plads and Ved Stranden in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Nobel / Sawdust Bay Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNT2 ) , is located 2.1 nautical miles ( 3.9 km ; 2.4 mi ) southwest of Nobel , Ontario , Canada .
Böda socken is a former socken of Åkerbo Hundred on Öland , Sweden .
US Mondorf - les - Bains is a football club , based in Mondorf - les - Bains , in south - eastern Luxembourg .
Auce Castle is a castle in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
Shoghakn ( Armenian : Շողակն ) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Khun Phawo National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติขุนพะวอ ) is a national park in the Mae Ramat District , Tak Province , Thailand .
Spjelkavik Church ( Norwegian : Spjelkavik kyrkje ) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Ahobiryong Mountains are a mountain range stretching from north to south in central North Korea .
Seini ( German : Leuchtenburg ; Hungarian : Szinérváralja ) is a town in Maramureş County , northern Transylvania , Romania .
Patkhor Peak ( also Patkhur , Tajik : Паххор ) is a mountain in Tajikistan 's Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province .
Wierzbka ( ˈvjɛʂpka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Lekh Castle ( Azerbaijani : Löh qalası ) , sometimes named Lev Castle is located west of the abandoned Qanlıkənd village of Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Causse Méjean is a limestone plateau in the Lozère department , in southern France .
The Gimli Glider is the nickname of an Air Canada aircraft that was involved in an unusual aviation incident .
Akramabad - e Kianpur ( Persian : اكرم ابادكيانپور‎ , also Romanized as Akramābād - e Kīānpūr ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Freemans Bay is the name of a former bay and now inner city suburb of Auckland , in the North Island of New Zealand .
Dowshi or Dushi is a town and seat of Dushi District in Baghlan Province in north - eastern Afghanistan .
L'Albagés ( pronounced : ( ɫəɫbəˈʒes ) ) is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
The National Union of Plantation Workers ( NUPW ) is the largest union in Malaysia and one of the largest in Asia .
Abbas - e Aliabad ( Persian : عباسعلي اباد‎ , also Romanized as ʿAbbās - e ʿAlīābād ) is a village in Dasht - e Zarrin Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
In May 2009 , Esquel twinned with Aberystwyth in Wales ; with representatives of the Welsh town traveling to Argentina to participate in the signing of a charter formalising the link .
Likewise , it is expected that Pontevedra will benefit from the high - speed train connecting Galicia and central Spain .
Lal Bangla are two imperial late - Mughal mausoleums located in Delhi , India , that are that protected monument under the Archaeological Survey of India .
Cheiron Studios was a recording studio located on Kungsholmen , Stockholm , Sweden , founded in 1992 by Denniz PoP and Tom Talomaa , most famous for producing popular music acts of the late 1990s , such as Backstreet Boys , Robyn , Boyzone , NSYNC , and Britney Spears .
Millerhof ( Russian : Миллергоф ) is a folk name of a residence - style palace built on the Istra Reservoir near Berezhki village , Moscow Region , Russia .
The Autovía CA-34 is an autovía in the province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain , providing a link between the Autovía A-7 and Gibraltar .
Chania Power Station is a natural gas power plant located in Chania on Crete island , Greece .
Carrigagulla is a megalithic complex 2.9 km north - east of Ballinagree , County Cork , Ireland .
Leverano is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the southeastern part of the Apulia region of south - east Italy .
Abish Ahmad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آبش احمد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Damtshaa diamond mine is a diamond mine located in Botswana about 220 kilometers ( 140 mi ) west of the city of Francistown .
The Sengkang Hockey Stadium serves the residents of Sengkang , a new suburb in the north - eastern part of Singapore .
On July 16 , 2012 , in time of its parochial feast day , San Salvador del Mundo Church was declared a national historical site by the National Historical Commission of the Philippines ( NHCP ) .
Hålogaland Bridge ( Norwegian : Hålogalandsbrua ) is a suspension bridge under construction which will cross the Rombaksfjorden in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
The Aspropyrgos Refinery is an oil refining complex located near Aspropyrgos , a suburb of Athens , in Greece .
Sanlúcar de Guadiana is a localidad in the province of Huelva , Andalusia , Spain , situated 55 km from the city of Huelva .
Meghradzor ( Armenian : Մեղրաձոր ) , meaning , valley of honey ; formerly known as Taycharukh ) , is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia , 15 kilometers northwest of Hrazdan .
Plasy ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈplasɪ ) ; German : Plass ) is a small town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Schloss Weimar is a Schloss ( palace ) in Weimar , Thuringia , Germany .
The Scottish Labour Party ( Scottish Gaelic : Pàrtaidh Làbarach na h - Alba , Scots : Scots Labour Pairty ; branded Scottish Labour ) is the section of the Labour Party which operates in Scotland .
The Concordat of 1940 was an agreement between Portugal and the Holy See of the Catholic Church signed in Vatican City on 7 May 1940 under António de Oliveira Salazar´s Estado Novo .
The Udi - Nsukka Plateau is a pair of nearly connected plateaus located in south central Nigeria .
Fiduyeh ( Persian : فيدويه‎ , also Romanized as Fīdūyeh ; also known as Fadooyeh ) is a village in Baghan Rural District , Mahmeleh District , Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sri Aurobindo 's Rourkela School ( A Unit of Sri Aurobindo Yoga Mandir ) is a school located in Sector-5 , Rourkela - 769002 , Odisha , India .
Al - Jiza ( Arabic : الجيزة‎ , also spelled el - Jeza ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Daraa Governorate , located east of Daraa .
Ambalappuzha is a small town in the Alappuzha district of Kerala state , south India .
The Endeavour Strait is a strait running between the Australian mainland Cape York Peninsula and Prince of Wales Island in the extreme south of the Torres Strait , in northern Queensland , Australia .
Shah Khail Garhi is the name of village located in the historical city Mansehra of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Émerainville ( pronounced : ( emʁɛ̃vil ) ) is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne département in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Kvernesfjorden or Kvernesfjord is a fjord between the municipalities of Gjemnes , Kristiansund , Averøy , and Eide in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Sukkur , formerly Aror ( ərōr ) ( Sindhi : اروڙ‎ , Urdu : اروڑ ) and Bakhar , is the 14th largest city of Pakistan and third largest city of Sindh province , situated on the west bank of Indus River in Pakistan in Sukkur District .
Sainte - Croix - sur - Mer Airfield is a former World War II airfield , located 1 km northwest of Sainte - Croix - sur - Mer in the Basse - Normandie region , France .
Hagley Gap is a settlement in Saint Thomas parish in southeastern Jamaica .
Kritsa Gorge ( Greek Φαράγγι Κριτσάς ( fa'ragi kri'tsas ) ) is a narrow gorge not far from the town of Kritsa , in Crete , Greece , west of Agios Nikolaos .
Croke Park ( Irish : Páirc an Chrócaigh , IPA : ( ˈpaːɾʲc ən̪ˠ ˈxɾˠoːkˠə ) ) is a GAA stadium located in Dublin , Ireland .
Koodal is a village in Pathanamthitta District , located in Kerala state , India .
Koške Poljane ( pronounced ( ˈkoːʃkɛ pɔˈljaːnɛ ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
Gornje Vrbno ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горње Врбно ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Canton of Betton is a canton of France , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département .
Baro Kunda is a town in central - southern Gambia .
Pomare is an unofficial suburb of Lower Hutt City , New Zealand .
The Adelaide Film Festival ( AFF ) is a biennial international film festival held over two weeks in mid October , in Adelaide , South Australia .
Miesbach is a town in Bavaria , Germany , and is the capital of the Miesbach district .
Golden Ears Provincial Park is a Provincial Park in British Columbia , Canada at 555.9 km² .
Dhebar Lake ( also known as Jaisamand Lake ) is Asia 's second - largest artificial lake ( is considered largest now , since the Upper lake in Bhopal , India 's largest artificial lake in Asia , but is almost dried up due to lack of rainfall ) .
Chichakli ( Armenian : Չիչակլի ) ; formerly known as Kizilvank , is an abandoned village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia , located near the village of Makenis .
The Zabarwan Range is a short ( 20 mi ( 32 km ) long ) sub - mountain range of the Zanskar Range in the central part of the Kashmir Valley in the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India .
THSR Hsinchu Station ( Chinese : 高鐵新竹站 ; pinyin : Gāotiě Xīnzhú Zhàn ) is an elevated station of Taiwan High Speed Rail located in Zhubei , Hsinchu County , Taiwan .
Pichlinger See is a lake of Upper Austria .
Aspahi Kola ( Persian : اسپاهيكلا‎ , also Romanized as Aspāhī Kolā ; also known as Esbāykolā ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lake Johnson is a small lake near the suburb of Frankton in Queenstown in the South Island of New Zealand .
The Stadio Rino Mercante is a multi - use sports stadium in Bassano del Grappa , Italy .
Nizhyn Gogol State University ( Ukrainian : Ніжинський державний університет ім. Миколи Гоголя ) is an academic institution in Ukraine , located in Nizhyn , Chernihiv Oblast .
Horodniany ( xɔrɔdˈɲanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Piazzetta dei Leoncini is a city square in Venice , Italy .
Shahverdi ( Persian : شاه وردي‎ , also Romanized as Shāhverdī ; also known as Qeshlāq , Qeshlāq - e Shāhverdī , Qeshlāq - e Shāverdī , Qishlāq , and Shāverdī ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chelyabinsk Metro ( Russian : Челябинский метрополитен , Chelyabinskiy metropoliten ) is an underground rapid transit system being constructed in Chelyabinsk , Russia .
WD & HO Wills Holdings Limited is an Australian tobacco manufacturer controlled by BAT Australia Pty Ltd. , a wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco PLC . Its cigarette brands include :
Durankulak ( Bulgarian : Дуранкулак ) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria , part of Shabla Municipality , Dobrich Province .
Diakonissestiftelsen is a large site in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen , Denmark , owned by the Danish Deaconess Community and used for various social and healthcare - related activities , including a home for the elderly and training of nurses .
Jaghdan ( Persian : جغدان‎ , also Romanized as Jaghdān and Joghdan ; also known as Jaqdān ) is a village in Naghan Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Souani ( Arabic : السواني‎ ) is a town and commune in Tlemcen Province in north - western Algeria .
The Church of Saint Demetrius , or Hagios Demetrios ( Greek : Άγιος Δημήτριος ) , is the main sanctuary dedicated to Saint Demetrius , the patron saint of Thessaloniki ( in Central Macedonia , Greece ) , dating from a time when it was the second largest city of the Byzantine Empire .
Penfolds is an Australian wine producer that was founded in Adelaide in 1844 by Christopher Rawson Penfold , an English physician who emigrated to Australia , and his wife Mary Penfold .
The Jardin botanique de Bayeux ( 2.6 hectares ) , also called the Jardin public de Bayeux , is a botanical garden and municipal park located at 53 , route de Port - en - Bessin , Bayeux , Calvados , Basse - Normandie , France .
St. Kitts and Nevis Olympic Committee ( IOC code : SKN ) is the National Olympic Committee representing Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Sankt Georgen an der Gusen ( also St. Georgen an der Gusen , lit . : Saint George 's Town on the Gusen River ) is a small market town in Upper Austria , Austria , between the municipalities of Luftenberg and Langenstein .
Sabha Governorate ( Sebha Governorate ) was one of the governorates ( muhafazah ) of Libya from 1963 to 1983 .
Polla is a town and comune of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south - west Italy .
Le Rouget - Pers is a commune in the Cantal department of southern France .
Mekarbaru is a district located in the Tangerang Regency of Banten in Java , Indonesia .
Barrenjoey High School is a co - educational high school located in the Sydney suburb of Avalon , in the Northern Beaches of Sydney , Australia .
Dąbrówka Polska - Osada ( dɔmˈbrufka ˈpɔlska ɔˈsada ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Qalangeh ( Persian : قلانگه‎ , also Romanized as Qalāngeh ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Yorke Highway is the main road from Adelaide to the southern parts of the Yorke Peninsula in South Australia .
Łowicz ( ˈwɔvʲit͡ʂ ) is a town in central Poland with 30,383 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Feltre ( Venetian : Fèltre ) is a town and comune of the province of Belluno in Veneto , northern Italy .
Rębowola ( rɛmbɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gredine ( Serbian : Гредине ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Rajah Sikatuna Protected Landscape is a protected landscape area of forested limestone hills , grasslands and natural springs in the island province of Bohol in the Central Visayas region of the Philippines .
RUM Racquetball Courts are a Racquetball center on UPRM in Mayagüez , Puerto Rico .
Ali Pur Noon is a historic village near Bhera in Sargodha District , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Taipei Fine Arts Museum ( TFAM ; Chinese : 台北市立美術館 ; pinyin : Táiběi Shìlì Měishùguǎn ) is a museum in Zhongshan District , Taipei , Taiwan .
Capilano Mall is a 360,000 square foot shopping mall in the City of North Vancouver in British Columbia , Canada .
St Patrick 's Cathedral , Killala is one of two cathedral churches ( the other is St Mary 's Cathedral , Tuam ) in the Diocese of Tuam , Killala and Achonry of the Church of Ireland .
Gargždai ( pronunciation ) is a city in western Lithuania located in Klaipėda County .
San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sam feɾˈnando ðel ˈβaʝe ðe kataˈmaɾka ) ) is a city in northwestern Argentina and capital of Catamarca Province , on the Río Valle River , at the feet of the Cerro Ambato .
Žukovo ( pronounced ( ˈʒuːkɔʋɔ ) ) is a settlement in the hills north of Velike Poljane in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Pandalur is a small town in the Gudalur , Nilgiris of Tamil Nadu , India .
Middle Franconia ( German : Mittelfranken ) is one of the three administrative regions of Franconia in Bavaria , Germany .
Paniai Regency is one of the regencies ( kabupaten ) in Papua province of Indonesia .
Zavaritski Caldera ( Russian : Вулкан Заварицкого , Vulkan Zavaritskogo ) is a caldera located in the central part of Simushir Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
The Café Anglais ( French pronunciation : ​(kafe ɑ̃ɡlɛ ) , English café ) was a famous French restaurant located at the corner of the Boulevard des Italiens ( n ° 13 ) and the Rue de Marivaux in Paris , France .
Neugebäude Palace ( German : Schloss Neugebäude ) is a large Mannerist castle complex in the Simmering dictrict of Vienna , Austria .
Lamen Bay Airport ( IATA : LNB , ICAO : NVSM ) is an airport in Lamen Bay on Epi , Vanuatu .
Barnik ( Serbian : Барник ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bergstadt Lößnitz ( `` Mining Town of Lößnitz '' , also spelt Lössnitz ) , sometimes also called Muhme ( `` Aunt '' ) for its age , is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis , Saxony , Germany , and belongs to the Town League of Silberberg ( Städtebund Silberberg ) .
The Frankfurter Engel ( German for Frankfurt angel ) is a memorial in the city of Frankfurt am Main in southwestern Germany ; it is dedicated to homosexual people who were persecuted under Nazi rule , and as well as under Paragraph /Section 175 of the German Criminal Code during the 1950s and 1960s .
The Brazilian Military Cemetery of Pistoia is a former WW II memorial cemetery located in Pistoia , Toscana , Italy .
Cooma is a town in the south of New South Wales , Australia .
Sarnath is a city located 13 kilometres north - east of Varanasi near the confluence of the Ganges and the Gomati rivers in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Thula is one of five towns in Yemen on the tentative UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List .
Caruaru also hosts one of the biggest open - air traditional handicrafts markets of Brazil , the Feira de Caruaru .
Las Villas is a natural region and comarca in Andalusia , southern Spain .
Metro Lázaro Cárdenas ( Spanish : Estación Lázaro Cárdenas ) is on Line 9 of the Mexico City Metro System between Metro Centro Médico and Metro Chabacano at the intersection of Eje Central and Eje 3 Sur .
Lewis Road East Falls is an 8 metre high terraced classic cascade waterfall found on private property , ( private with permission to access ) , in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
The Matalag River is a river in the Philippines flowing from the town of Kabugao in Apayao province to Rizal town in Cagayan province .
Harang ( Persian : هرنگ‎‎ , also Romanized as Herang ; also known as Hurnak ) is a village in Harang Rural District , Kukherd District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Holmestrand Private Station ( Norwegian : Holmestrand privatstasjon ) was a railway station located in Holmestrand , Norway .
El Mosquito was an independent weekly satire newspaper published in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Bilashi is a historical village located in Sangli district , Maharashtra in India .
Atra Chal ( Persian : اتراچال‎ , also Romanized as Atrā Chāl ) is a village in Estarabad - e Shomali Rural District , Baharan District , Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Imperia Tower in Moscow , Russia , is a 60-floor building complex that includes offices , a business center , a hotel and private apartments .
Villeneuve les Vertus Aerodrome , was a temporary World War I airfield in France .
The Raipur Municipal Corporation was ranked 6th out of 21 Cities for best governance & administrative practices in India in 2014 .
In 2005 a commemorative coin ( 3 ruble , silver ) was issued by the Central Bank of Russia , featuring the Rusakov Workers ' Club building .
Dunshah ( Persian : دونشاه‎ , also Romanized as Dūnshāh ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
' Abadilah is a settlement in Fujairah , United Arab Emirates .
Noordoewer is a town in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia .
Divzand ( Persian : ديوزند‎ , also Romanized as Dīvzand ; also known as Dīwāzān ) is a village in Badr Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The North Luzon East Expressway is a proposed 4-lane , 92.1-kilometer long limited - access toll expressway on the island of Luzon in the Philippines .
According to the Annual Report of Four Music GmbH of fiscal year 2009 to 2010 , Sony Music Entertainment Germany GmbH has acquired all the shares of Four Music GmbH.
Downtown Tijuana , officially colonia Zona Centro , is an official neighborhood of Tijuana , Mexico .
Bissoe ( Cornish : Besow , meaning birch trees ) is a hamlet in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kutugertsi is a village in Kyustendil Municipality , Kyustendil Province , south - western Bulgaria .
Parolise is a village and comune of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy .
Lake Lacha ( Russian : Ла́ча , Ла́че ) is a freshwater lake , located in the south of Kargopolsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia , 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) south of the town of Kargopol .
Għajnsielem , meaning `` Peaceful Spring '' , is a municipality on the southeastern coast of the island of Gozo in Malta , including the entire island of Comino .
Cape Esperance ( 9 ° 15′S 159 ° 42′E ) is the northernmost point on Guadalcanal , Solomon Islands .
Lasikin Airport ( IATA : WITG ) is an airport in Sinabang , Simeulue island , Aceh , Indonesia .
Bratislava fortifications usually refers to the medieval city fortifications of Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia , of which one gate and two sections of walls remain today .
UIML College , established in 1998 , is part of a chain of language colleges in Punjab , Pakistan , with centres in Jhelum and Kharian .
Zakmur ( Serbian Cyrillic : Закмур ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Chwałszyce ( xfau̯ˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nekla , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Los Furios is a six - piece band from Vancouver , British Columbia which has performed across Western Canada since 2000 .
Ntangki National Park is a wildlife park located in Peren district of Nagaland , India .
The Chakhil - i - Ghoundi Stupa , also code - named `` Stupa C1 '' , is a small limestone stupa from the Chakhil - i - Ghoundi monastery , at the archeological site of Hadda in eastern Afghanistan .
Government Azizul Haque College in Bogra is a public college under the National University of Bangladesh .
Żardyny ( ʐarˈdɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Antichasia ( Greek : Αντιχάσια ) is a forested mountain range in the northern Trikala and Larissa regional units in Thessaly , Greece .
Dera Ghazi Khan ( Urdu : ڈيره غازي خان‎ ) , abbreviated as D. G. Khan or locally as دیرہ غازی خان in nastaʿlīq script , is a geographically central city of Pakistan at the junction of all four provinces of Pakistan .
The Gulf of Manfredonia ( Italian : Golfo di Manfredonia ) is a gulf on the east coast of Italy .
The Dar es Salaam University College of Education ( DUCE ) is a constituent college of the University of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania .
Orewa , a town in New Zealand 's North Island , lies on the Hibiscus Coast , just north of the base of the Whangaparaoa Peninsula and 40 kilometres north of central Auckland .
Brahe Church ( Swedish : Brakekyrkan ) is a church building on the island of Visingsö in the lake of Vättern in Sweden .
The Sacred Heart Convent School ( Bangkok ) ( Thai : โรงเรียนพระหฤทัยคอนแวนต์ ) is a private , Catholic college preparatory school in Khlong Toei District , Bangkok , Thailand .
Udon Thani ( Thai : อุดรธานี , pronounced ( ʔudɔːn tʰaːniː ) ) is one of the four major cities ( Khorat , Ubon Ratchathani , Udon Thani , and Khon Kaen ) of the Isan region , Thailand , ( known as the `` big four of Isan '' ) .
Kaluyi ( Persian : كلويي‎ , also Romanized as Kalūyī ) is a village in Irafshan Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Nowy Wiączemin ( ˈnɔvɨ vjɔnˈt͡ʂɛmin ) ( German : Deutsch Gensemin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sokoligóra ( sɔkɔliˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub - Dobrzyń , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Canal des houillères de la Sarre , sometimes simply known as the Canal de la Sarre , connects the Canal de la Marne au Rhin in Gondrexange to the Saar river in Sarreguemines in northeastern France .
Lanfains ( Breton : Lanfeun ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Okutataragi Pumped Storage Power Station ( 奥多々良木発電所 ) is a large pumped - storage hydroelectric power station in Asago , in the Hyōgo Prefecture of Japan .
Adria Cathedral ( or the New Cathedral ; Italian : Duomo di Adria , Cattedrale Nuova dei Santi Pietro i Paulo ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Adria , in the province of Rovigo and the region of Veneto , Italy .
La Vera is a comarca ( county , but with no administrative role ) in Extremadura , western Spain .
The Wehra Valley Railway ( German : Wehratalbahn ) was a 19.7 km long branch line from Schopfheim to Bad Säckingen in southwestern Germany , that was electrified in 1913 at the same time as the Wiesen Valley Railway .
Boss Media AB , with its main headquarters in Växjö , Sweden , was a developer of software and systems for digitally distributed gambling entertainment .
The Mauria Pass ( Italian : Passo della Mauria ) ( 1298 m ) is a high mountain pass between the regions of Veneto and Friuli in Italy .
The Bełchatów Power Station is a large 5,420 MW lignite - fired power station situated near Bełchatów in Łódź Voivodeship , Poland .
Afragola ( afraˈɡoːla ) ( Neapolitan : Afravóla ; Afragolese dialect : Afraóra ) is a city and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples , in Italy .
Metro Bellas Artes is a station along Line 2 and Line 8 of the Mexico City Metro system .
Zubrzyca Dolna ( zuˈbʐɨt͡sa ˈdɔlna ) , ( Slovak : Nižná Zubrica ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
The Edgar Centre is a large multi - purpose indoor sports venue in South Dunedin , New Zealand , on the shore of Otago Harbour close to Andersons Bay Inlet .
Carmo do Rio Claro is a municipality located in the south - west of Minas Gerais state , Brazil .
Lipa pri Frankolovem ( pronounced ( ˈliːpa pɾi fɾaŋkɔˈloːvɛm ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Þórólfsfell is a basaltic tuya in southern Iceland , east of Fljótshlíð .
Kaisariani ( Greek : Καισαριανή ) is a suburban town and a municipality in the eastern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
Kuntur Jipiña ( Aymara kunturi condor , jipiña squatting of animals , ' where the condor crouches ' , hispanicized spelling Condor Jipina ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia , about 5,260 metres ( 17,257 ft ) high .
The Yukon Hotel is a National Historic Site of Canada and part of the Dawson Historical Complex .
Užventis ( pronunciation , Samogitian : Ožvėntis ) is a city in the Kelmė district municipality , Lithuania .
The Rama Government is the cabinet of Albania after being confirmed in September 2013 .
Sarmast ( Persian : سرمست‎‎ ) is a city in and the capital of Govar District , in Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Pattathanam is a residential area in the city of Kollam in Kerala , south west India .
Rapljevo ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːpljɛʋɔ ) ) is a settlement in the southern part of the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia .
Zemné ( Hungarian : Szímő ) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - western Slovakia .
Rajpur Sonarpur ( Bengali : রাজপুর সোনারপুর ) , popularly known as Sonarpur ( Bengali : সোনারপুর ) , is a southern neighbourhood of Kolkata , India and a municipality under Sonarpur police station .
Kitakawachi Dam is a dam in the Ishikawa Prefecture of Japan , completed in 2010 .
Batawa is a small community in southeastern Ontario , Canada in the city of Quinte West .
Hwange National Park Airport ( IATA : HWN , ICAO : FVWN ) is an airport in Zimbabwe that serves the Hwange National Park and the town of Hwange .
Viinijärvi is a rather large lake in Northern Karelia region in Finland .
Olievenhoutbosch is a township in Centurion in Gauteng , South Africa , close to Midrand on the R55 route , which was established in the 1990s .
Dek Island ( Dek Deset in Amharic ) is the biggest island ( approximately 16 square kilometers in size ) on Lake Tana in Ethiopia .
Plavecký Mikuláš ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈplaʋetskiː ˈmikulaːʃ ) ) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Malacky District in the Bratislava region .
Uman ( Ukrainian : Умань , Polish : Humań ) is a city located in the Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) in central Ukraine , to the east of Vinnytsia .
S.V. RAP is a Dutch football ( soccer ) club based in Amsterdam , Netherlands , that plays in the Vijfde Klasse , the eight tier of football in the Netherlands , and the sixth tier of Dutch amateur football .
Hasanabad - e Etemad ( Persian : حسن اباداعتماد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e E``temād ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 61 , in 13 families .
Makresh Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Макреш ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Vidin Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the Danubian Plain about 12 km southwest of Danube river .
The Three Arms Zone is a district of Abuja , the capital of Nigeria , so named because it contains the headquarters of the Three Arms of Government .
Burgos ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈburɣos ) , UK /ˈbʊərɡɒs/ , US /ˈbʊərɡoʊs/ ) is a city in northern Spain and the historic capital of Castile .
The Rideau Canoe Club ( RCC ) is a canoe club located on the Rideau River in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The Brauroneion was the sanctuary of Artemis Brauronia on the Athenian Acropolis , located in the southwest corner of the Acropolis plateau , between the Chalkotheke and the Propylaia in Greece .
Kolashlu ( Persian : كلشلو‎ , also Romanized as Kolashlū ; also known as Golashlū ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rågsved is a district of Stockholm , Sweden which historically belonged to Bandhagen .
Baruntse is a mountain in the Khumbu region of eastern Nepal , crowned by four peaks and bounded on the south by the Hunku Glacier , on the east by the Barun Glacier , and on the northwest by the Imja Glacier .
Buddha Goraya / Budha Goraya / Budha Guraya / Urdu : بڈھاگورائیہ Hindi : बुढ्ढा गोराया is a developing village in Gujranwala District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Druya ( Друя , Polish : Druja ) is a historic townlet in Vitebsk Region , Belarus , about 30 km northeast of Braslaw , located on the left bank of the Daugava River , at the mouth of the Drujka River , opposite the Latvian parish of Piedruja ( former Pridruysk ) .
Markuszowa ( markuˈʂɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa , within Strzyżów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Hamilton City Hall is located in downtown Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Presidente Roque Sáenz Peña is a neighbourhood of the barrio of Saavedra , in the city of Buenos Aires , Argentina , named after President of Argentina , Roque Sáenz Peña .
Iža ( Hungarian : Izsa , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈiʒɒ ) ) is a village in south - western Slovakia .
The Mejía Lagoons National Sanctuary ( Santuario Nacional Lagunas de Mejía ) is a protected area in Peru on the coastal Mejía District in Arequipa , in the mouth of the Tambo River .
Bangkok Christian College ( Thai : โรงเรียนกรุงเทพคริสเตียนวิทยาลัย ) is a private boys ' school in Bangkok and the oldest school in Thailand .
Wustermark is a municipality of the Havelland district , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Olipa is an uninhabited islet in Croatia , part of the Elaphiti Islands archipelago off the coast of southern Dalmatia .
Pakur ( Hindi : पाकुड़ ; previously known as Pakaur ) is the district headquarters of Pakur District ( पाकुड़ जिला ) , Jharkhand state , India .
Radio Monte Carlo Network is an Italian - speaking station , broadcasting in Italy and Monaco from both Monaco and Milan .
Trojaczek ( trɔˈjat͡ʂɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Notre - Dame - de - Ham , Quebec is an municipality in Centre - du - Québec , Quebec , Canada .
Katete District with headquarters at Katete in Eastern Province , Zambia , includes woodland in the north sloping down into the Luangwa Valley , good farmland amid rocky hills in the centre , and deforested plateau exposed to soil erosion and degradation in the south along the border with Mozambique .
Osakücə ( also Osaküçə , Asakyudzha , Osakudzha , or Osakyudzha ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The history of Madhepura can be traced back to the reign of Kushan Dynasty of Ancient India .
Ryn Reszelski ( ˈrɨn rɛˈʂɛlski ) ( German : Schellen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Drzeczkowo ( dʐɛt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Velachery ( Tamil : வேளச்சேரி ) is a residential area in South Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India .
Uppland Runic Inscription 541 or U 541 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age memorial runestone which is located at the Husby - Sjuhundra church , which is five kilometers west of Norrtälje , Stockholm County , Sweden , and in the historic province of Uppland .
Zimica ( pronounced ( ziˈmiːtsa ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Duplek in northeastern Slovenia .
Qeydu ( Persian : قيدو‎ , also Romanized as Qeydū ; also known as Ghidoo , Kaidu , Kāydū , Key Dū , and Qedu ) is a village in Galehzan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Mostaganem ( Arabic : مستغانم‎ ) is a port city in and capital of Mostaganem province , in the northwest of Algeria .
Aghlian ( Persian : اغليان‎ , also Romanized as Āghlīān ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Mahali Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Bazaruto National Park ( BANP ) is a protected area in the Inhambane Province of Mozambique on the Bazaruto Archipelago .
Lake Omodeo ( Italian : Lago Omodeo ) is an artificial lake , in central west Sardinia , Italy .
The Man 's Rights in the Family Party ( Hebrew : מפלגת זכויות הגבר במשפחה - רע``ש‎ , Miflega Zkhuyot HaGever BeMishpaha - Ra'ash ) was a minor political party in Israel headed by Yaakov Schlusser .
Farkadona ( Greek : Φαρκαδόνα , before 1955 : Τσιότι - Tsioti ) is a municipality in the southeastern Trikala regional unit , part of Thessaly in Greece .
Wymokłe ( vɨˈmɔkwɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Syangboche Airport also known as Syangboche Airstrip ( IATA : SYH , ICAO : VNSB ) is an unpaved airstrip serving the village of Namche Bazaar , in Solukhumbu district , Nepal .
Title 49 of the United States Code is a code that regards the role of transportation in the United States of America .
Manapullikavu is in the Palakkad district in the Kerala State of India .
NK Zvijezda Gradačac , or commonly referred to as just Zvijezda is a football club from Bosnia and Herzegovina , based in the town of Gradačac .
Wonju is the most populous city in Gangwon province , South Korea .
Lweeza , sometimes spelled as Lweza is a neighborhood in Central Uganda .
Royan ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁwa.jɑ̃ ) ; locally ( ʁwe.jɑ̃ ) in Saintongeais dialect ) is a commune in the Charente - Maritime department , along the Atlantic Ocean , in southwestern France .
Tokat Province ( Turkish : Tokat ili ) is a province in northern Turkey .
The Château de Langoiran is located in the district of Bordeaux in Gironde , in Langoiran , Aquitaine , France .
Johannesgränd ( Swedish : `` Alley of ( Saint ) John '' ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden , connecting Skeppsbron to Österlånggatan .
Fardeqan ( Persian : فردقان‎ , also Romanized as Fardeqān and Fardaqān ; also known as Fardaghān and Phardogan ) is a village in Khenejin Rural District , in the Central District of Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Milligan Hills Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located 150 km ( 93 mi ) northeast of Fort St. John near the border with Alberta .
As of 2001 India census , Thokur-62 had a population of 6166 .
Buriram ( Thai : บุรีรัมย์ - `` City of Happiness '' ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in Thailand , capital of Buriram Province , about 410 km northeast of Bangkok .
The Vorderseespitze is a mountain in the Lechtal Alps , Tyrol , Austria .
The McMahon Government refers to the period of federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister William McMahon .
Selje Church ( Norwegian : Selje kyrkje ) is a parish church in Selje Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Bélapátfalva is a town in Heves county , in Hungary , located north of the city of Eger .
Bourg - de - Péage is a commune in the Drôme department and in the Rhône - Alpes region in southeastern France .
Katta Belisynyk Pass is a pass in the Belisynyk Range of the Batken Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Včelince ( Hungarian : Méhi ) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Nahandar ( Persian : نهندر‎ , also Romanized as Nehendar and Nohendar ) is a village in Kamazan - e Olya Rural District , Zand District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Przechlewo ( pʂɛˈxlɛvɔ ) ( German : Prechlau ) is a village in Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Xurama ( also , Khurama ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Shalilvand ( Persian : شليلوند‎ , also Romanized as Shalīlvand ; also known as Shalīvand and Shīlūneh ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hawulti - Melazo is an Aksumite and pre - Aksumite archaeological site in Tigray Region , northern Ethiopia .
Piz Morteratsch ( 3,751 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland .
Bennett Island is part of the Sakha Republic administrative division of Russia .
Vauvert is a commune in the far south of the Gard department in southern France .
Gornje Prapreče ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈpɾaːpɾɛtʃɛ ) ; in older sources also Gorenje Prapreče , German : Oberprapretsche ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Borazjan ( Persian : برازجان‎ ; also Romanized as Borāzjān ; also known as Borazdjan and Borāzjūn ) is a city in and the capital of Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Apollonioi ( Greek : Απολλώνιοι ) is a former municipality on the island of Lefkada , Ionian Islands , Greece .
Rubinówka ( rubiˈnufka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Pechiparai Reservoir is a reservoir located 43 kilometres ( 27 mi ) from the town of Nagercoil , near the village of Pechiparai in Kanyakumari District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Matkunda is a village in the Thalisain tehsil of Bironkhal block in Pauri Garhwal district , Uttarakhand , India .
The A43 autoroute , also known as l'autoroute de la Maurienne , is a motorway in France .
Kalahari Constituency is an electoral constituency in Omaheke Region , Namibia .
Sława ( ˈswava ) ( German : Schlawa , 1937 - 1945 Schlesiersee ) is a town in Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,960 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
The Mountains of the Moon University ( MMU ) , is a private , non - profit university in Uganda .
Garshakurthy is located in Andhra Pradesh , India , it is about 25 km west of Karimnagar , the nearest town .
The Wakhan Corridor ( alternatively Vakhan Corridor , or Wakhan ) is the narrow strip of territory in northeastern Afghanistan that extends to China and separates Tajikistan from Pakistan .
Mazraeh - ye Ruy Deh ( Persian : مزرعه روي ده‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Rūy Deh ; also known as Rūy Deh ) is a village in Neyasar Rural District , Neyasar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 42 , in 12 families .
Rudovci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рудовци ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Mehrabad - e Qods ( Persian : مهرابادقدس‎ , also Romanized as Mehrābād - e Qods ) is a village in Bajestan Rural District , in the Central District of Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Sopo River is a river in South Sudan 's state of Northern Bahr el Ghazal .
Mehriz ( Persian : مهريز‎ , also Romanized as Mehrīz ) is a city in and the capital of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Mort 's Dock is a former dry dock , slipway , and shipyard in Balmain , New South Wales , Australia .
Yeniseysk Governorate ( Russian : Енисе́йская губе́рния ) was a governorate ( guberniya ) of the Russian Empire and later of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic .
Padre Sergio Eamiguel is a barangay of Naval , Biliran , Philippines P.S. Eamiguel is politically subdivided into five sitios .
Maovice is a small village in Split - Dalmatia county , Croatia .
Świerzowa Ruska ( ɕfʲɛˈʐɔva ˈruska ) ( Ukrainian : Свіржова Руська , Svirzhova Rus’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Paipra ( near Pezhakkappilly ) is a small village in Muvattupuzha Taluka of Ernakulam district of Kerala state , south India .
Azawad ( Tuareg : ⴰⵣⴰⵡⴰⴷ Azawad ; Arabic : أزواد ‎ Azawād ) is a territory in northern Mali as well as a former short - lived unrecognised state .
The Mine Service ( Mijnendienst ) is the wing of the Royal Netherlands Navy dealing with mine - laying and minesweeping .
Lernagog ( Armenian : Լեռնագոգ ) , is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
The Federatie Nederlandse Vakbeweging ( English : Dutch Federation of Trade Unions ; FNV ) is a federation of trade unions of the Netherlands .
Krásnovce ( Hungarian : Krasznócz ) is a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Palmela ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( pɐɫˈmɛlɐ ) ) is a town and a municipality in Portugal .
The Rocca Sanvitale , or Sanvitale Castle , is a fortress residence located in the centre of the town of Fontanellato , near Parma , northern Italy .
Noertzange ( Luxembourgish : Näerzéng , German : Nörtzingen ) is a small town in the commune of Bettembourg , in southern Luxembourg .
Idršek ( pronounced ( ˈiːdəɾʃək ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Vandellòs Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power station in Vandellòs located close to the Coll de Balaguer pass ( Baix Camp comarca ) in Catalonia , Spain .
Eliki ( Greek : Ελίκη , before 1917 : Ζευγολατιό - Zevgolatio ) , is a village in the municipal unit of Diakopto , Achaea , Greece .
The Municipality of Brezovica ( Slovene : Občina Brezovica ) is a municipality in central Slovenia , just south of its capital Ljubljana .
Baakleen ( or Baakline ) is a city located in Mount Lebanon , Chouf District , 45 kilometers southeast of Beirut .
Çomaxtur ( also , Chomakhtur ) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic , Azerbaijan .
Engelberger Aa ( or Engelbergeraa ) is a river in Switzerland .
Mesdaraq ( Persian : مسدرق‎ ) is a village in Naqdi Rural District , Meshgin - e Sharqi District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Omazići ( Serbian : Омазићи ) is a village in the municipality of Banovići , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Salvadoran Army ( Spanish : Ejército Salvadoreño ) is the land branch and largest of the Armed Forces of El Salvador .
Filiatra ( Greek : Φιλιατρά ) , is a town and a former municipality in Messenia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Kallio Rolling Rainbow ( KRR ) is a women 's flat track roller derby league based in Helsinki in Finland .
Baciki Bliższe ( baˈt͡ɕʲikʲi ˈblʲiʂːɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Батики Передні , Batyky Peredni ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Masaka Regional Referral Hospital , commonly known as Masaka Hospital is a hospital in the city of Masaka , in south - central Uganda .
Ciuruleasa ( German : Arileis ; Hungarian : Csurulyásza ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Paul 's Island or Paul Island is an island off the coast of Labrador , near the town of Nain in Canada .
Revdanda is a village near Alibaug , India .
Jemiołów ( jɛˈmjɔwuf ) ( formerly German Petersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Berlin European UK is a defunct regional UK airline based at Tegel Airport in what used to be West Berlin in the days prior to Germany 's ( re-)unification .
The Right Opposition ( Russian : Правая оппозиция , Pravaya oppozitsiya ) was the name given to the tendency made up of Nikolai Bukharin , Alexei Rykov , Mikhail Tomsky and their supporters within the Soviet Union in the late 1920s .
Hamraia ( Arabic : ﺮاﻳﺔﺣ‎ ) is a town and commune in Reguiba District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Santiago de Compostela Airport ( Galician : Aeroporto de Santiago de Compostela , Spanish : Aeropuerto de Santiago de Compostela ) ( IATA : SCQ , ICAO : LEST ) is an international airport serving the autonomous community and historical region of Galicia in Spain .
Idanha - a - Nova ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( iˈðɐɲa ˈnɔvɐ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Castelo Branco in east - central Portugal .
Mazraeh - ye Hajji Ahmad ( Persian : مزرعه حاجي احمد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩājjī Aḩmad ) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Sydney Polo Club is a polo club in Richmond , New South Wales , Australia .
Shatjrek ( Armenian : Շատջրեք , also Romanized as Shatjreq ; formerly , Koshabulakh , Koshabulag , and Ghoshabulagh ) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Călimănești , often known as Călimănești - Căciulata , is a town in Vâlcea County , southern Romania .
The Caves of Barać ( Croatian : Baraćeve špilje ) are located near the village of Nova Kršlja in the municipality of Rakovica , Croatia .
Ladushkin ( Russian : Ла́душкин ) , formerly known as Ludwigsort in German ( Polish : Ludwinów ; Lithuanian : Liudvigsortas ) , is a town in Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia , located between Kaliningrad and the Polish border .
Tønder County ( Danish : Tønder Amt ) is a former province in Denmark , located the south - western part of Southern Jutland .
The Drevviken Party ( Swedish : Drevvikenpartiet ) is a local political party in Huddinge Municipality , Sweden .
The Tenterfield Intercolonial Courier and Fairfield and Wallangarra Advocate was a newspaper published in Tenterfield , New South Wales , Australia from 1891 to 1914 .
Lewella ( the name means `` blood sand '' ) is a village and northeastern suburb of Kandy , in Central Province , Sri Lanka .
Hibberdene is a small coastal town on the KwaZulu - Natal south coast in South Africa .
Százhalombatta ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈsaːzhɒlombɒtːɒ ) ; Croatian : Bata , Serbian : Bata , Бата ) is a town in Pest county , Hungary .
The Luan Gallery is an publicly owned art gallery in Athlone , Westmeath , Ireland .
Yuzbashlu ( Persian : يوزباشلو‎ , also Romanized as Yūzbāshlū ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Millennium University ( Bengali : মিলেনিয়াম বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) or TMU is a non governmental university located at Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Papatoetoe High School ( PHS ) is a secondary school ( years 9 - -13 ) in Papatoetoe suburb of Auckland City , New Zealand .
Du Toit 's Pan , now usually Dutoitspan , refers to one of the earliest diamond mining camps at what is now Kimberley , South Africa .
Przystajnia ( pʂɨsˈtai̯ɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Asian Highway 63 ( AH63 ) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 2500 km from Samara , Russia to G``uzor , Uzbekistan connecting AH6 to AH62 . The route is also numbered European route E121 and European route E40 . The route is as follows :
Domalapenta is a village on the left side of Srisailam Project , situated in Nallamala Hills of Mahabubnagar district , Telangana , India .
Diky Greben ( Russian : Дикий гребень ) is a lava dome complex located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Nushan - e Olya ( Persian : نوشان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Nūshān - e `` Olyā ; also kown as Nūshān ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 180 , in 37 families .
Dolenje Poljane ( pronounced ( doˈleːnjɛ pɔˈljaːnɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Stari Trg pri Ložu in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Judeir - jo - daro , also known as Damb Judeir , is an archaeological site dating back to the Harappan period in Balochistan , Pakistan .
Viale Aventino is a street that links Piazza di Porta Capena and Piazza Albania in Rome ( Italy ) .
Lake Abitibi ( French : Lac Abitibi ) is a lake in northeastern Ontario and western Quebec , Canada .
Piaszczyce ( pjaʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Amealco de Bonfil Municipality is a municipality in Querétaro in central Mexico .
Holy Trinity University is a dynamic center of Catholic education in Palawan , Philippines .
Addi Remets or Adi Ramets ( Amharic `` Village of the Hot Sands '' ) is a town in northern Ethiopia .
The Museum of Photography , Seoul is a photography museum in Bangi - dong , Songpa - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
Fuquan Olympic School ( traditional Chinese : 福泉奧林匹克學校 ; simplified Chinese : 福泉奥林匹克学校 ) is a co - educational , private school , located in the town of Duruan in Jiangmen , Guangdong Province , People 's Republic of China .
Jijad ( Persian : جيجاد‎ , also Romanized as Jījād ) is a village in Banaft Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Khajan - e Chahar Dang ( Persian : خاجان چهاردانگ‎ , also Romanized as Khājān - e Chahār Dāng ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bátorová ( Hungarian : Bátorfalu ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Between 1504 and 1492 BC Thutmosis I campaigned north into Syria against the Mitanni , a vassal of the Hittites and , along with Aram , an ally of Kadesh .
China CITIC Bank Mansion ( Chinese : 中信银行大厦 ) , formerly Zhong Tian Plaza ( Chinese : 中天广场 ) is a 59-floor/229-meter tall skyscraper in Urumqi , Xinjiang , People 's Republic of China .
The Canadian Air Transport Security Authority ( CATSA ) ( French : Administration canadienne de la sûreté du transport aérien , or ACSTA ) is a Canadian Crown corporation responsible for the security screening at the 89 designated airports in Canada .
The Free - thinking Democratic League ( Dutch : Vrijzinnig Democratische Bond , VDB ) was a progressive liberal political party in the Netherlands .
Children 's University ( Hindi : चिल्ड्रेन्स यूनिवर्सिटी ) , is a State university in the city of Gandhinagar , Gujarat , India .
Bernouilli Conservation Reserve is a protected area located in the Limestone Coast of South Australia near the headland of Cape Jaffa about 21 kilometres ( 13 mi ) south west of the township of Kingston SE .
Silfiac ( Breton : Silieg ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Lozova ( Ukrainian : Лозова́ ) or Lozovaya ( Russian : Лозова́я ) is a city in the Kharkiv Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine .
Jebchit ( in Arabic جبشيت ) is a village in the Nabatieh Governorate region of southern Lebanon located north of the Litani River .
Dongan - gu is a district of the city of Anyang in Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Celada de Roblecedo ( Spanish : Celada de Roblecedo ) is a town located in the province of Palencia , in the Palencia , northern Spain .
Lac - des - Écorces Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CTV2 ) , is located on Lac - des - Écorces , Quebec , Canada and is open from May until the middle of November .
Nowe Resko ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈrɛskɔ ) ( formerly German Ritzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
RusLine ( Russian : Авиакомпания `` РусЛайн '' ) is a regional airline from Russia , which operates mostly domestic regional flights , as well as holiday charters .
Linda Vista University ( Spanish : Universidad Linda Vista ) is a private university in the state of Chiapas in southern Mexico .
Mont Aigoual ( Occitan : Mont Augal , elevation 1567 m / 5141 ft ) is the highest point of the Gard département , France .
SMK Seri Kembangan is a school located in Seri Kembangan , Selangor , Malaysia , on top of a hill in Bukit Serdang .
The Uhaitxa or Gave de Sainte - Engrâce , is a torrential river of the French Basque Country ( Pyrénées - Atlantiques ) , in the Southwest of France .
Sodevci ( pronounced ( sɔˈdeːu̯tsi ) ; in older sources also Sodevce , German : Schöpfenlag ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River south of Stari Trg ob Kolpi in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
The Thune Dam is a dam on the Thune River in Botswana that was under construction in 2012 .
Irsina Cathedral ( Italian : Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta , Duomo di Irsina ) , formerly Montepeloso Cathedral , is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary , located in Irsina in the region of Basilicata , Italy .
Beneixama ( Valencian pronunciation : ( benejˈʃama ) , locally : ( beniˈʃama ) . Spanish : Benejama ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Vinalopó in the north of Alicante province , Valencian Community , Spain .
Dehdez ( Persian : حسينيه‎ , also Romanized as Dehdaz and Deh - e Dez ; also known as Deh Diz ) is a city in and the capital of Dehdez District , in Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cascade Beverages is a non - alcoholic range of drinks that are manufactured and sold in Australia .
Korsze ( ˈkɔrʂɛ ) ( German : Korschen , Lithuanian : Kuršiai ) is a town in Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,724 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Bezdružice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbɛzdruʒɪtsɛ ) ; German : Weseritz ) is a town in Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Moghestan - e Akbar ( Persian : مغستان اكبر‎ , also Romanized as Moghestān - e Akbar ; also known as Moghestān ) is a village in Rabatat Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Federal Foreign Office ( German : Auswärtiges Amt ) , abbreviated AA , is the foreign ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany , a federal agency responsible for both the country 's foreign politics and its relationship with the European Union .
Athinaio ( Greek : Αθήναιο , before 1928 : Αλήκα - Alika ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Valtetsi , Arcadia , Greece .
The Plaza de Toros de El Bibio is a bullring located in Gijón , Asturias , Spain .
Étang d'Araing is a lake in Couserans , Ariège department , France .
Lady Alice Falls is a tall waterfall in Fiordland , New Zealand .
Rudbar ( Persian : رودبار‎‎ , rudbâr ) ( Tati : روبار , rubâr ) is a city in and the capital of Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Humber Keel was a type of sail craft used for inshore and inland cargo transport around Hull and the Humber Estuary , in the United Kingdom , particularly through the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
The Kėdainiai minaret is the only free - standing minaret in Lithuania .
The Sandy Hollow Landfill or Barrie Landfill is a landfill located near Barrie , Ontario in Canada .
Låsby is a small town in the province of Jutland in Denmark with a population of 1,910 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Regensburg Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in the city of Regensburg in southern Germany .
Wahlern is a former municipality of the canton of Bern in Switzerland and seat of the Bern - Mittelland administrative district .
Tucks Reef is a small rocky island , with an area of 1.14 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Kaluga ( Grabtsevo ) Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Калуга `` Грабцево '' ) ( IATA : KLF , ICAO : UUBC ) is an international airport , located 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) northeast of Kaluga , Russia .
Brežec pri Divači ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːʒəts pɾi diˈʋaːtʃi ) ; Italian : Brese ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Loukrounou ( Greek : Λουκρούνου ) is an abandoned village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km north of Miliou .
Popradské pleso ( once called Rybie pleso ) is a mountain lake of glacial origin located in the High Tatras , Slovakia .
Diven ( Persian : ديون‎ , also Romanized as Dīven ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Đa Nhim River ( also Krong Pha or Song Pha ) is a river in huyện Lạc Dương , Lâm Đồng Province , Vietnam .
Réal ( Catalan : Real ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Pakuranga College is a co - educational secondary school in east Auckland , New Zealand .
Château - du - Loir is a commune in the Sarthe département in the Pays de la Loire region in north - western France .
Stara Syniava ( Ukrainian : Стара Синява ) is an urban - type settlement in Khmelnytskyi Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Istgah - e Neqab ( Persian : ايستگاه نقاب‎ , also Romanized as Īstgāh - e Neqāb ) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District , in the Central District of Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Molango ( officially Molango de Escamilla ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo , in central - eastern Mexico .
Eupen - Malmedy or Eupen - Malmédy , also known as the East Cantons ( German : Ostkantone ; French : Cantons de l'Est ; Dutch : Oostkantons ) within Belgium , is a geographical area and group of cantons in eastern Belgium .
The Bank of England , formally the Governor and Company of the Bank of England , is the central bank of the United Kingdom and the model on which most modern central banks have been based .
Karlobag ( Italian : Carlopago ) is a historic and picturesque seaside municipality on the Adriatic coast in Croatia , located underneath Velebit overlooking the island of Pag , west of Gospić and south of Senj .
Mustafaağalı ( also , Mustafaagaly ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Croatian Democratic Union 1990 ( Croatian : Hrvatska demokratska zajednica 1990 , HDZ 1990 ) is a political party of Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gibelacher is a town close to Merligen in Berner Oberland , Switzerland .
Uzarići ( Serbian : Узарићи ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Swiss Information Centre for Cultural Heritage Conservation ( Nationale Informationsstelle für Kulturgüter - Erhaltung , abbreviated `` NIKE '' ) , is a Swiss association that advocates cultural heritage conservation in Switzerland .
Pachyammos ( Greek : Παχύαμμος ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located just west of the Kokkina exclave .
Beffe ( Walloon : Bêfe ) is a village in the municipality of Rendeux , in the province of Luxembourg , Belgium .
Rasząg ( ˈraʂɔnk ) ( German Raschung ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mâcon Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Vincent de Mâcon ) is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral in Mâcon , Burgundy , France .
Līdumnieki parish ( Latvian : Līdumnieku pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Cibla Municipality , Latvia .
Nyköpingsbro is a rest area with restaurant , located near the E4 motorway southwest of the town Nyköping in Sweden .
Colera is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà , Girona , Catalonia , Spain , on the Costa Brava .
Kampong Sungai Teraban is a village ( kampong ) in Brunei .
Achna ( Greek : Άχνα ; Turkish : Düzce ) is an abandoned village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus .
Əvilə ( also , Avelya and Avilya ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Its publisher was Klassa Bulgaria EAD .
Montbonnot - Saint - Martin is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France and a suburb of Grenoble .
Villanueva de las Peras ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biʎaˈnweβa ðe las ˈpeɾas ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
Hamarkənd ( also , Amarkend ) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Los Pelambres mine is a large copper mine located in the central - northern of Chile in Coquimbo Region .
Bayram Qalehsi ( Persian : بايرام قلعه سي‎ , also Romanized as Bāyrām Qal``ehsī ; also known as Bīrām Qal``ehsī ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 37 , in 8 families .
Kounina ( Greek : Κουνινά ) is a village in the municipal unit of Aigio , Achaea , Greece .
Xirivella ( Valencian pronunciation : ( tʃiɾiˈveʎa ) ) is a municipality in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Pameče ( pronounced ( ˈpaːmɛtʃɛ ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia .
Acapella Audio Arts is a German manufacturer of loudspeakers , and one of the oldest hi - fi manufactures in Germany .
The Canton of Avesnes - le - Comte is a canton situated in the department of the Pas - de - Calais and in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais - Picardie region of northern France .
The Kolomna Speed Skating Center ( Russian : Коломенский центр конькобежного спорта ) is an 6,150-seat indoor speed skating oval in Kolomna , Russia , also known as the Kometa Ice Rink .
The Haddas River ( alt . Hadas River ) is a seasonal river in Eritrea .
Lake Tengrela is a small lake near Banfora in Burkina Faso .
Tizi N'Tacheddirt is a small village high up ( 2314 m ) in the Atlas Mountains of Morocco .
During the Second World War Defence Regulations were a fundamental aspect of everyday life in the United Kingdom .
Jish ( Arabic : الجش‎ ; Hebrew : גִ'שׁ , גּוּשׁ חָלָב‎ , Gush Halav ) is a town in Upper Galilee , located on the northeastern slopes of Mount Meron , 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) north of Safed , in Israel 's North District .
Nkpor is a town in Idemili North local government area of Anambra state , southeastern Nigeria .
Loma Plata is a city in the district , distrito , of Department of Boquerón , Paraguay .
Ilonggo Grill is a fast food chain in the Philippines serving food originating mostly from the Ilonggo region .
The National Concert Hall ( NCH ) ( Irish : An Ceoláras Náisiúnta ) is a concert hall located on Earlsfort Terrace in Dublin , Ireland , close to St. Stephen 's Green , and is the principal national venue for classical music concerts in Ireland .
Sanghar Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Sanghar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Sanghar is the district headquarter of district Sanghar .
The Ottawa and District Labour Council or ODLC ( French name Conseil du Travail d’Ottawa et du District or CTOD ) is the central labour body for Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Byszewo - Wygoda ( bɨˈʂɛvɔ vɨˈɡɔda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Paška Vas ( Slovene : Paška vas ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Paka River in the Municipality of Šmartno ob Paki in northern Slovenia .
Transylvania ( Romanian : Transilvania or Ardeal , Hungarian : Erdély , German : Siebenbürgen or Transsilvanien , Polish : Siedmiogród , Latin : Transsilvania , Turkish : Erdel ) is a historical region in the central part of Romania .
Balarbisheh ( Persian : بلربيشه‎ , also Romanized as Balarbīsheh ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Seongdong market is the largest traditional market in Gyeongju , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
Ekwulumili is a town in the Nnewi South Local Government Area of the Nnewi county of Anambra State , Nigeria .
The Louwman Museum is a museum for historic cars , coaches , and motorcycles in The Hague , Netherlands .
Karw ( karf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Nelspruit Airport is an airport in Nelspruit , South Africa ( IATA : NLP , ICAO : FANS ) .
Jask ( Persian : جاسک‎ , also Romanized as Jāsk ; also Bandar - e Jask ( Persian : بَندَرِ جاسک‎ ) , also Romanized as Bandar - e Jāsk ) is a city in and the capital of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
`` Hatikvah '' ( Hebrew : הַתִּקְוָה , pronounced ( hatikˈva ) , lit . English : `` The Hope '' ) is the national anthem of Israel .
Nuestra Señora de las Fuentes is a Carthusian monastery in Sariñena , province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Elim Aboriginal Mission , Queensland was an Aboriginal mission in Queensland , Australia .
Lac du Jotty is a reservoir at La Baume in Haute - Savoie , France .
Aguaruto ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aɣwaˈɾuto ) ) is a small town just west of the larger city of Culiacán , Sinaloa , Mexico .
As of 9 February 2010 , the US 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit was rotating out of Haiti , having been replaced by the US 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit , in their position on USS Bataan and Carrefour , Léogâne , Petit - Goâve , and Grand - Goâve .
The Maria Gugging Psychiatric Clinic , known as Gugging , is a psychiatric institution located on the outskirts of Vienna , Austria .
Central Kings Rural High School ( CKRHS ) is a secondary school located in Cambridge , Kings County , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Proczki ( ˈprɔt͡ʂki ) ( German : Ludwigsthal ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Trim Castle ( Irish : Caisleán Bhaile Atha Troim ) is a Norman castle on the south bank of the River Boyne in Trim , County Meath , Ireland .
Bergslagen is a historically , culturally , and linguistically distinct mining district located north of Lake Mälaren in northern Svealand , Sweden .
Gorenji Suhadol ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnji suxaˈdoːu̯ ) or ( ɡɔˈɾeːnji suˈhaːdɔu̯ ) ) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Range in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Biała Podlaska ( ˈbʲawa pɔdˈlaska ) ( Ukrainian : Біла Bila , Latin : Alba Ducalis ) , is a city in eastern Poland with 58,047 inhabitants ( 2005 ) .
Tynda ( Russian : Ты́нда ) is a town in Amur Oblast , Russia , located 568 kilometers ( 353 mi ) northwest of Blagoveshchensk .
Aristotelous Square ( Greek : Πλατεία Αριστοτέλους , IPA : ( plaˈtia aristoˈtelus ) , Aristotle Square ) is the main city square of Thessaloniki , Greece and is located on Nikis avenue ( on the city 's waterfront ) , in the city center .
Sangyab Sar ( Persian : سنگ يابسر‎ , also Romanized as Sangyāb Sar ; also known as Sang Kīāb Sar ) is a village in Kolbad - e Gharbi Rural District , Kolbad District , Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wienpietschseen is a group of lakes in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Czchów ( t͡ʂxuf ) ( Yiddish : טשיכוב - Chekhoiv ) is a town in Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,205 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Greater San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca is an urban agglomeration around the city of San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca in Catamarca Province , Argentina .
The Bonis Peninsula is a narrow peninsula located on Bougainville Island , Papua New Guinea , at the north of the island .
Lukov Castle is a large ruin of a Gothic royal castle located in the southwest of Hostýnské Vrchy , near Zlín , Czech Republic .
Slonim ( Belarusian : Сло́нім , Russian : Сло́ним , Polish : Słonim , Yiddish : סלאנים‎ , Slonim ) is a city in Grodno Region , Belarus , capital of the Slonim district .
The Route nationale 4 is a trunk road ( nationale ) in France between Paris and the frontier with Germany .
Tskhenistsqali ( Georgian : ცხენისწყალი ) is a river in northern Georgia .
Āne is a large village in Ozolnieki Municipality , Latvia .
Mado Hot Spring National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in barangay Awang in the municipality of Datu Odin Sinsuat , Maguindanao in Mindanao Island .
Law and Justice ( Polish : Prawo i Sprawiedliwość ) , abbreviated to PiS , is a right - wing conservative political party in Poland .
The Tjärnö Marine Biological Laboratory is a marine biology field station in Sweden .
AEK Arena was a football stadium project in West Attica , Greece .
Marwałd ( ˈmarvau̯t ) ( German Marwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chinatola Bazaar is a large bazaar and important business hub in Manirampur Upazila , Bangladesh .
Khairkhan ( Mongolian : Хайрхан , mountain ) is a sum ( district ) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia .
Elk Haus ( UCI Team Code : ELK ) was a professional continental cycling team based in Austria and participates in UCI Europe Tour and when selected as a wildcard to UCI ProTour events .
Fogliano Redipuglia lies at the eastern end of the shifting front of the Italian Campaign against Austria - Hungary ( and Germany ) in World War I , and today is home to Italy 's largest war memorial on Monte Sei Busi in Redipuglia .
Celendín is a town in northern Peru , capital of the province Celendín in the region Cajamarca .
Largo di Torre Argentina is a square in Rome , Italy , that hosts four Republican Roman temples , and the remains of Pompey 's Theatre .
Paine Mansel Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Paine Mansel , ICAO : SCMN ) is a public use airport located 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) south - southwest of Paine , Santiago Metropolitan , Chile .
Krousa ( Greek : Κρούσα ) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
The Conjunto Urbano Nonoalco Tlatelolco is the largest apartment complex in Mexico , and second largest in North America , after New York 's Co - op City .
Igboland ( Standard Igbo : Àlà Ị̀gbò ) , also known as Southeastern Nigeria is a non - governmental cultural region and a linguistic area in Nigeria that is defined by the Igbo culture and language .
The Hunnestad Monument ( Swedish : Hunnestadsmonumentet ) , listed as DR 282 through 286 in the Rundata catalog , was once located at Hunnestad in Marsvinsholm north - west of Ystad , Sweden .
The Moree Champion , previously published as the North West Champion , is a bi - weekly English language newspaper published in the Shire of Moree , New South Wales , Australia .
Lliçà de Vall ( Spanish : Llissá de Vall ) is a municipality in Catalonia , Spain in the province of Barcelona in the comarca , Valles Oriental .
Kisar , also known as Yotowawa , is a small island in the Southwestern Moluccas in Indonesia .
Bârgăuani ( Hungarian : Bargován ) is a commune in Neamţ County , Romania .
Sibisa Airport ( IATA : SIW , ICAO : WIMP ) is an airport located in Ajibata , Toba Samosir , North Sumatra , Indonesia .
Vidovo Selo ( Serbian : Видово Село ) is a village in the municipality of Drvar , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Musée de Montmartre is located in Montmartre , at 8 - 14 rue Cortot in the XVIII arrondissement of Paris , France .
Adān is a residential area of Mubarak Al - Kabeer Governorate in Kuwait .
Mazraeh - ye Sadeqiyeh ( Persian : مزرعه صادقيه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Şādeqīyeh ) is a village in Aviz Rural District , in the Central District of Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 28 , in 6 families .
Mabalingwe Nature Reserve , is located 38 km west of Bela Bela , in the Limpopo province of South Africa , and is about 12,000 hectare in area .
On 22 August 2009 , Ugo Verni ( 49 ) , a player from Bagnone won an estimated € 146.9 million ( £ 128 million / US$ 211 million ) in Italy 's SuperEnalotto .
Evangelos & Liza is a classical guitar duo from Greece consisting of Evangelos Assimakopoulos , born in Agrinion , Greece on 10 September 1940 and Liza Zoe , born in Missolonghi , Greece on 8 August 1940 .
Bujakowszczyzna ( bujakɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) ( Ukrainian : Буяківщина , Buyakivshchyna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Heian Palace was the original imperial palace of Heian - kyō ( present - day Kyoto ) , the capital of Japan , from 794 to 1227 .
The Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works ( German : Dampflokwerk Meiningen ) is a railway repair shop in Meiningen , Germany .
Hlaponci ( pronounced ( ˈxlaːpɔntsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia .
The 100 Mile House Wranglers are a junior ' B ' ice hockey team based in 100 Mile House , British Columbia , Canada .
Telemark University College ( TUC , Norwegian : Høgskolen i Telemark , HiT ) was the fourth largest university college in Norway .
Kolenkit District ( Dutch : Kolenkitbuurt ) is a neighbourhood in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Kateh Kareh ( Persian : كته كره‎ ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dwejra Tower ( Maltese : Torri tad - Dwejra ) , sometimes known as Qawra Tower ( Maltese : Torri tal - Qawra ) , is a small watchtower in Dwejra Bay , limits of San Lawrenz on the island of Gozo in Malta .
Sæle Church ( Norwegian : Sæle kyrkje ) is a parish church in Balestrand Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Saint - Goazec ( Sant - Wazeg in Breton ) in commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Nietrzanowo ( ɲetʂaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
San Sebastián Airport ( IATA : EAS , ICAO : LESO ) is the airport serving San Sebastián in Basque Country , Spain .
Halluin ( French pronunciation : ​(alɥɛ̃ ) ; Dutch : Halewijn ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Wujek Coal Mine ( Polish : Kopalnia Wujek ) is a coal mine in Katowice , Poland .
The Berserker Range is a mountainous region located on the eastern and northeastern boundary of the city of Rockhampton in Central Queensland , Australia .
The Berekum Municipal District is one of the twenty - two ( 22 ) districts of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana .
The Arrondissement of Ath ( French : Arrondissement d'Ath ; Dutch : Arrondissement Aat ) is one of the seven administrative arrondissements in the Province of Hainaut , Belgium .
Neculăieuca is a commune in Orhei district , Moldova .
Firuzkuh County ( Persian : شهرستان فیروزکوه‎ ) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
Islamic Center of Daejeon ( ICD ; Hangul : 대전 이슬람 센터 ) was established in December 2006 and located in Yuseong - gu , Daejeon , South Korea .
Šentjanž nad Štorami ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtjaːnʃ nat ˈʃtoːɾami ) or ( ʃənˈtjaːnʃ nat ˈʃtoːɾami ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Štore in eastern Slovenia .
Lillestrøm is a town located some 18 km east - northeast of Oslo , the capital city of Norway .
The People 's National Movement ( PNM ) is the present - day governing political party in Trinidad and Tobago .
Maene is a piano and harpsichord manufacturer based in Ruiselede , Belgium .
Lesko Synagogue is a synagogue in Lesko , Poland .
Newcastle West ( Irish : an Caisleán Nua Thiar ) or simply Newcastle ( an Caisleán Nua , formerly anglicized Castlenoe ) is a town in west County Limerick , Ireland .
Égat ( Catalan : Èguet ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Abarjes ( Persian : ابرجس‎ , also Romanized as Abarjas and Abarjīs ; also known as Abrjish ) is a village in Kahak Rural District , Kahak District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
University of Isfahan ( UI ) ( Persian : دانشگاه اصفهان Dāneshgāh - e Esfāhān ) is a state - operated university in Isfahan and among the top 10 comprehensive universities of Iran .
Old Dongola ( Old Nubian : Tungul ; Arabic : Dunqulah al-ʿAjūz‎ ) is a deserted town in Sudan located on the east bank of the Nile opposite the Wadi Al - Malik .
Siteki Airfield ( ICAO : FDST ) is an airstrip serving Siteki , in Swaziland .
The Buccaneer Archipelago is a group of islands off the coast of Western Australia near the town of Derby in the Kimberley region .
Aganoa Beach is situated on the east coast of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Moretele is a town in Bojanala District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa .
Mount Goodall is a mountain in east - central British Columbia , Canada , located near the headwaters of the Clearwater River .
Aghavoher ( from Irish : Achadh an Mhothair , meaning `` field of the trees or mound '' ) is a townland in the civil parish of Tomregan , County Cavan , Ireland .
The E10 European long distance path or E10 path is one of the European long - distance paths , running from Finland through Germany , the Czech Republic , Austria , Italy and France to finish at Tarifa on the south coast of Spain .
Tutha Llipiña ( Aymara tutha moth , llipiña to catch birds with a trap , also spelled Tutallipina ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
The Korea Central Zoo , also referred to as the Pyongyang Central Zoo , is the national zoo of North Korea .
Biljača ( Cyrillic : Биљача ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ikuta Dam ( Japanese : 生田ダム ) is a dam in Nagano Prefecture , Japan .
Dovlići ( Serbian : Довлићи ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Deh Kohneh - ye Halu Saad ( Persian : ده كهنه هلو سعد‎ , also Romanized as Deh Kohneh - ye Halū Saʿad ; also known as Deh Kohneh ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Surf Snowdonia is an artificial wave pool at Dolgarrog in the Conwy valley , north Wales , owned by Conwy Adventure Leisure Ltd. It is the world 's first commercial artificial surfing lake and the United Kingdom 's only artificial surfing lake .
Dobry Brat ( ˈdɔbrɨ ˈbrat ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The West Cornwall Bryophytes Site of Special Scientific Interest is a group of seven locations of former mining activity , that form a single SSSI and Important Plant Area in western Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Urodan ( Russian : Уродан ; Sakha : Уродан ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , and one of two settlements in Berezovsky National Nomadic Rural Okrug of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , in addition to Berezovka , the administrative center of the Rural Okrug .
Ahmadabad - e Atayi ( Persian : احمدابادعطائي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e ʿAṭāyī ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zadlog ( pronounced ( ˈzaːdlɔk ) or ( zaˈdloːk ) ) is a settlement northwest of Črni Vrh in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Matihetihe is a community in the Hokianga area of Northland , New Zealand .
Rockefeller Music Hall , ordinarily referred to simply as Rockefeller , is a concert venue in downtown Oslo , Norway .
Lacs de Clairvaux are two lakes at Clairvaux - les - Lacs in the Jura department of France .
Derebeyli ( also , Derebegly ) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kristianstad Airport ( IATA : KID , ICAO : ESMK ) is situated outside Kristianstad in Scania , Sweden .
Chactunx is a settlement in the municipality of Maxcanú in Yucatán state , Mexico .
Kolpashevo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Колпашево ) ( ICAO : UNLL ) is an airport in Russia located 3 km northeast of Kolpashevo .
Arrenes ( Greek : Αρρένες ) is a former community in Kastoria regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
Stockholm ( /ˈstɒkhoʊm , -hoʊlm/ ; Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈstɔkːˈɔlm , ˈstɔkˈhɔlm ) ( pronunciation ) ) is the capital of Sweden and the most populous city in the Nordic region , with 921,504 people living in the municipality , approximately 1.4 million in the urban area , and 2.2 million in the metropolitan area .
The Snoldelev Stone , listed as DR 248 in the Rundata catalog , is a 9th - century runestone that was originally located at Snoldelev , Ramsø , Denmark .
Bechencha ( Russian : Беченча ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Bechenchinsky Rural Okrug of Lensky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 49 kilometers ( 30 mi ) from Lensk , the administrative center of the district .
Schiavi di Abruzzo is a hill town in the Apennine Mountains , in central part of the Italian Peninsula , in Italy .
Nyakibale Hospital , is a private , non - profit , community hospital , in Nyakibale , in the town of Rukungiri , in Rukungiri District , in Uganda 's Western Region .
Tasek Gelugor is the Bertam highway town that is located in North Seberang Perai , Penang , Malaysia .
The Botanischer Garten Kaiserberg ( 2 hectares ) is a botanical garden located at Schweizer Straße 24 , Duisburg , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Dusatlat ( Persian : دوست لات‎ , also Romanized as Dūsatlāt ; also known as Doselāt , Dūzārāt , and Dūzelāt ) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dəmirçidam ( also , Dəmirçidamı and Demirchidam ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Gulf of Gonâve ( French : Golfe de la Gonâve ) is a large gulf along the western coast of Haiti .
Sar Kalandan ( Persian : سركلاندن‎ , also Romanized as Sar Kalāndan ) is a village in Irafshan Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sashegy ( aka Sas - hegy , German : Adlerberg ; lit . `` Eagle Hill '' ) is a hill and neighbourhood in Budapest , Hungary .
Historic Masonic Temple of Santa Cruz de Tenerife , is a masonic temple located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife ( Canary Islands , Spain ) , on San Lucas street .
Pan Club Copenhagen ( often just referred to as Pan ) was a gay club in central Copenhagen , Denmark which closed in 2007 after having been in operation on various locations in Copenhagen since 1970 .
Gare Maritime de Dieppe was a railway station in the town of Dieppe , Seine - Maritime , France and was built by CF de l'Ouest in 1874 .
The Rewanui Branch , sometimes referred to as the Rewanui Incline and known as the Point Elizabeth Branch in its early years , was a branch line railway located in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Ciénega de Flores is a city and surrounding municipality located in Nuevo Leon , Mexico near Monterrey .
The New Tivoli Theatre , Sydney , previously known as the Adelphi Theatre and the Grand Opera House , was a theatre and music hall at 329 , Castlereagh Street , Sydney , Australia , which was long at the heart of the Tivoli circuit .
San Miguel Panán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san miˈɣel paˈnan ) ) is a municipality in the Suchitepéquez department of Guatemala .
Byala Slatina ( Bulgarian : Бяла Слатина ) is a town in Northwestern Bulgaria .
The Great Melbourne Telescope was built by Thomas Grubb in Dublin , Ireland in 1868 , and installed at the Melbourne Observatory in Melbourne , Australia in 1869 .
The Autopista AP-51 ( also known as Autopista Ávila - Villacastín and Conexión Ávila ) is an autopista in the community of Castile and León , Spain .
Budzieszowce ( bud͡ʑɛˈʂɔft͡sɛ ) ( German : Korkenhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ice Records is a record label based in Barbados owned by musician Eddy Grant .
Tabbaya , Tobbaya , طبايا ( Arabic : طبايا‎ ) is a town in the South Governorate in Lebanon .
Ammeldingen an der Our ( English : Ammeldingen on the Our ) is a municipality in the district of Bitburg - Prüm , in Rhineland - Palatinate , western Germany .
Bourseul ( Breton : Boursaout , Gallo : Bórsoeut ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in north - western France .
Posillipo is a residential quarter of Naples , southern Italy , located along the northern coast of the Gulf of Naples ; it is called Pusilleco in the Neapolitan language .
The Kiewa Hydroelectric Scheme is the largest hydro - electric scheme in Victoria and the second largest in mainland Australia after the Snowy Mountains Scheme .
Troldkirken is a Stone Age long barrow , situated near the village of Sønderholm , Denmark .
Łabapa ( waˈbapa ) ( German : Labab ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Aj Bogd ( Mongolian : Аж богд , lit . `` way of life the saint '' ) , is a mountain of the Gobi - Altai Mountains and located in the Govi - Altai Province in Mongolia .
Bratków Górny ( ˈbratkuf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Oeumsan is a mountain in the counties of Hongcheon and Hoengseong , Gangwon - do in South Korea .
Castlehill ( Irish : Caorthannán ) is a townland and village near the west coast of Lough Conn in County Mayo , Ireland .
Yau Tong Estate ( Chinese : 油塘邨 ) is a public housing estate in Yau Tong , Kwun Tong , Kowloon , Hong Kong , located near Yau Tong Station of the MTR .
Mazraeh - ye Gachi Lik ( Persian : مزرعه گچي ليك‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Gachī Līk ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Shahpur Jehanian is a town in Sindh , Pakistan between Daulatpur and Moro on the main N-5 National Highway .
Mexican Federal Highway 35 ( Carretera Federal 35 ) is the name given to two distinct highways in Mexico .
Wowetta is an indigenous village in the Upper Takutu - Upper Essequibo Region in Guyana inhabited by mostly Macushi people .
Serishabad District ( Persian : بخش سریش‌آباد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The World Pastry Cup ( French : Coupe du Monde de la Pâtisserie ) is an international pastry contest taking place every two years in Lyon , France .
Pont - Rouge is a city along the Jacques - Cartier River in southern Quebec , Canada .
Golyam Kupen ( Bulgarian : Голям Купен ) is a peak rising to 1,930 m in Vitosha Mountain , Bulgaria .
Pelathousa ( Greek : Πελαθούσα ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 5 km east of Polis Chrysochous .
Nordhavnen , or Nordhavn , is a harbour area at the coast of the Øresund , founded at the end of the 19th century in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Ydre Østerbro ( lit . English : Outer Østerbro ) is an area in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Abhaypura is a village in Nawa tehsil of Nagaur District of Rajasthan state in India , named after Maharaja Abhay Singh of Marwar .
Miniatürk is a miniature park situated at the north - eastern shore of Golden Horn in Istanbul , Turkey .
Turaida ( Livonian : Toreida , German : Treiden ; Treyden ) is a part of Sigulda in the Vidzeme Region of Latvia .
Ahmadabad - e Kalateh ( Persian : احمدابادكلاته‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Kalāteh ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mingte Dam ( Chinese : 明德水壩 ; pinyin : Míngdé Shuǐbà ) is a rockfill dam across the Laotianliao River in central Touwu Township , Miaoli County , Taiwan .
Bengkalis Regency is a regency of Indonesia in the Riau province .
Unyanyembe is a town in Tanzania ( formerly German East Africa ) .
Pandebu - Tokpombu is the eighth largest town of Sierra Leone and the second largest in the Kenema District , after its capital Kenema .
Bogor Cathedral , formally the Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary ( Indonesian : Gereja Santa Perawan Maria ) , is a historic church building in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bogor in Bogor , Java , Indonesia .
Glion Institute of Higher Education is a hospitality business school with two campuses in Switzerland and a Glion London campus in the UK .
Mau , now known as Maunath Bhanjan , is an industrial town in Uttar Pradesh , India , located nearly 120 km from Varanasi on the banks of Tamsa ( Choti Saryu ) .
Mančiagirė is a village in Varėna district municipality , in Alytus County , in southeastern Lithuania .
Cautín Province was the last area to be occupied by Chile during the occupation of the Araucanía .
The indigenous community of San Juan Soconusco ( also spelled Xoconusco ) , is located in the municipality of Donato Guerra , in the State of Mexico .
Eridu ( Cuneiform : NUN.KI 𒉣𒆠 ; Sumerian : eriduki ; Akkadian : irîtu modern Arabic : Tell Abu Shahrain ) is an archaeological site in southern Mesopotamia ( modern Dhi Qar Governorate , Iraq ) .
Wetan Island ( or Wetang Island ) is an island , part of the Babar Islands , in the Moluccas , Indonesia .
Gourin ( Breton : Gourin ) is a commune in the Morbihan département of Brittany in north - western France .
Sheykh Zaharav ( Persian : شيخ زهراو‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Zaharāv ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The mud - fort of Kuchesar tells of the chequered history of the Jats who vied with the Sikhs , Marathas , Rohillas & Rajputs , as well as with French adventurers and the British East India Company , to fill the vacuum created by the decline of the Mughal empire .
The Kan - irag Nature Park is a newly opened watershed and nature park in the uplands of Cebu City , Philippines .
Roquebrune - Cap - Martin ( Ròcabruna Caup Martin in Occitan , Roccabruna - Capo Martino in Italian ) is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes department in southeastern France between Monaco and Menton .
N'Guelbély ( also : Nguel Bely , N'Guelbeyli , N'Guel Beyli ) is a village and rural commune in Niger .
The Chott el Hodna ( Arabic : شط الحضنة‎ ) is a very shallow saline lake in Algeria .
Tisiyeh ( Persian : تيسيه‎ , also Romanized as Tīsīyeh ; also known as Tasīyeh , Teseyeh , and Tesīh ) is a village in Kateh Sar - e Khomam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The German Speleological Federation ( German : Verband der deutschen Höhlen- und Karstforscher or VdHK ) is an umbrella organisation for speleologists in Germany and a point of contact for the issues connected with caves and karst landscapes .
Villa O'Higgins is a small town in the Aysén Region of southern Chile , located 220 km south of Cochrane and 550 km south of Coyhaique .
The Gothenburg School of Business , Economics and Law at the University of Gothenburg ( Swedish : Handelshögskolan vid Göteborgs universitet ) is a business school in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Zbrui ( Ukrainian : Збруї ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Pobiel ( ˈpɔbjɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
RandstadRail is a public transportation rapid transit network in the southern part of the Randstad conurbation in the west of the Netherlands , connecting The Hague , Zoetermeer and Rotterdam .
Lillgrund Wind Farm is located about 10 km off the coast of southern Sweden , just south of the Öresund Bridge , where average wind speeds are 8 to 10 metres per second ( 26 to 33 ft / s ) .
Weather data has been recorded at Parks Canada in Ingonish Beach since 1950 .
Bakhmach ( Ukrainian : Бахмач ) is a city located in the Chernihiv Oblast ( province ) , in northern Ukraine .
Cham Seyl ( Persian : چم سيل‎ ; also known as Sorkheh Mehr and Sorkheh Mehrī ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Guatavita is a municipality and town of Colombia in the Guavio Province of the Cundinamarca department .
Since 2008 Bassivity Music is transformed in to Bassivity Music Group operating as international company with two branches Bassivity Digital - record label and production based in Belgrade , Serbia .
Pucking is a small town in the Linz - Land district in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
The Feldalphorn , also known as the Feldalpenhorn , is a 1,923 m above sea level ( AA ) high mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in Tyrol , Austria .
Mayerling is a small village ( pop : 200 ) in Lower Austria belonging to the municipality of Alland in the district of Baden .
El Calabozo cove is a coastal accident located at northern tip of South America , at western Gulf of Venezuela , the country 's namesake .
Dasht - e Ban ( Persian : دشت بن‎ ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kouloudiengué is village and principal settlement ( chef - lieu ) of the commune of Gomitradougou in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Moose Lake ( Lodge ) Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CBE8 ) , is located on Moose Lake , British Columbia , Canada .
Bildirçinli ( also , Bildirchinli ) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gera Midirna Keya Gebriel ( `` Gera Midir and Keya Gebriel '' ) was one of the 105 woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
The State Duma ( Russian : Госуда́рственная ду́ма ( Gosudarstvennaya Duma ) , common abbreviation : Госду́ма ( Gosduma ) ) in the Russian Federation is the lower house of the Federal Assembly of Russia ( legislature ) , the upper house being the Federation Council of Russia .
Nowa Brzeźnica ( ˈnɔva bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa ) is a village in Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Prężynka ( prɛ̃ˈʐɨnka ) ( German : Klein Pramsen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Nofaroj is a town and jamoat in north - western Tajikistan .
Nguruman Escarpment is an escarpment in southern Kenya .
Mielec County ( Polish : powiat mielecki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland .
Greek National Road 27 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 27 , abbreviated as EO27 ) is a single carriageway road in central Greece .
Ahelaid is a small uninhabited islet in Estonia .
Bad Wurzach is a small town in southern Germany , in the state of Baden - Württemberg .
Morombe ( murumˈbe ) is a coastal city ( commune urbaine ) in Atsimo - Andrefana Region , Madagascar .
Peterborough City Hospital in the United Kingdom is the new acute general district hospital serving the city of Peterborough and north Cambridgeshire , areas of east Northamptonshire and Rutland run by Peterborough and Stamford Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust .
Hipodromo do Cristal ( Cristal Racecourse ) is the most important center of horse racing in the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Galuanta ( Georgian : გულუანთა ) is a settlement in the Gori district of Georgia .
Haute Vallée de Chevreuse Regional Natural Park ( French : Parc naturel régional de la haute vallée de Chevreuse ) is a protected area in the Île - de - France region of northern France .
The Biografisch Portaal ( Biography Portal ) is an initiative based at the Huygens Institute for Dutch History in The Hague , with the aim of making biographical texts of the Netherlands more accessible .
Telkwa is a village located along British Columbia Highway 16 , nearly 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southeast of the town of Smithers and 350 kilometres ( 220 mi ) west of the city of Prince George , in northwest British Columbia , Canada .
Visby Airport ( IATA : VBY , ICAO : ESSV ) , is located about 3.5 kilometres ( 2.2 mi ) north of Visby , Gotland , Sweden .
Valpaços ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˌvaɫˈpasuʃ ) ) is a municipality in northern Portugal .
The Buchanan Highway , Northern Territory , Australia runs west from Dunmarra on the Stuart Highway crossing the Buntine Highway at Top Springs and eventually connecting with the Victoria Highway near Timber Creek .
Lake Pohorile ( Ukrainian : озеро Погоріле , means ' burn lake ' ) is a lake in the south - western Ukraine , in the delta of the Dniester River .
Stefanów Barczewski Drugi ( stɛˈfanuf barˈt͡ʂɛfski ˈdruɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kolonia Przerośl ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈpʂɛrɔɕl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
San Antonio La Paz ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san anˈtonjo la pas ) ) is a municipality in the El Progreso department of Guatemala .
Kadijan ( Persian : كاديجان‎ , also Romanized as Kādījān ) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Diario Democracia is a Spanish daily newspaper published from Junin , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
San Francisco El Alto ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sam fɾanˈsisko el ˈalto ) ) is a municipality in the Totonicapán department of Guatemala .
Tell Ezou is a prehistoric , Neolithic tell , about 2 hectares ( 220,000 sq ft ) in size , located between Krak des Chevaliers and Homs , in Syria .
Klonówiec ( klɔˈnuvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
New North Klang Straits Bypass is an expressway in Klang , Selangor , Malaysia .
University Hill Secondary School , generally known as U - Hill or Uhill , is a public secondary school located in the University Endowment Lands , just west of the city limits of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The Ludus Magnus or The Great Gladiatorial Training School is the largest of the gladiatorial arenas in Rome , Italy .
Drøno ( also spelled Drøna or Drøni ) is an island in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Chalky , Big Green and Badger Island Groups Important Bird Area lies in eastern Bass Strait west of Flinders in the Furneaux Group of Tasmania , Australia .
Jangikhu ( Persian : جنگيخو‎ , also Romanized as Jangīkhū ; also known as Jangī Khūn and Jangīkhūn ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Pojejena ( Romanian : Pojejena , pronounced ( poʒeʒena ) ; Serbian : Пожежена or Požežena ; Hungarian : Alsópozsgás ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , Romania .
During the Soviet occupation of Estonia , Klooga training area was one of the Soviet Army motorized rifle divisions military campus with the area of 1373 ha .
Sierra de Albarracín Comarca is a comarca in the Province of Teruel , Aragon region , northeastern Spain .
Ineši parish ( Latvian : Inešu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Vecpiebalga Municipality , Latvia .
Yuxarı Uzunoba ( also , Uzun - Oba - Yukhari and Yukhary Uzunoba ) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Cilən ( Armenian : Սարալանջ , Saralanj ) ( also , Dgilan , Dzhilan , and Jilan ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The New National Agenda ( NNA ) is a set of policies and objectives devised by the ruling party of Malaysia , UMNO , as a fresh means to continue the Malaysian New Economic Policy under prime minister Abdullah Badawi .
The Vrijzinnige Geloofsgemeenschap NPB ( English : Liberal Community of Faith NBP ) is a Christian denomination in the Netherlands , a member of the Dutch Raad van Kerken ( English : Council of Churches ) and the International Association for Religious Freedom .
Rydzewo - Świątki ( rɨˈd͡zɛvɔ ˈɕfjɔntki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hengsberg is a municipality in the district of Leibnitz in Styria , in southeast Austria .
Imja Glacier ( Nepali : इम्जा हिमनदी ) is located in the Himalayas , in the Solukhumbu District of Nepal .
Bamako is the capital and largest city of Mali , with a population of 1.8 million ( 2009 census , provisional ) .
The ruin of Madenburg Castle is one of the biggest and oldest castle complexes in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Hoseyniyeh - ye Khazir ( Persian : حسينيه خضير‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh - ye Khazīr and Ḩoseynīyeh - ye Kheẕayer ) is a village in Azadeh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Trapene Parish ( Latvian : Trapenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Ape Municipality , Latvia .
The Pontifical University of John Paul II ( Polish : Uniwersytet Papieski Jana Pawła II w Krakowie ) is an academic institution located in Kraków , Poland , that offers graduate degrees in theology , philosophy , and church history .
Binondo Church , also known as Minor Basilica of Saint Lorenzo Ruiz and Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary Parish ( Spanish : Parroquia Basílica de San Lorenzo Ruiz y Nuestra Señora del Santísimo Rosario ) , is located in the District of Binondo , Manila fronting Plaza San Lorenzo Ruiz , in the Philippines .
Santa Maria del Soccorso a Capodimonte is a Neoclassic - style Roman Catholic church in the Capodimonte Neighborhood of Naples , Italy .
Aisonia ( Greek : Αισωνία ) is a former municipality in Magnesia , Thessaly , Greece .
Alexandria University ( Arabic : جامعة الإسكندرية‎ ) is a public research university in Alexandria , Egypt .
Río Colorado Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Río Colorado , IATA : COL , ICAO : SAZQ ) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) west of Río Colorado , Río Negro , Argentina .
Miłochowice ( miwɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tiergartenstraße is a street in the Tiergarten district in central Berlin , the capital of Germany .
Gampola ( Sinhala:ගම්පොල , Tamil:கம்பளை ) is a town located in Kandy District , Central Province , Sri Lanka , governed by an Urban Council .
Leskovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лесковац , pronounced ( lě̞skɔ̝v̞at͡s ) ) is a city in southern Serbia .
Jędrychówko ( jɛndrɨˈxufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rdzuchów ( ˈrd͡zuxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nikozi is a village in central Georgia ( shida kartli ) near the Russian and south Ossetian military forces ' check - point .
Shalem College ( Hebrew : המרכז האקדמי שלם‎ , ha - Merkaz ha - Akademi Shalem ) is Israel 's first liberal arts college , located in Jerusalem , Israel .
Shirah Choqa - ye Chalanchi ( Persian : شيره چقاچالانچي‎ , also Romanized as Shīrah Choqā - ye Chālānchī ; also known as Shīrah Choqā ) is a village in Sarab Rural District , in the Central District of Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Pagėgiai ( pronunciation , German : Pogegen ) is a city in the south western Lithuania .
Madingley is a village near Coton and Dry Drayton on the western outskirts of Cambridge in the United Kingdom .
Malekan ( Turkish : melik kendi ; also Romanized as Malekān ; formerly , Malik Kandi ( ترکی آذربایجانی : مَلِك كَندی ) , also Romanized as Malek Kandī and Malikkand ) is a city in and the capital of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Medupi Power Station is a dry - cooled coal - fired power station being built by Eskom near Lephalale in Limpopo province , South Africa .
New Scene ( Slovak : Nová scéna , abr . ND ) is a theatre located in Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia .
Bruatorpsån or Torsåsån is a river in Sweden .
The Lojsta Lakes ( Swedish : Lojstasjöarna ) ( sometimes referred to as the Lojsta Lake ) ( Gutnish : Lojsta träsk ) are five lakes in Lojsta and Stånga sockens , Gotland , Sweden .
Nové Hony ( Hungarian : Kétkeresztúr ) is a village and municipality in Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
Farsan ( Persian : فارسان‎ , also Romanized as Fārsān ; also known as Fārsā , Fārsīān , and Farsūn ) is a city in and the capital of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Canton of Angers - Centre is a former French canton located in the Maine - et - Loire département of France , in the arrondissement of Angers .
Stopnica ( stɔpˈnit͡sa ) is a town in Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Nea Krini ( Greek : Νέα Κρήνη , English : Νew Crene ) is a district of the municipality of Kalamaria , Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece .
The Buila - Vânturarița National Park ( Romanian : Parcul Naţional Buila - Vânturariţa ) ( national park category II IUCN ) is a protected area situated in Romania , in the central - northern part of Vâlcea County , in administrative territory of localities Costeşti , Bărbăteşti and Băile Olăneşti .
Chiradzulu Mountain is located approximately 20 km to the north - east of Blantyre , Malawi 's main commercial centre .
The Pontifical Gregorian University ( Italian : Pontificia Università Gregoriana ; also known as the Gregorianum , or the PUG , or Greg ) is a pontifical university located in Rome , Italy .
Kundasang is a town in the district of Ranau in Sabah , Malaysia that lies along the bank of Kundasang Valley .
Zardui ( Persian : زردويي‎ , also Romanized as Zardū’ī ; also known as Ravān , Ravān - e Zardowī , Ravān - e Zardū’ī , Ravān Zardū’ī , Ravān Zardū’ī , and Rawān Zarūdeh ) is a village in Makvan Rural District , Bayangan District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Red Beach Base Area ( also known as Camp JJ Books , Camp Haskins , Camp Viking , Paddock Compound or Red Beach Camp ) is a complex of former U.S. Marines , Navy and Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) logistics and support bases northwest of Danang .
KK Women 's and Children 's Hospital ( abbreviation : KKH ; Chinese : 竹脚妇幼医院 ; Malay : Hospital Wanita dan Kanak - kanak Kandang Kerbau ) , formerly known as `` Kandang Kerbau Hospital '' , is the largest hospital specialising in healthcare for women and children in Singapore .
Miranda Dam ( Portuguese : Barragem de Miranda ) is a concrete buttress dam on the Douro , where the river forms the national border line between Spain and Portugal .
The Statue of Lenin in Kharkiv was a sculpture monument to Vladimir Lenin , located in the Freedom Square , Kharkiv , Ukraine .
Redbank Power Station is located near Singleton , in the Hunter Region , New South Wales , Australia .
Pyasina River ( Russian : Пясина ) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
Central Moravia ( Střední Morava ) is an area of the Czech Republic defined by the Republic 's Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics , level NUTS 2 .
The Tisza Dam , also known as the Kisköre Dam is a gravity dam on the Tisza River near Kisköre in Heves county , Hungary .
The Stadium of Domitian ( Italian : Stadio di Domiziano ) , also known as the Circus Agonalis , was located to the north of the Campus Martius in Rome , Italy .
Caucasia , Antioquia is a municipality located in the subregion of Bajo Cauca Antioquia department , in Colombia .
Buenavista Station is a passenger rail station in Mexico City .
Tonggu County ( simplified Chinese : 铜鼓县 ; traditional Chinese : 銅鼓縣 ; pinyin : Tónggǔ Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Tekirdağ ( pronounced ( tekiɾdaɣ ) ; see also its other names ) , is a city in Turkey .
Todi is a town and comune ( municipality ) of the province of Perugia ( region of Umbria ) in central Italy .
Rumunki Głodowskie ( ruˈmuŋki ɡwɔˈdɔfskʲɛ ) ( German : Loden - Räumung ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Taipei Metro Hongshulin Station is located in the sea - side district of Tamsui in New Taipei , Taiwan .
Kauntrila ( sometimes spelled Kuntrila ) ( Urdu:کونتريله ) is the name of a village and union council of Gujar Khan Tehsil in Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Aftabru ( Persian : افتابرو‎ , also Romanized as Āftābrū ) is a village in Alvir Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Gover Stream ( Cornish : Gover , meaning stream ) is an approximately 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) long stream located in mid south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Padmapuram Gardens is a tourist attraction in the Araku valley in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Nanchari Madur is one of the villages in thorrur mandal , and a town in Warangal district of Telangana , India .
Krnjak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Крњак ) is a village and a municipality in Karlovac County , Croatia .
Montbard ( French : ( mɔ̃.baʁ ) ) is a commune and subprefecture of the Côte - d'Or department in the Bourgogne region in eastern France .
Hillsong Brisbane Campus ( formerly Garden City Christian Church ) is an interstate campus of Sydney based Hillsong Church , a Pentecostal Christian church affiliated with Australian Christian Churches , the Assemblies of God in Australia .
In 2007 the Port of Naples handled 20,269,163 tonnes of cargo and 460,812 TEU 's making it one of the busiest cargo ports in Italy and one of the largest container ports in the country .
Nea Ionia ( Greek : Νέα Ιωνία , meaning New Ionia ) is a northern suburb of Athens , Greece , and a municipality of the Attica region .
Erebato River is a river of Venezuela , tributary of the Caura River .
Mataqucha ( Quechua mata united , qucha lake , `` united lake '' , hispanicized spellings Matacocha , Matacochas ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high , at a small lake of the same name .
Jardines de Pando is a suburb of the city of Pando in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay .
The University of Karbala is a university located in the city of Karbala , Iraq .
Deh Barin ( Persian : ده برين‎ , also Romanized as Deh Barīn and Dehbarīn ) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Séd is a river in western Hungary , north of Lake Balaton .
Dhulikhel is the administrative centre of Kavrepalanchowk District , Nepal .
Marijina Vas ( pronounced ( maˈɾiːjina ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Marijina vas ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
The Kirchlispitzen ( 2,552 m ) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps , located on the border between Austria and Switzerland .
Bruzual is a city in Apure State in Venezuela , and the shire town of Muñoz Municipality .
Karanji Lake ( Kannada : ಕಾರಂಜಿ ಕೆರೆ ) is a lake located in the city of Mysore in the state of Karnataka , India .
The Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences ( previously known as the Fachhochschule Frankfurt am Main ) is a public University of Applied Sciences in Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
J. Percy Page High School is a high school located in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada in the southern neighbourhood of Mill Woods .
The Chang - Gu World Trade Center ( Chinese : 長谷世貿聯合國大樓 ; pinyin : Zhǎnggǔ Shìmào Liánhéguó Dàlóu ) , also known as Grand 50 Tower , is a 222 metres ( 728 ft ) tall skyscraper in Sanmin District of Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
The Orinoco Delta is a vast river delta of the Orinoco River , located in eastern Venezuela .
The Angitis ( Greek : Αγγίτης ) , also known as Angista and Dramatitsa is a tributary of the River Strymonas in Northern Greece .
Kavaruiyeh ( Persian : كواروئيه‎ , also Romanized as Kavārū’īyeh ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Harambašići ( Serbian : Харамбашићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vremski Britof ( pronounced ( ˈwreːmski ˈbriːtɔf ) ; Italian : Cave Auremiane ) is a village on an elevation above the banks of the Reka River in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The 2011 India census reported that Dum Dum had a population of 117,637 .
A vital industrial centre of Soviet Ukraine , Dnipropetrovsk was one of the key centres of the nuclear , arms , and space industries of the Soviet Union .
S. M. Dedicated High School ( commonly known as SMD High School and SMD School ) is a private K-12 , co - educational school located in Srinagar city at Munawar - abad , India .
Stupné ( Hungarian : Osztopna ) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia in Považie region .
The Mannheim School of Social Sciences ( MSSS ) is the among the oldest of the five schools comprising the University of Mannheim , located in Mannheim , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Ratanska Vas ( Slovene : Ratanska vas ) is a settlement immediately north of Rogaška Slatina in eastern Slovenia .
RAF Amarda Road is a former wartime Royal Air Force ( RAF ) airfield located near Rasgovindpur village in Mayurbhanj district of Odisha , India .
The Corowa Chronicle was an English language newspaper published in Corowa , New South Wales , Australia from 1905 - 1928 .
Glückstadt ( Danish : Lykstad ) is a town in the Steinburg district of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Bahmer is a town in the Sahara Desert of Southern central Algeria , the Adrar Province .
Luxettipet or Lakshettipet is a village and a Mandal in Adilabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Malahide Community School ( MCS ; Irish : Pobalscoil Íosa ) is a co - educational , inclusive secondary school located in Malahide , County Dublin , Ireland that welcomes pupils of all religious denominations .
B Plus is a Belgian non profit organization which promotes tolerance and solidarity between the communities of Belgium .
Kolluk ( Persian : كلوك‎ , also Romanized as Kollūk ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Scapoli is a town and comune located in province of Isernia , which is part of the region of Molise , southern Italy .
Gayanjeh ( Persian : گاينجه‎ , also Romanized as Gāyanjeh ) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Lamington Party ( TLP ) , a political party in Queensland , Australia , was formed in December 2012 .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammad ( Persian : مزرعه محمد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammad ) is a village in Jabal Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The German Communist Party ( German : Deutsche Kommunistische Partei , DKP ) is a minor communist party in Germany .
Karlskrona ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈkɑːɭsˌkruːna ) ) is a locality and the seat of Karlskrona Municipality , Blekinge County , Sweden with 35,212 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Buxton Memorial Fountain is a memorial and drinking fountain in London , the United Kingdom , that commemorates the emancipation of slaves in the British Empire in 1834 .
Rancagua ( Spanish pronunciation : ( raŋˈkaɣwa ) ) is a city and commune in central Chile and part of the Rancagua conurbation .
The Horezu Monastery or Hurezi Monastery was founded in 1690 by Prince Constantin Brâncoveanu in the town of Horezu , Wallachia , Romania .
A village , Karaundi , about 40 km from Sihora , near the village of Paan Umaria is considered to be centre point of post - partition India ( pre - partition centre point is at Nagpur ) .
The Wittekindsberg is a hill , 281.48 m above sea level ( NN ) , which forms the easternmost peak of the Wiehen Hills ( German : Wiehengebirge ) and is also the western guardian of the Weser gorge , the Porta Westfalica , in North Rhine - Westphalia ( Germany ) .
Sutanuti ( Bengali : সুতানুটি ) was one of the three villages which were merged to form the city of Kolkata ( formerly Calcutta ) in India .
Ilharre ( Basque : Ilharre ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
The Diocese of Oulu ( Finnish : Oulun hiippakunta ) is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland .
Termas del Arapey ( which means Hot Springs of Arapey ) is a resort village in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay .
Sahneh County ( Persian : شهرستان صحنه‎ ) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran .
Puvirnituq ( Inuktitut : ᐳᕕᕐᓂᑐᖅ ) is a northern village ( Inuit community ) in Nunavik on the Povungnituk River near its mouth on the Hudson Bay in northern Quebec , Canada .
Sakété I is an arrondissement in the Plateau department of Benin .
Nainwan is a tehsil of district Bundi ) and a municipality in the Hadoti region of Rajasthan state in northwest India .
Dar Chenarak ( Persian : درچنارك‎ , also Romanized as Dar Chenārak ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Kvikne Copper Works at Kvikne in Hedmark , Norway were operated from 1630 , and were the largest copper works in Norway in the mid-17th century .
The Rathaus Spandau is the town hall of the borough of Spandau in the western suburbs of Berlin , the capital city of Germany .
Darreh Sir ( Persian : دره سير‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Sīr and Darrahsīr ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Giah Dowran ( Persian : گياه دوران‎ , also Romanized as Gīāh Darvān , Gīāh Dowrān , and Gīyāh Dowrān ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Évriguet ( Evriged in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Shoshanat HaAmakim ( Hebrew : שׁוֹשַׁנַּת הָעֲמָקִים , lit . Lily of the Valleys ) is a communal settlement in central Israel .
Pinneberg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈpʰɪnəbɛɐ̯k ) ) is a town in Schleswig - Holstein , capital of the district Pinneberg in Germany .
Emirates Hills ( Arabic : تلال الإمارات‎ ) is a gated community located in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Avenches District is a former district of the Canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Pera Pedi ( Greek : Πέρα Πεδί ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 4 km south - east of Pano Platres .
The La Viña Dam , officially known as the Antonio Medina Allende Dam , is an arch dam on the Los Sauces River in San Alberto Department of Córdoba Province , Argentina .
The Aboriginal Justice Implementation Commission was created by the Government of Manitoba , Canada in November , 1999 , and issued its final report on June 29 , 2001 .
Fuhua Secondary School ( abbreviation : FHSS ; Simplified Chinese : 辅华中学 ) is a secondary school located in Jurong West , in the western part of Singapore .
Mount Hutt rises to the west of the Canterbury Plains in the South Island of New Zealand , above the braided upper reaches of the Rakaia River , and 80 kilometres west of Christchurch .
Giesecke Glacier ( Danish : Giesecke brær ) is a glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Alija del Infantado ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈlixa ðel imfanˈtaðo ) ) is a municipality which is part of Tierra de La Bañeza comarca , autonomous community of Castile and León , Spain .
Trzy Korony ( English : Three Crowns , Slovak : Tri koruny ) is the summit of the Three Crowns Massif , an independent portion of a range called Pieniny Mountains in the south of Poland .
Bakharz County ( Persian : شهرستان باخزر‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
Brvanci ( Cyrillic : Брванци ) is a village in the municipality of Jajce , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tovata is one of three confederacies comprising the Fijian House of Chiefs , to which all of Fiji 's chiefs belong .
Darb - e Anarestan ( Persian : درب انارستان‎ , also Romanized as ' Darb - e Anārestān ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cristo del Pacífico , `` the Christ of the Pacific '' , is a 37 metre high statue of Jesus erected in Lima , Peru , in 2011 .
Kartik Swami is the former name of the Village Development Committee of Jumla , a market center in Chandannath Municipality in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north - western Nepal .
Czerwięcice ( t͡ʂɛrvjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Saussemesnil or Sauxemesnil or Sauxemesnil - Ruffosses is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north - western France .
Vierraden is known for growing tobacco , the area of the Eastern Uckermark is one of the few places in Germany to do so .
Ragdaf ( Persian : رگ دف‎ , also Romanized as Rag Daf ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The 1974 FIFA World Cup , the tenth staging of the World Cup , was held in West Germany ( including West Berlin ) from 13 June to 7 July .
The Mauritshuis ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmʌurɪtsɦœys ) ; English : Maurice House ) is an art museum in The Hague in the Netherlands .
After this controversial merger a consortium of Professors and Directors of Research Centres ( at ICU ) in South Korea founded The Information and Communications University ( ICU ) to perpetuate the legacy and continuity of the Information and Communications University through international training and distance education , with its subsidiary in Zambia ( ICU Zambia ) .
Higab ( previously Higabgruppen ; English : Higab Group ) is a municipal company wholly owned by Gothenburg Municipality in Sweden .
Métlaoui ( Tunisian Arabic : متلوي‎ mitlawī ) is a town and commune in the Gafsa Governorate , Tunisia .
Sonnjoch ( 2,457 m ) is a mountain of the Karwendel range in the Northern Limestone Alps in Tyrol , Austria .
Przeginia Duchowna ( pʂɛˈɡiɲa duˈxɔvna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Rancho Dolores is a village in Belize District , Belize about 45 miles from Belize City .
The Kawerau Power Station is a 100-megawatt geothermal power plant located just outside the town of Kawerau in the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand .
Spira Footwear Inc. , best known as simply Spira , is an American footwear manufacturer based in the El Paso , Texas , United States of America .
Woodroofe ( often shortened to Woodies ) is a brand of soft drinks in South Australia .
Bischbrunn is a community with around 1,800 ( 2013 ) inhabitants in the Main - Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia ( Unterfranken ) in Bavaria , Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( Administrative Community ) of Marktheidenfeld .
Semifonte was a fortified city in Tuscany , Italy , built during the late 12th century and destroyed after a siege by Florence in 1202 .
Pesan ( Persian : پسان‎ , also Romanized as Pesān ; also known as Yesān ) is a village in Targavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Iglunga ( previously : Iglungayut ) was an Inuit settlement , now uninhabited , in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The Ribble Steam Railway is a standard gauge preserved railway in Lancashire , in the United Kingdom .
Nasrabad - e Malek ( Persian : ناصرابادملك‎ , also Romanized as Nāṣrābād - e Malek ; also known as Dehnow - e Khān ( Persian : دهنوخان ) ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ziarlu ( Persian : زيارلو‎ , also Romanized as Zīārlū ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rodynske ( Ukrainian : Родинське , Russian : Родинское ) is a city in Krasnoarmiisk Municipality , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Kingston Collegiate and Vocational Institute ( K.C.V.I. ) is a secondary school in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Wrzeszczyn ( ˈvʐɛʂt͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Boberullersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów Sudecki , within Jelenia Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Querétaro Intercontinental Airport , Aeropuerto Intercontinental de Querétaro ( IATA : QRO , ICAO : MMQT ) , is an international airport located in the Municipalities of Colón and El Marqués , Querétaro , Mexico .
The Mariupol Shipyard ( Ukrainian : Маріупольський морський торговельний порт ) is located in Mariupol , Ukraine and is the largest repair facility of its class on the Sea of Azov .
Kimanis is a fully integrated township and also a parliamentary constituency in the West Coast Division of Sabah , Malaysia .
Stochov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈstoxof ) ; German : Stochau ) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
Tarinkot Airport ( IATA : TII , ICAO : OATN ) is a domestic airport located in southeastern Afghanistan , one mile ( 2 km ) south of Tarinkot , the capital city of the province of Urozgan .
Bessów ( ˈbɛssuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Mišji Dol ( pronounced ( ˈmiːʃji ˈdoːu̯ ) ; German : Mausthal ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
The Tour Majunga is a building under interior completion in La Défense , near Paris , in France .
The Polidor remains a popular restaurant on the Left Bank , particularly among students at the nearby University of Paris ( Sorbonne ) and Collège de France .
Ternitz is a town and municipality ( 14,823 inhabitants end 2014 ) in the district of Neunkirchen in the Austrian state of Lower Austria , situated at the confluence of the Sierning stream and the River Schwarza , at the western end of the Steinfeld plain .
Börde Wanzleben was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district of Börde ( district ) , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Atherton Tableland is a fertile plateau which is part of the Great Dividing Range in Queensland , Australia .
Palatrussardi was an indoor arena located in Milan , Italy .
Teatro Stabile d'Abruzzo ( TSA ) is a theatre based in L'Aquila , Abruzzo , Italy which was formed in 2000 .
Shigar River ( Urdu : دریائے شگر‎ ) is located in Baltistan , Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Yokkaichi Dome is a multi - purpose indoor sporting arena located in Yokkaichi , Mie Prefecture , Japan .
Golub - Dobrzyń County ( Polish : powiat golubsko - dobrzyński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
Podkamennaya Tunguska Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Подкаменная Тунгуска ) ( IATA : TGP , ICAO : UNIP ) is an airport serving the Podkamennaya Tunguska and Bor villages in Turukhansky District , Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
Sant Joan d'Alacant ( Valencian pronunciation : ( saɲ dʒuˈan dalaˈkant ) , Spanish : San Juan de Alicante ) is a municipality belonging to Alicante metropolitan area , in the southeast of Valencian Community , Spain .
Jüdischer Friedhof Köln - Bocklemünd is a cemetery in Cologne , Germany .
Villa General Belgrano , a small mountain village of 6,260 inhabitants is named after the creator of the Argentine flag Manuel Belgrano and located in a lush green valley of Calamuchita in the hills in the Province of Córdoba in central Argentina .
Ružica Church ( Serbian : Црква Ружица , Little Rose Church ) is a Serbian Orthodox church located in the Kalemegdan Fortress , in Belgrade , Serbia .
Medulin ( Italian : Medolino ) is a small town and municipality in the southern part of the Istrian peninsula in Croatia .
Bom Jesus da Lapa Airport ( IATA : LAZ , ICAO : SBLP ) is the airport serving Bom Jesus da Lapa , Brazil .
The necropolis of Sheikh Abd el - Qurna ( Arabic : شيخ عبدالقرنة‎ ) is located on the West Bank at Thebes in Upper Egypt .
Harbord Collegiate Institute ( H.C.I. or Harbord ) is a public secondary school located in downtown Toronto , Canada .
The Dall River is a river in northern British Columbia , Canada , flowing northwest into the Turnagain River , a tributary of the Kechika , to the west of Mount Skook Davidson .
Zürich Airport ( German : Flughafen Zürich , IATA : ZRH , ICAO : LSZH ) , also known as Kloten Airport , is the largest international airport of Switzerland and the principal hub of Swiss International Air Lines .
Namrole Airport ( IATA : NRE , ICAO : WAPG ) is an airport on Buru island , which is one of the Maluku Islands in Indonesia .
Sedrata ( Arabic : سدراتة‎ ) is a municipality and large city in Souk Ahras Province , Algeria , capital of Sedrata District .
Jiangle County ( simplified Chinese : 将乐县 ; traditional Chinese : 將樂縣 ; pinyin : Jiānglè Xiàn ) is a county of western Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
The Château de Keriolet is a castle built in the 19th century in Concarneau ( France ) .
Hovtun ( Armenian : Հովտուն ; formerly , Baytar and Alakilisa ) ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Rousínov ( German : Neu Raußnitz ( Neu Rausnitz , Neu - Raußnitz , Neu - Rausnitz ) , Neurausnitz ) is a town in the South Moravian Region , Czech Republic .
Wojnachy ( vɔi̯ˈnaxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Arganda del Rey ( Spanish pronunciation : ( arˈɣanda ðel rei ) ) is a municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain .
Kotorów ( kɔˈtɔruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Laxardal is a region in northwestern Iceland .
The MacArthur Landing Memorial National Park ( also known as the Leyte Landing Memorial Park and MacArthur Park ) is a protected area of the Philippines that commemorates the historic landing of General Douglas MacArthur in Leyte Gulf at the start of the campaign to recapture and liberate the Philippines from Japanese occupation on 20 October 1944 .
Las Khorey ( Somali : Laasqoray , Arabic : لاسقُرَى‎ Lāsqoray ) is an ancient coastal city in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Jomfrubråten is a residential area of Nordstrand in Oslo , Norway .
Hasan Kusej ( Persian : حسن كوسج‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Kūsej , Hasan Koosej , and Ḩasan Kūsaj ) is a village in Haram Rud - e Sofla Rural District , Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Baron Swansea , of Singleton in the County of Glamorgan , is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom and held by a branch of the Vivian family .
Imeni Babushkina ( Russian : имени Бабушкина ) , formerly Ledengskoye ( Russian : Леденгское ) , is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Babushkinsky District of Vologda Oblast , Russia , located on the banks of the Ledenga River .
Clonoulty - Rossmore GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the parish of Clonoulty and Rossmore , and Ballagh and Goolds Cross and half of the rest of West Tipperary eleven miles from Cashel , County Tipperary in Ireland .
Nové Bránice , until 1947 Německé Bránice ( German : Deutsch Branitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Brno - Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Allahiabad ( Persian : الهي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Allahīābād ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Isonyin is a small town in Ogun State , Nigeria located about 8 kilometers from Ijebu Ode .
Novodruzhesk ( Ukrainian : Новодружеськ , Russian : Новодружеск ) is a city in Lysychansk Municipality , Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Shusef Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شوسف‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Qarasüleymanlı ( also , Karasuleymanly ) is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sheriff Street ( Irish : Sráid an tSirriam ) , known by locals as `` Sheriffer , '' or `` The Street '' is a small area in the north inner city of Dublin , Ireland , lying between East Wall and North Wall and often considered to be part of the latter .
Qomik - e Bozorg ( Persian : قميك بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Qomīk - e Bozorg ; also known as Qomīk and Qom Yek ) is a village in Qaqazan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Birinci Şordəhnə ( also , Shordakhna Pervoye , Shordekhna Pervoye , and Shordekhne ) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Norfolk Air was an airline based on Norfolk Island , it was operating department of the Administration of Norfolk Island , flights were operated by Our Airline ( formerly Air Nauru ) and operating under an Australia Airline Operators Certificate .
Tutoran Dap ( Persian : توتراندپ‎ , also Romanized as Tūtorān Dap ; also known as Tūtorān , Tūtrūn , and Tūţūrān ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sierra de las Nieves is a mountain range of the Penibaetic System in Málaga Province , Andalusia , Spain .
Kao Yuan University ( KYU ; Chinese : 高苑科技大學 ) is a university in Lujhu District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
The Fitzroy Gardens are 26 hectares ( 64 acres ) located on the southeastern edge of the Melbourne Central Business District in East Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Misrod is a suburb of southern region of Bhopal , India .
Mekavci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мекавци ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bitterfeld ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbɪtɐfɛlt ) ) is a town in the district Anhalt - Bitterfeld , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
İkinci İpək ( also İpək-2 ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Anna Paulowna ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
Veryan is a coastal civil parish and a village on the Roseland Peninsula in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Zerkalʹnaya struya ( Russian : Зеркальная струя ) or Dzerkalʹnyi struminʹ ( Ukrainian : Дзеркальний струмінь ) is a fountain in Kharkiv , Ukraine .
The Drechttunnel is an underground motorway tunnel in Netherlands .
The Temiscaming Titans ( French : Les Titans de Témiscaming ) are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Témiscaming , Quebec , Canada .
Ali Mohammad Zeytun ( Persian : عليمحمد زيتون‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlī Moḥammad Zeytūn ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Inishtrahull ( Irish : Inis Trá Tholl , meaning `` island of the hollow / empty beach '' ) is the most northerly island of Ireland .
Krzypnica ( kʂɨpˈnit͡sa ) ( formerly German Kranzfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Wat Lok Moli ( Thai : วัดโลกโมฬี , sometimes also seen written as Wat Lok Molee ) is a Buddhist temple ( Thai language : Wat ) in Chiang Mai , northern Thailand .
Kviteseid Church ( Norwegian : Kviteseid kirke or Kviteseid kyrkje ) , also known as Kviteseid New Church , is a church in Kviteseid in Telemark , Norway .
Stadio del Ghiaccio Gianmario Scola is an indoor sporting arena in Canazei , Italy .
The Chiaia Funicular ( Italian : Funicolare Chiaia ) is a funicular railway line that forms part of the public transport system for the city of Naples , Italy .
Herføl is a populated island in the municipality of Hvaler , Norway .
Boronów ( bɔˈrɔnuf ) is a village in Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Raiymbek District ( Kazakh : Райымбек ауданы ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan .
Kinabatangan is a district and town located in Sandakan Division , in the east of Sabah , Malaysia on the island of Borneo .
Przekop ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈpʂɛkɔp ) ) , ( German : Weichseldurchstich ) located in Poland , is a branch of the Vistula river in its delta .
Farmakas ( Greek : Φαρμακάς ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located around 5 km east of Palaichori .
In 1684 , a council led by Enrique Enriquez de Guzmán , the then governor of Guatemala , decided upon the reduction of San Mateo Ixtatán and nearby Santa Eulalia , both within the colonial administrative district of the Corregimiento of Huehuetenango .
Kurdistan Province or Kordestan Province or Kurdestan Province ( Persian : استان کردستان‎‎ , Kurdish : کوردستان Kurdistan ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran , not to be confused with the greater geographical area of Iranian Kurdistan .
The Moor Express or Moorexpress is a heritage railway in the northern part of Lower Saxony in Germany .
Sky Regional Airlines is an airline whose corporate headquarters is on the property of Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport in Toronto , Canada .
Rosbercon ( Irish : Ros Bearrcon ) is a village in Ireland , on the opposite side of the River Barrow from New Ross , County Wexford .
Havarlı , also Gavarly ( Armenian : Հավարիք or Հավարիկ Havarikʿ or Havarik ) is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Shire of Cohuna was a local government area on the Murray River , about 265 kilometres ( 165 mi ) north - northwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Champagne hillsides , houses and cellars is the name given to several sites in the Champagne region of France inscribed to the list of World Heritage Sites in 2015 for their historical ties to the production and sale of champagne .
Sorø Museum is a local history museum is Sorø , Denmark .
CentralPlaza Chonburi is a shopping and entertainment complex located on Sukhumvit Rd . , in the city of Chonburi , Thailand .
Heping Road ( 和平東路/和平西路 , also known as 1st Avenue ) is a major east - west arterial in Taipei , Taiwan .
The Château de Montreuil - Bellay is a historical building in the town of Montreuil - Bellay , département of Maine - et - Loire , France , first built on the site of a Gallo - Roman village high on a hill on the banks of the Thouet River .
Arudy ( Gascon : Arudi ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Allah Nur ( Persian : اله نور‎ , also Romanized as Allāh Nūr ; also known as Qareh Meshk ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Hirmentaz ( pronounced irminte ) is a mountain in eastern France , belonging to the Chablais Alps , and located in the communes of Bellevaux , Habère - Poche , Habère - Lullin and Mégevette .
Lisbjerg is a village and suburb 7 km north of the city center of Aarhus , Denmark .
Mowtowr - e Gol Zaman ( Persian : موتورگل زمان‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Gol Zamān ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Taï is a town in southwestern Ivory Coast .
The Campaign Against Political Correctness is a non - partisan organisation in the United Kingdom created to oppose what its founders describe as political correctness .
Awatoto is a coastal suburb area located near Napier , Hawke 's Bay , New Zealand .
Sibudu Cave is a rock shelter in a sandstone cliff in northern KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Geghamavan ( Armenian : Գեղամավան ) , also Romanized as Gegamavan ; until 1946 , Shagriz and Shahriz ) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Lower Babur is a village in the Arghandab District of Kandahar Province in southern Afghanistan that was destroyed by American military forces in October and November 2010 .
Mullingstorp is an institute for psychotherapy situated in Sweden and started by Bengt Stern in 1985 .
Nettancourt ( ( netɑ̃kuʁ ) ) is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Lilleheden halt is a railway halt serving the eastern part of the town of Hirtshals , Denmark , as well as the nearby public aquarium Nordsøen Oceanarium .
Iqaluit - Niaqunnguu is a territorial electoral district(riding ) for the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut , Canada .
Whitecourt crater is a meteorite impact crater in central Alberta , Canada .
Kohinoor Asiana Hotel is a five - star hotel located on Old Mahabalipuram Road in Semmencherry , Chennai , India .
Forio ( known also as Forio of Ischia ) is a town and comune of c. 17,000 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Naples , Italy , situated on the island of Ischia .
Tomterna is a small village , with about 20 inhabitants , in Hälsingland in the north of Sweden .
Pawłowice Kopana ( pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈpana ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Baisari High School is an educational institution of Baisari in Banaripara Upazila , Bangladesh .
Cahir ( /ˈkɛər/ ; Irish : an Chathair / Cathair Dún Iascaigh ) is a town in County Tipperary in Ireland .
The Epsom by - election , 1947 was a parliamentary by - election held in the United Kingdom on 4 December 1947 to fill the vacant House of Commons seat of Epsom in Surrey .
Helaba short for Landesbank Hessen - Thüringen Helaba , short for Landesbank Hessen - Thüringen , is a commercial bank with core regions in Hesse and Thuringia , Germany offering financial services to companies , banks , institutional investors and the public sector , both within Germany and internationally .
Chah - e Azim , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه عظیم‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Scarborough Board of Education ( SBE , commonly known as School District 16 ) is the former public - secular school district serving Scarborough , Ontario , Canada from 1954 when it was established to 1998 it was merged into the Toronto District School Board .
The Walhalla Goldfields Railway is a 2 ft 6 in ( 762 mm ) narrow gauge tourist railway located in the Thomson River and Stringers Creek valleys in Gippsland , Victoria , Australia , near the former gold - mining town and tourist destination of Walhalla .
Bay d'Est is an unincorporated community in Fortune Bay District in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Mud Islands Game Reserve is a protected area covering ten islands at the southern side of Lake Alexandrina in South Australia about 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south - east of Goolwa .
The Fair of Albacete ( Spanish : Feria de Albacete ) is a fair located in Albacete , Spain .
Donji Kukuruzari ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доњи Кукурузари ) is a village and a municipality in Croatia in the Sisak - Moslavina County .
RCAF Station Edgar was part of the Pinetree Line of radar stations and was located at Edgar , Ontario Canada , about 20 kilometres northeast of Barrie .
Kuchesfahan District ( Persian : بخش کوچصفهان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dragomelj ( pronounced ( dɾaˈɡoːməl ) ; German : Dragomel ) is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana in Slovenia .
Falak Deh ( Persian : فلكده‎ ; also known as Falak Deh - e Pā’īn Maḩalleh ) is a village in Lakan Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
St Ervan is a rural civil parish and hamlet in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Khulo ( Georgian : ხულო ) is a townlet ( daba ) in Adjara , an autonomous republic in southwest Georgia , 88 km east of the regional capital Batumi , in the upper valley of Adjaris - tsqali .
Jämtland ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈjɛmtˌland ) ) ( Latin : Iemptia ) or Jamtland ( Jamtish : ( ˈjamtˌlanː ) ) is a historical province ( landskap ) in the center of Sweden in northern Europe .
Topovlje ( pronounced ( tɔˈpoːu̯ljɛ ) ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Braslovče in Slovenia .
Krahule ( German : Blaufuss ; Hungarian : Kékellő , till 1899 : Blaufusz ) is a village in Žiar nad Hronom District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
Montortal is a pedania of l'Alcúdia in the province of Valencia , Spain , situated about two kilometres south of the centre of the town .
Makomanai Park ( 真駒内公園 ) is a city park in Minami - ku , Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan .
Olympic Spirit Toronto was an Olympic - themed attraction featuring the moments of high drama and emotion experienced by Olympians and fans throughout Canada 's history with the Olympic Games .
Plácido Rosas is a village or populated centre in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay .
Znamianka ( Ukrainian : Знам'янка ) is a city in Kirovohrad Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Shekarkash Mahalleh ( Persian : شكركش محله‎ , also Romanized as Shekarkash Maḩalleh ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Tang Chung Ling Ancestral Hall ( Chinese : 鄧松嶺祠堂 ) is the main ancestral hall of the Tang Clan of Lung Yeuk Tau and one of the largest ancestral halls in Hong Kong .
Černá v Pošumaví ( German : Schwarzbach ) is a village in Český Krumlov District , South Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
Hanul cu Tei ( `` The Linden tree Inn '' ) is one of the few still standing old inns in central Bucharest , Romania .
Antanandranto , also Ankilibory , is a small town in southwest Madagascar .
The Hindu Raj is a mountain range in northern Pakistan , between the Hindu Kush and the Karakoram ranges .
Manuel L. Quezon Avenue , more often called as Quezon Avenue , is a 7.1-kilometer ( 4.4 mi ) , 6 - 14 lane major thoroughfare in Metro Manila named after President Manuel Luis Quezon , the second president of the Philippines .
Sanga - Sanga Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Sanga - Sanga ) ( IATA : TWT , ICAO : RPMN ) , also known as Tawi - Tawi Airport , is an airport serving the general area of Bongao , the capital of the province of Tawi - Tawi in the Philippines .
The 1951 German football championship was the culmination of the football season in the West Germany in 1950 - -51 .
Drayton Valley - Calmar was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Alberta , Canada .
The Springbrook National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Gold Coast hinterland of Queensland , Australia .
Port Bell is a small industrial centre in the greater metropolitan Kampala area , in Uganda .
The Maimonides Synagogue ( Hebrew : בית כנסת הרמב``ם‎ , translit : Beit Knesset ha - Rambam ; Arabic : كنيس ابن ميمون‎ ) , also known as the Rav Moshe Synagogue , is a historic synagogue located in Cairo , Egypt .
The Karangahake Gorge lies between the Coromandel and Kaimai ranges , at the southern end of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand 's North Island .
Robat Karim ( Persian : رباطكريم‎ , also Romanized as Robāţ Karīm ; formerly known as Shahriar and Shahryār ) is a city in and capital of Robat Karim County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Polevskoy ( Russian : Полевско́й ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) southwest of Yekaterinburg , the administrative center of the oblast .
Hedmarken ( local pronunciation ( ' he(ɪ̯)'marça ) , known as Hedemarken until 2003 ) is a traditional district in the county of Hedmark in Eastern Norway .
The Matapedia River ( French : Rivière Matapédia ) is a river in the Matapedia Valley in the province of Quebec , Canada .
The Herøyfjorden or Herøyfjord is a fjord which bisects the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Celanova is a village and municipality located in the province of Ourense , Galicia , Northern Spain .
The Vapi railway station on the Mumbai - Vadodara rail link of Western Railway ( India ) has become the direct beneficiary in terms of revenues due to daily commuters .
Fort Edmonton ( also named Edmonton House ) was the name of a series of trading posts of the Hudson 's Bay Company from 1795 to 1891 , all of which were located in central Alberta , Canada .
Drenkovo is a sparsely populated and dispersed village in Blagoevgrad Municipality , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
Groix ( French : Île de Groix , Breton : Enez Groe ) is an island and a commune in the Morbihan department of the region of Brittany in north - western France .
Skowronków ( skɔˈvrɔnkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Casino da Póvoa ( English : Póvoa Casino ) is a casino located in Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal .
Booster Juice Ltd is Canada 's largest chain of fresh juice and smoothie bars .
Centretown United Church is an historic church located in Ottawa , Canada at 507 Bank Street at Argyle in the Centretown area .
The Afrikaanse Hoër Seunskool ( Afrikaans Boys ' High School ) also known as Affies , is a public high school for boys situated in the city of Pretoria , Gauteng , South Africa .
Muna Regency ( Kabupaten Muna ) is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province of Indonesia , covering the island of Muna .
Prads - Haute - Bléone ( Prats Auta Blèuna in Vivaro - Alpine ) is a commune in the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence department and in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The name was also used for the earldom of Caithness and the Caithness constituency of the Parliament of the United Kingdom ( 1708 to 1918 ) .
Hazelhatch and Celbridge railway station serves the village of Hazelhatch and the neighbouring large town of Celbridge in County Kildare , Ireland .
Jaunsvirlauka parish ( Latvian : Jaunsvirlaukas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Jelgava Municipality , Latvia .
The Noguera Ribagorçana ( Catalan : ( nuˈɣeɾə riβəɣurˈsanə ) locally : ( noˈɣeɾa riβaɣoɾˈsana ) ) or Noguera Ribagorzana ( Spanish : ( noˈɣeɾa riβaɣorˈθana ) ) is a river in northern Spain .
Hambergfjellet is a mountain at the island of Bjørnøya of the Svalbard archipelago , Norway .
Ādaži Airfield ( Latvian : Ādažu lidlauks ) ( ICAO : EVAD ) is an airfield in Latvia .
Ishëm is a former municipality in the Durrës County , western Albania .
No'am ( Hebrew : נֹעַם , נועם , lit . Pleasantness ) is a religious moshav in south - central Israel and named after the Biblical book Proverbs 3:17 :
Birnin Kudu is a town and a Local Government Area in the south of Jigawa State , Nigeria some 120 kilometres south - east of Kano .
Trebisht ( Macedonian : Требиште , Bulgarian : Требище or Требища ) is a former municipality in the Dibër County , eastern Albania .
Arctic Bay Airport , ( IATA : YAB , ICAO : CYAB , TC LID : CJX7 ) , is an airport located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) southeast of Arctic Bay , Nunavut , Canada .
Wijewo ( viˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gogavan ( Armenian : Գոգավան ; formerly , Demurchilar ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Bügsiin River ( Mongolian : Бүгсийн Гол ) is a river in the Khövsgöl aimag in Mongolia .
Hashmonaim is located two kilometers east of Modi'in - Maccabim - Re'ut , midway between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv and is under the jurisdiction of the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council of Israel .
La Tapoa is a town on the Niger River in the Tillabéri Region of south - western Niger .
Odra - Pisuerga is a comarca ( county , but without administrative roles ) located in the west of the province of Burgos , in the autonomous community of Castile and León , Spain .
Klenovo ( pronounced ( klɛˈnɔːʋɔ ) or ( klɛˈnoːʋɔ ) ) is a settlement northwest of Rimske Toplice in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Ćuprija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ћуприја , pronounced ( tɕǔprija ) , see names in other languages ) is a town and administrative district in Serbia , at 43.93 ° North , 21.38 ° East .
Kaij is a tehsil in Beed District , Maharashtra , India .
Alegranza ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aleˈɣɾanθa ) , locally : ( aleˈɣɾansa ) ) is an island in the Atlantic Ocean , located off the coast of Africa and is in the province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands , Spain .
Ceutí is a municipality in the autonomous region of Murcia in southeastern Spain .
The Roe Plains is a plain in the southeastern corner of Western Australia .
Gandah Khalu ( Persian : گنده خالو‎ , also Romanized as Gandah Khālū ; also known as Gandakhālū ) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rehoboth Specialist Hospital , also known simply as Rehoboth Hospital , is a private medical facility in Rivers State , Nigeria .
Birinci Meyniman ( also , Meyniman Pervoye ) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Royal Thai Government Gazette ( Thai : ราชกิจจานุเบกษา ; rtgs : Ratchakitchanubeksa ) , frequently abbreviated Government Gazette ( GG ) or Royal Gazette ( RG ) , is the public journal and newspaper of record of Thailand .
The Ijen volcano complex is a group of stratovolcanoes in the Banyuwangi Regency of East Java , Indonesia .
Żelewo ( ʐɛˈlɛvɔ ) ( German : Seelow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Port Bonython is the location of a deepwater port and proposed minerals precinct adjacent to Point Lowly in the Upper Spencer Gulf region of South Australia .
Eversberg is a town with about 2000 inhabitants in the county of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Degnepollvatnet or Deknepollvatnet , known locally as Polljavatnet , is a 0.0697-square - kilometre ( 17.2-acre ) lake in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Faculty of General Dental Practice ( FGDP(UK ) ) was formed in 1992 as the academic home for general dental practitioners in the United Kingdom .
Mingli Sar is a mountain located in the Shimshal valley in Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
The Cauca Valley dry forests is a tropical dry broadleaf forest ecoregion in Colombia .
Saint Olaf 's chapel is a chapel in Kumla , Närke , Svealand in Sweden .
Dow Sari ( Persian : دوساري‎ , also Romanized as Dow Sārī , Do Sārī , and Dūsāri ; also known as Ḩaşārī ) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Diawling National Park lies in south west Mauritania around the Senegal River delta .
Located next to Sengkang MRT / LRT Station , Sengkang Bus Interchange is the second bus interchange in Singapore and the first bus interchange along the North East Line to be air conditioned .
Qaracalar ( also , Karalar , Karaliar and Karadzhalar ) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Armenia Dam is a dam in the Leeu River , near Hobhouse , Free State province , South Africa .
The Clérette is a river of Normandy , France , 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) in length , flowing through the department of Seine - Maritime .
The El Carrizal Dam ( in Spanish , Embalse El Carrizal ) is a dam on the upper - middle course of the Tunuyán River , in the center - north of the province of Mendoza , Argentina upstream from the city of Rivadavia .
Barro Colorado Island ( BCI ) is located in the man - made Gatun Lake in the middle of the Panama Canal .
Mont Turia is a shoulder on the north ridge of Mont Pourri in Savoie , France .
Haft Asiab ( Persian : هفت اسياب‎ , also Romanized as Haft Āsīāb and Haft Āsyāb ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Begovo Brdo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бегово Брдо ) is a village in Kruševac , Rasina district , Serbia .
Bagabag Airport ( IATA : BGN , ICAO : RPUZ ) is an airport serving the area of the town of Bagabag , located in Nueva Vizcaya in the Philippines .
Alvarlu ( Persian : الوارلو‎ , also Romanized as Alvārlū and Ālvārlū ; also known as Alwari and Gūzī Raj``īn ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 123 , in 21 families .
Schloss Elmau , built by Carl Sattler in the style of Reformarchitektur during WW1 between 1914 and 1916 , is a two - story listed monument with hipped roof , tower and porch , situated between Garmisch - Partenkirchen and Mittenwald in Bavaria , Germany .
The Ardière ( also Ardières ) is a river in the Rhône department of France .
Mehrabpur Junction railway station ( Urdu : محراب پور جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Mehrabpur city , Naushahro Feroze district of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
The Solo Batik Carnival or SBC ( Indonesian Karnaval Batik Solo ) is an annual carnival held in Solo City ( Surakarta City ) , Indonesia .
Tambov Donskoye Airport ( IATA : TBW , ICAO : UUOT ) is an airport serving city of Tambov , located in Donskoye , 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) northeast of Tambov , in the Tambov Oblast of Russia .
Flow Energy is an energy company in the United Kingdom .
The palatial Late Antique Roman villa at La Olmeda is situated in Pedrosa de la Vega in the province of Palencia ( Castile and León , Spain ) , near the banks of the Carrión .
Sefid Khani - ye Jadid ( Persian : سفيدخاني جديد‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī - ye Jadīd ; also known as Sefīd Khānī and Qaryeh - ye Sefīd Khānī ) is a village in Suri Rural District , Suri District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Soltaniyeh Hajjiabad ( Persian : سلطانيه حاجي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Solṭānīyeh Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Agahan Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Karosta ( War Port ) is a neighbourhood in the north of Liepāja in western Latvia by the Baltic sea .
Molla Basak ( Persian : ملاباسك‎ , also Romanized as Mollā Bāsak ; also known as Mollā Bāstak ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Södra Bankohuset ( Swedish : `` The Southern ( National ) Bank Building '' ) or Gamla Riksbanken ( `` The Old National Bank '' ) is a building in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden , together with Norra Bankohuset the location of the Bank of Sweden until 1906 .
Foro Italico University of Rome ( Italian : Università degli Studi di Roma `` Foro italico '' ) , formerly known as the University Institute of Motor Sciences ( Italian : Istituto Universitario di Scienze Motorie , IUSM ) is a public research university located in Rome , Italy .
Deutsch - Französisches Institut or dFi ( as per homepage ) is an institute offering cultural exchange between Germany and France in Erlangen .
The Rathen Open Air Stage ( German : Felsenbühne Rathen ) is a natural stage in Saxon Switzerland in East Germany .
Qaratağlar ( also , Karataglar ) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Aqa Mohammad ( Persian : اقامحمد‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Moḥammad ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pijana Gora ( pronounced ( piˈjaːna ˈɡɔːɾa ) ) is a remote settlement north of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Holåbreen is a glacier in the municipalities Skjåk and Luster , Norway .
Malni ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlni ) ) is a small settlement north of Velike Bloke in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Wrocław County ( Polish : powiat wrocławski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Tel Keppe District ( Syriac : ܬܠ ܟܐܦܐ‎ ) is a district in Ninawa Governorate , Iraq .
The University of Manitoba ( U of M ) is a public university in the province of Manitoba , Canada .
Machaire Rabhartaigh ( formerly anglicized as Magheraroarty ) , meaning `` plane of the spring tide / plane of roarty '' , is a Gaeltacht village and townland on the north - west coast of County Donegal , Ireland .
The City of Sunshine was a local government area about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) west of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Sauga ( German : Sauck ) is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Pärnu County , southwestern Estonia .
Mashare is a settlement in the Kavango East Region of Namibia , just east of Rundu , the regional capital .
The Remarkables are a mountain range and skifield in Otago in the South Island of New Zealand .
Qinarjeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : قينرجه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qīnarjeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Qanīzjeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubesharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Detwoc is a Shilluk village in the state of Upper Nile in South Sudan , and is situated on the western bank of the Nile river , 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) from the town of Kodok , which is approximately two hours by boat north of the state capital Malakal .
La Cabeza de Béjar is a mountainous village and municipality in the province of Salamanca , western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile and León .
The Bangulzai Hills are a low mountain range located in the Kalat District of Balochistan Province , in southwestern Pakistan .
İsalar is a village in the municipality of Əfətli in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
St. Anthony Airport ( IATA : YAY , ICAO : CYAY ) is located 19 nautical miles ( 35 km ; 22 mi ) west northwest of St. Anthony , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Rajdhani Express is a series of express passenger train services in India operated by Indian Railways connecting New Delhi with other important destinations ( mostly capital cities of other states ) .
The Parliament of Scotland , officially the Estates of Parliament , was the legislature of the Kingdom of Scotland .
Caye Chapel is a small , privately owned island in Belize , 16 miles ( 26 km ) north - northeast of Belize City and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Caye Caulker .
The Casa de Murillo is a historical house in Seville , Andalusia , Spain , at number 8 , calle Santa Teresa , in the historic Barrio de Santa Cruz .
The Floarea River or Pârâul Floarei is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania
The Tully Falls , a horsetail chute waterfall on the Tully River , is located in the UNESCO World Heritage -- listed Wet Tropics in the Far North region of Queensland , Australia .
The Boix House , also known as Teotico - Crespo House or Casa Boix , is a heritage house located in Quiapo , Manila , Philippines .
Semyonovsky Bridge or Semenovsky Bridge ( Russian : Семёновский Мост ) is a bridge across the Fontanka River in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Qıvraq ( also , Givrakh , Kivrag , Kivrakh , Kyvrak , and Kyvrakh ) is a village and municipality in , and is the administrative center of , the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Niżowa ( niˈʐɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Brookby School is a primary school in New Zealand .
Khatt is a mountainous village south - east of the city of Ras Al Khaimah , United Arab Emirates .
Leer County is an administrative division of Unity State ( or Western Upper Nile ) in South Sudan .
El Mirador is a large pre - Columbian Mayan settlement , located in the north of the modern department of El Petén , Guatemala .
The Decorative Arts Society ( DAS ) is a charitable society based in the United Kingdom .
Royal Arena is an upcoming multi - use indoor arena in Ørestad Syd , a new development in the city of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Mendata is a village and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
The Chiesa di San Leonardo in Arcetri is a Roman Catholic church in Florence , Italy .
Bergenhausen is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde , a kind of collective municipality -- in the Rhein - Hunsrück - Kreis ( district ) in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Queensway is a major street in the municipalities of Toronto and Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Kiswarani ( Aymara kiswara Buddleja incana , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with kiswara '' , hispanicized spelling Quisuarani ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru .
The Stentoften Runestone , listed in the Rundata catalog as DR 357 , is a runestone which contains a curse in Proto - Norse that was discovered in Stentoften , Blekinge , Sweden .
Kokhav Michael ( Hebrew : כּוֹכַב מִיכָאֵל , lit . Star of Michael ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Hakgala Strict Nature Reserve is one of the three strict nature reserves in Sri Lanka , the only one in the wet zone .
The Abbey DLD Colleges Group is a group of independent sixth form colleges based in the United Kingdom , in London , Manchester , Birmingham and Cambridge .
Skydive Empuriabrava is the brand that has been commercially operating Empuriabrava Aerodrome ( on the Empuriabrava residential estate of the town of Castelló d'Empúries , Costa Brava , Girona province , Catalonia , Spain ) since 1985 .
Palur is a small village in Kanchipuram district in India .
Zámutov ( Hungarian : Opálhegy ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Union for Trentino ( Italian : Unione per il Trentino , UpT ) is a regionalist and Christian - democratic political party active in Trentino , Italy .
Khlong Yai is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in Trat Province in southeast Thailand , capital of the Khlong Yai District , of which it covers part of the tambon Khlong Yai .
Yellicə ( also , Yellidzha ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ogrody Królewskie na Wawelu is a botanical garden and museum in Kraków , Poland .
Shkumbin ( definite Albanian form : Shkumbini , Latin : Genusus ) is a river in central Albania , flowing into the Adriatic Sea .
St Ignatius ' Church , Richmond is a Catholic Church located in the Melbourne suburb of Richmond , Victoria , Australia .
La Malahá is a municipality located in the province of Granada , Spain .
Angoche is a city of Nampula Province in Mozambique .
Rožanec ( pronounced ( ɾɔˈʒaːnəts ) ) is a settlement north of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Santa Maria dell’Aiuto or Holy Mary of Succour is a Baroque - style church , located at Vico S Maria dell'Aiuto number 10 , near the church of Santa Maria la Nova in Naples , Italy
Col d'Allos ( elevation 2,250 m ( 7,380 ft ) ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes - de - Haute - Provence in France .
Las Palas ( 37 ° 39′N 1 ° 09′W ) is a village , situated in the autonomous region of Murcia in South East Spain .
The Burroughes Building was built in Toronto , Canada , in 1907 with an addition in 1910 , as the flagship department store for the F.C. Burroughes Furniture Company Limited .
The Port of Klaipėda is a seaport located in Klaipėda , Lithuania .
The Bekily District is a district in the Androy Region , located in southeastern Madagascar .
Yuxarı Tala ( also , Birindzhi - Tala and Yukhary - Tala ; Avar : Эхеди Тала ) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Stare Marzy ( ˈstarɛ ˈmaʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kani Kowtar ( Persian : كاني كوتر‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Kowtar ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kalidas Rangalaya is one of Bihar 's well - known theatres and a center for cultural performances in Patna , India .
The Gumyoshevsky mine ( Russian : Гумёшевский рудник , tr . Gumjoshevskij rudnik ) , also called Gumeshki , Gumeshevsky or Gumishevskoye mine is a copper mine located in in the town of Polevskoy , in Sverdlovsk Oblast of Russia .
Gulf International Bank ( GIB ) was established in 1975 during the first oil boom and is incorporated in the Kingdom of Bahrain as a conventional wholesale bank .
Chogolisa ( or Bride Peak ) is a mountain in the Karakoram region of Pakistan .
Poprad Landscape Park ( Popradzki Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in southern Poland , named after the Poprad river running through it .
Kirateshwar Mahadev Temple is a Hindu temple , identified to be a Hindu pilgrimage site which is located in Legship , West Sikkim , India along the banks of River Rangeet , which has many mythological episodes of the Mahabharata attached to it .
Miłaki ( miˈwaki ) ( German : Müngen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Galu Salar ( Persian : گلوسالار‎ , also Romanized as Galū Sālār and Golūsālār ; also known as Gulu Sālār and Kalū Sālār ) is a village in Khenaman Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Chatameh Gholam ( Persian : قشلاق چتمه غلام‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Chatameh Gholām ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sénart ( formerly Melun - Sénart ) is a new town in southern Île - de - France , covering parts of the departments of Seine - et - Marne and Essonne .
Dantewada ( also known as Dantewara ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in the Dantewada district in the state of Chhattisgarh , India .
Przydroże Małe ( pʂɨˈdrɔʐɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Omsk Metro ( Russian : О́мский метрополите́н , Omsky metropoliten ) is a rapid transit line that has been in various phases of construction since 1992 in Omsk , Russia .
Pljevlja Power Station situated in Pljevlja is the only coal - fired power station in Montenegro .
The Baja California Peninsula ( English : Lower California Peninsula , Spanish : Península de Baja California ) is a peninsula in Northwestern Mexico .
Vahdatiyeh ( Persian : وحدتيه‎ ; also Romanized as Vaḩdattīyeh ) is a city in Sadabad District , in Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Tsuen Wan Plaza ( Chinese : 荃灣廣場 ) is a private housing estate and shopping mall in Tsuen Wan , New Territories , Hong Kong , located near the MTR Tsuen Wan West Station , Tsuen Wan Ferry Pier , Nina Tower , Skyline Plaza , Citywalk and Citywalk 2 .
Qal'eh Dokhtar , Ghale Dokhtar , Dezh Dokhtar ( Persian : دژ دختر‎ , `` The Maiden Castle '' ) , is a castle made by Ardashir I , in present day Kerman , Iran , in 209 AD .
Ponte Nova da Cava da Velha is an old Roman bridge in Portugal .
Sohraj ( Persian : سهرج‎ , also Romanized as Sohrej ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Eyserheide ( English : Eys heathland , Limburgish : Ezerhei ) is a hamlet in the southeastern Netherlands .
Kilraghtis ( Irish : Cill Reachtais ) is a civil parish of County Clare , Ireland .
Llers is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà , Girona , Catalonia , Spain
The island of Makira ( also known as San Cristóbal ) is the largest island of Makira - Ulawa Province in the Solomon Islands .
Ngataki is a community on the Aupouri Peninsula in Northland , New Zealand .
Nuussuup Nuua ( old spelling : Nûgssûp Nûa ) is a cape in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
The Château de Tournoël is a medieval fortified castle partly in ruins in the commune of Volvic , in the Puy - de - Dôme département of France .
Tud ( Persian : تود‎ , also Romanized as Tūd ; also known as Tūt ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Latur Taluka ( लातूर तहसिल ) is a taluka ( an administrative subdivision ) of Latur District in Maharashtra , India .
Łańcut County ( Polish : powiat łańcucki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland .
Wybranówko ( vɨbraˈnufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fiumicino ( Italian : ( fjumiˈtʃiːno ) ) is a town and comune in the province of Rome , Lazio , central Italy .
Neqab ( Persian : نقاب‎ , also Romanized as Neqāb ) is a city in and the capital of Jowayin County , in Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Grey Lynn is an inner residential suburb of Auckland City , New Zealand , located three kilometres to the west of the city centre .
Tomsk Avia , LLC ( Russian : ООО `` Авиакомпания `` Томск Авиа '' ) was an airline based in Tomsk , Russia . It operate domestic passenger and cargo services and charters until 04.2015 .
Phú Quý is a small island located about 100 km from Phan Thiết city , Vietnam .
The 2010 Mindanao earthquakes occurred in the Southern Philippines in the Moro Gulf .
Nalook is a barangay of Kalibo , Aklan , Philippines .
The German Alpine Club ( German : Deutscher Alpenverein , DAV ) is the world 's largest climbing association and the eighth largest sports union in Germany .
The Penghu or Pescadores Islands are an archipelago of 64 islands and islets in the Taiwan Strait .
Slottsbron is a locality situated in Grums Municipality , Värmland County , Sweden with 1,039 inhabitants in 2010 .
Barczewo Castle ( Polish : Zamek w Barczewie ) was a castle in Barczewo , Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland .
Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi Mosque ( Odigram ) is one of the oldest in northern Pakistan , discovered by the Italian Archaeological Mission in Pakistan in 1985 .
North Kynouria or Vóreia Kynouría ( Greek : Βόρεια Κυνουρία ) is a municipality in Arcadia , Greece .
Club Real América is a football club from Santa Cruz , Bolivia currently playing at Santa Cruz Primera A , one of the first division regional leagues .
Gornje Laze ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈlaːzɛ ) ; German : Oberlase ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia .
The Château de Belœil is a château situated in the municipality of Belœil in the province of Hainaut , Belgium .
Ibn Sina National College for Medical Studies ( Arabic : كلية ابن سينا الأهلية للعلوم الطبية‎ ) is the First private medical college of higher education under the supervision of the Ministry of higher Education , Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Det Nødvendige Seminarium ( DNS ) ( English : The Necessary Teacher Training College ) is a private teacher training college located in Denmark .
Banff Upper Hot Springs are commercially developed hot springs located in Banff National Park in Canada , near the Banff townsite .
Soberanía National Park ( Parque Nacional Soberanía ) is a national park in Panama near the banks of the Panama Canal in the provinces of Panamá and Colón , some 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) from Panama City .
The Batwing Spaceshot is a thrill ride located at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast , Australia .
Welikanda is a small town on the Baticallo Polonnaruwa main road located in and developing cityPolonnaruwa District in North Central Province , Sri Lanka .
Imbros and Tenedos , also known by their official names since 1970 of Gökçeada and Bozcaada , are two are neighboring North Aegean islands which belong to Turkey .
Prosotsani ( Greek : Προσοτσάνη , formerly Πυρσόπολις - Pyrsopolis , Bulgarian : Просечен , Prosechen , Turkish : Pürsıçan ) is a municipality and town within the municipality located in the western part of the Drama regional unit in Greece .
The Mount Nimba mine is a large iron mine located in southern Guinea in the Nzérékoré Region .
Bartovice ( Polish : Bartowice , German : Bartelsdorf ) is a part of the city of Ostrava , Moravian - Silesian Region in the Czech Republic .
Bojacá is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca .
Vembarpatti is small urban town which is located Dindigul district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Breg pri Sinjem Vrhu ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːk pɾi ˈsiːnjɛm ˈʋəɾxu ) ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Tauragė County ( Lithuanian : Tauragės apskritis ) is one of ten counties in Lithuania .
Ab Shib ( Persian : اب شيب‎ , also Romanized as Āb Shīb ; also known as Ābshi ) is a village in Hashivar Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Anageia ( Greek : Αναγεια ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , adjacent to the village of Deftera .
Male Češnjice ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɛ ˈtʃeːnjitsɛ ) ; in older sources also Male Črešnjice , German : Kleintscheschenze ) is a small settlement just north of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Devín Gate or Hainburger Gate ( Slovak : Devínska brána , German : Hainburger Pforte ) is a natural gate in the Danube valley at the border of Slovakia and Austria .
Koshkuiyeh ( Persian : كشكوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Koshkū’īyeh and Kashkū’īyeh ; also known as Qūshk , and Kūshku ) is a city in and the capital of Koshkuiyeh District , in Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Temyan ( Russian : Темьянь ) is a village in Zaoksky District of Tula Oblast , Russia .
Coster Diamonds is one of the oldest still operating diamond polishing factories in Amsterdam , The Netherlands .
The Batangas Province Science High School ( Mataas na Paaralang Pang - Agham ng Lalawigan ng Batangas ) is a public residential science high school system located in Dacanlao , Calaca , Batangas , Philippines that focuses on the intensive study of science , mathematics and technology .
Arnaiz Avenue , also known by its former names Libertad Road and Pasay Road , is a major east - west collector road that links Makati and Pasay in the Philippines .
The Metrotranvía Mendoza ( Spanish for Mendoza Light Rail or fast tramway ) is a public light rail transport system for the city of Mendoza , Argentina , served by articulated light rail cars operating on newly relaid tracks in former - General San Martín Railway mainline right - of - way .
Karuiyeh ( Persian : كروئيه‎ , also Romanized as Karū``īyeh ; also known as Kerūyeh and Kīrū ) is a village in Ruydar Rural District , Ruydar District , Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,167 , in 318 families .
Termessos ( Greek Τερμησσός ) was a Pisidian city built at an altitude of more than 1000 metres at the south - west side of the mountain Solymos ( modern - day Güllük Dağı ) in the Taurus Mountains ( modern - day Antalya province , Turkey ) .
Alberobello ( Italian : ( ˌalberoˈbɛllo ) ; literally `` beautiful tree '' ) is a small town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari , Apulia , southern Italy .
Čvrsnica is a mountain in the Dinarides of Bosnia and Herzegovina , located in northern Herzegovina , most of the mountain is located in the Herzegovina - Neretva Canton municipalities of Mostar and Jablanica while the smaller part of the mountain , around 10 % is located in the municipality of Posušje .
Abronamoué is a village in eastern Ivory Coast .
The Cahill Expressway is an urban freeway in Sydney and was the first freeway constructed in Australia , opening to traffic in 1958 .
Netolice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnɛtolɪtsɛ ) ; German : Netolitz ) is a town in the South Bohemian Region , the Czech Republic .
Rancho Santa Inés Airstrip ( ICAO : MM23 ) , also known as Cataviña Airstrip , is a public airstrip located South of Cataviña , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , just in the middle of the Cataviña Desert National Reserve .
The Kangaroo Hoppet is a long distance cross - country skiing race in Australia .
Petit Piton is one of two mountains overlooking Soufrière Bay in the southwest of Saint Lucia .
Kfar Aviv ( Hebrew : כְּפַר אָבִיב , lit . Village of Spring ) is a moshav in the South District of Israel , near Ashdod .
Paiania ( Greek : Παιανία , before 1915 : Λιόπεσι - Liopesi , Arvanitika : Liopësi ) is a town and a municipality in East Attica , Greece .
The Jason Islands ( Spanish : Islas Sebaldes ) are an archipelago in the Falkland Islands , lying to the far north - west of West Falkland .
Sanaroa Island is an island , part of D'Entrecasteaux Islands in Papua New Guinea , located east of Fergusson Island in Milne Bay Province , at 9.6166667 ° S 151 ° E.
J. S. Woodsworth Secondary School was a high school in the Borden Farm neighborhood of Ottawa ( formerly Nepean ) , Ontario , Canada from 1973 - 2005 .
Wólka Czepowa ( ˈvulka t͡ʂɛˈpɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Paloznak is a village in the region of Balatonfüred , Veszprém county , Hungary .
Barriles Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Barriles , IATA : TOQ , ICAO : SCBE ) is a public use airport located 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) east - southeast of Tocopilla , Antofagasta , Chile .
Maja e Gurit të Topit is a mountain peak in the Valamara range , in eastern Albania .
Tark - e Viran ( Persian : ترك ويران‎ , also Romanized as Tark - e Vīrān ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Jusa Mountains are a minor range in southeastern South Korea .
The Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame , located at the Canada Science and Technology Museum in Ottawa , Ontario , honours Canadians who have made outstanding contributions to society in science and engineering .
Chat Warin Waterfall ( Thai : น้ำตกฉัตรวาริน ) is a waterfall in Tambon To Teng , near Narathiwat , Thailand .
Medio Atrato ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmeðjo aˈtɾato ) ) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department , Colombia .
Toronto Life is a monthly Canadian magazine about entertainment , politics and life in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Wischhafen ( low German Wischhoben ) is a municipality in the district of Stade , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Tasbandi ( Persian : طاسبندي‎ , also Romanized as Ţāsbandī ) is a village in Tork - e Gharbi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Sheregesh ( Russian : Шерегеш ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Tashtagolsky District of Kemerovo Oblast , Russia .
Finnish national road 29 ( Finnish : Valtatie 29 ; Swedish : Riksväg 29 ) is a highway in Finland between Keminmaa and Tornio .
Sato'alepai is a village situated on the central north coast of the island of Savai'i in Samoa .
The Nádasdy Mansion is a neo - gothic style manor house designed by István Linzbauer and Alajos Hauszmann situated on 24 hectares in Nádasdladány , Hungary .
The Col d'Èze is a mountain pass in the Alpes - Maritimes department of France .
Semberija ( Cyrillic : Семберија , pronounced ( sɛ̌mbɛːrija ) ) is a geographical region in north - eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Breiðá is a river on the island of Vágar in the Faroe Islands .
Vestiena parish ( Latvian : Vestienas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Madona Municipality , Latvia .
Tambao Airport ( IATA : TMQ , ICAO : DFEM ) is an airstrip serving the manganese mining site of Tambao in the Oudalan Province , part of the Sahel Region of Burkina Faso .
Ampa Skywalk , is a shopping mall in Chennai , India .
Dorre Island is one of three islands that make up the Bernier and Dorre Island Nature Reserve in the Shark Bay World Heritage area in Western Australia .
Asghari is a town of Sahiwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Tehuacalco is an archeological site located near the city of Chilpancingo , Guerrero , Mexico .
Lesce ( pronounced ( lɛˈstsɛ ) ) is a town in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Party of the Democratic Revolution ( Spanish : Partido de la Revolución Democrática , PRD ) is a social democratic political party in Mexico that champions democracy .
Chandahandi is a town and Block in Nabarangpur District in Odisha State in India .
The African Museum of Lyon ( Musée Africain de Lyon ) is the oldest museum in France dedicated to Africa , and one of the oldest museums in Lyon .
Klępiny ( klɛmˈpinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qarayi ( Persian : قرایی‎ , also Romanized as Qarāyī ; also known as Qareh Evlī ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Torre di Moravola is a 10th - century medieval watch tower built in Umbria , central Italy , to guard the southern approaches of Montone by the Fortebraccio , a condottieri family of the Renaissance .
The Yixian Formation ( simplified Chinese : 义县组 ; traditional Chinese : 義縣組 ; pinyin : Yìxiàn zǔ ) is a geological formation in Jinzhou , Liaoning , People 's Republic of China , that spans 11 million years during the early Cretaceous period .
Nousiainen ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈnousiˌɑinen ) ; Swedish : Nousis ) is a municipality of Finland .
Al Muteena ( Arabic : المطينة‎ ) is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Mowtowr - e Kandal ( Persian : موتوركندل‎ ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Graz International Bilingual School ( GIBS ) is an Austrian bilingual ( English / German)university preparatory semi - independent charter school Gymnasium in Graz , Austria .
Bulgurca was a village about 20 km south of Izmir , Turkey .
Cunud ( also , Cunut and Dzhunut ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Touat - Cheikh Sidi Mohamed Belkebir Airport ( IATA : AZR , ICAO : DAUA ) is a public airport located 6 nm ( 11 km ) southeast of Adrar , the capital of the Adrar province ( wilaya ) in Algeria .
Sidi Mahdi Airport ( IATA : TGR , ICAO : DAUK ) is an airport serving Touggourt , a city in the Ouargla Province of eastern Algeria .
Bardkandeh ( Persian : بركنده‎ ; also known as Bardkandi ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Peygodar - e Chah - e Huz ( Persian : پيگدارچاه حوض‎ , also Romanized as Peygodār - e Chāh - e Ḩūz̤ ; also known as Peygodār ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cave of the Crystals or Giant Crystal Cave ( Spanish : Cueva de los Cristales ) is a cave connected to the Naica Mine 300 metres ( 980 ft ) below the surface in Naica , Chihuahua , Mexico .
Berne eXchange ( BX ) is the stock exchange of Bern , Switzerland .
Europos Parkas ( the `` Park of Europe '' ) is a 50-hectare open - air museum located 17 km from Vilnius , Lithuania .
The Ochkhamuri river ( Georgian : ოჩხამური ) is a river in Adjara , Georgia , a left tributary to the Choloki .
Rajouri Garden is an upscale market and residential neighbourhood in West Delhi , India .
The 2012 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match which took place on Saturday , 19 May 2012 between Bayern Munich of Germany and Chelsea of England at the Allianz Arena in Munich , Germany .
Flying High Bird Sanctuary ( formerly Flying High Bird Habitat ) is the largest free - flight aviary in Australia and has over 2000 birds .
Čimerno ( pronounced ( ˈtʃiːmɛɾnɔ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia .
Slivnice ( Cyrillic : Сливнице ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lavandevil Rural District ( Persian : دهستان لوندويل‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Marathon Futurex is proposed to be the tallest commercial property in India .
Sidi M'Hamed ( Arabic : سيدي امحمد‎ ) is a municipality in Algiers Province , Algeria .
Forlimpopoli is a town and comune in the province of Forlì - Cesena , north - eastern Italy .
The Mari Autonomous Oblast was created on November 4 , 1920 , as on region of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .
Chak Bhola ( Urdu : چک بھولا‎ ) is a village situated in the district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Hadzhidimovo Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Хаджидимово , Obshtina Hadzhidimovo ) is situated in the southeastern part of Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria .
The Diocese of Vyatka and Slobodskoy ( Russian : Вятская и Слободская епархия , Vyatskaya i Slobodskaya yeparkhiya ) is a diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church which covers the exact territory of Kirov Oblast , Russia .
Moala Airport ( IATA : MFJ , ICAO : NFMO ) is an airport serving Moala , the main island of the Moala Islands , a subgroup of the Lau Islands in Fiji .
Am Timan Airport ( IATA : AMC , ICAO : FTTN ) is an airport serving Am Timan in Chad .
Celista is a small community located along the north shore of Shuswap Lake in British Columbia , Canada .
The Basilica of St. Michael , Bordeaux , is a Flamboyant Gothic church in Bordeaux , France , built between the end of 14th century and the 16th century .
The Altai Mountains ( Altay Mountains ) are a mountain range in Central Asia , where Russia , China , Mongolia and Kazakhstan come together , and are where the rivers Irtysh and Ob have their headwaters .
The Great Eastern Ranges extend from southern Victoria to north of Cairns in Queensland , Australia , encompassing the Great Dividing Range and the Great Escarpment -- two very old , mountainous , sometimes undulating and occasionally tableland landscapes situated on the eastern side of the continent .
Brahmanpally is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Sławoszów ( swaˈvɔʂuf ) is a village located in Poland , in the Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County , Gmina Głubczyce , near the border with the Czech Republic .
Dalaman Airport ( IATA : DLM , ICAO : LTBS ) is an international airport and one of three serving south - west Turkey , the others being Milas - Bodrum Airport and Antalya Airport .
Kuusisaari ( Finnish ) , Granö ( Swedish ) is an island and a neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
Calvin University is a Presbyterian - affiliated university in South Korea .
Pjetroshan is a settlement in the former Kastrat Municipality , Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Sanjeevan Hospital ( Marathi : संजीवन रुग्णालय ) is a multispeciality hospital in Pune , India , run by the Shashwat group of hospitals .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammad Mazafarian ( Persian : مزرعه محمدمظفريان‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammad Maz̧afarīān ) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Phlegraean Fields ( Italian : Campi Flegrei ( ˈkampi fleˈɡrɛi ) ; from Greek φλέγω , `` to burn '' ) are a large volcanic area situated to the west of Naples , Italy .
Buad Island is an island in the Philippines .
Jeziorki Wielkie ( jɛˈʑɔrki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Schöntal ; until 1930 : Groß Jesziorken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Moho River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmoo ) ) is a river of Guatemala and Belize .
Porto Dinheiro ( or Praia de Porto Dinheiro ) is a locality in the civil parish ( freguesia ) of Ribamar , municipality of Lourinhã , in Portugal .
Omiroupoli ( Greek : Ομηρούπολη ) is a former municipality in the central part of on the island of Chios , North Aegean , Greece .
The Sydney Marathon is a marathon held annually in Sydney , Australia each September .
Pust Forushan ( Persian : پوست فروشان‎ , also Romanized as Pūst Forūshān ; also known as Pūst Forūsh and Pīsh Forūsh ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Canadian Regional Airlines was an airline headquartered in Calgary International Airport in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Kalehkin ( Persian : كله كين‎ , also Romanized as Kalehkīn ; also known as Gelekin ) is a village in Piran Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Caligata Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located northeast of Clearwater .
Rosthern Junior College , an independent high school , has been a landmark institution in the town of Rosthern , Saskatchewan , Canada since 1905 .
Trsek ( pronounced ( ˈtəɾsək ) or ( təɾˈseːk ) ) is a small village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Huambo Airport ( ICAO : FNNL ) is a public use airport located 3 nm east - southeast of Huambo in Huambo Province , Angola .
Sant Alís is the highest mountain of the Serra del Montsec , Catalonia , Spain .
The Monument to the Tsar Liberator ( Bulgarian : Паметник на Цар Освободител , Pametnik na Tsar Osvoboditel ) is an equestrian monument in the centre of Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria .
Hennersdorf ( or Hennersdorf bei Wien ) is a town in the district of Mödling in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
The University of Belgrano ( Spanish : Universidad de Belgrano ) is a private university established in 1964 and located in the Belgrano district of the city of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Petahya ( Hebrew : פְּתַחְיָה ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Altaelva ( English : Alta River ; Northern Sami : Álttáeatnu ; Kven : Alattionjoki ) is the third longest river in Finnmark county , Norway .
Hanımçiftliği ( literally `` lady 's farm '' ) is a town in the central district ( Malatya ) of Malatya Province , Turkey .
Chaqadar ( Persian : چقادر‎ , also Romanized as Chaqādar and Cheqādor ; also known as Chagha Dor ) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The 1962 European Aquatics Championships were held in Leipzig , East Germany from 18 to 25 August 1962 .
The main attractions within the boundaries of Swadlincote are the local parks such as Maurice Lea at Church Gresley and Eureka , the Green Bank Leisure Centre , the large dry ski slope and The 50s American Diner , the largest American diner in the United Kingdom , all within reach of the town centre .
Łochtynowo ( wɔxtɨˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lehqorbani - ye Olya ( Persian : له قرباني عليا‎ , also Romanized as Lehqorbānī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Jangal Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 82 , in 20 families .
The archaeological site of Shum Laka is the most prominent rockshelter site in the Grasslands region of the Laka Valley , northwest Cameroon .
Doguwa is a Local Government Area in the extreme south of Kano State , Nigeria .
Wiskienica Dolna ( viskʲɛˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Komletinci is a village in eastern Croatia located east of Otok .
Podlipoglav ( pronounced ( pɔˈdliːpɔɡlau̯ ) ) is a village in the City Municipality of Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Binoli is a small town in the Almora district in the state of Uttarakhand , India .
Wolfenbüttel is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany , located on the Oker river about 13 kilometres south of Brunswick .
The Kretinga Museum ( Lithuanian : Kretingos muziejus ) , also known as Kretinga Manor , is located near the Baltic Sea in Kretinga , Lithuania .
Camp Fünfeichen ( German : Lager Fünfeichen ) was a World War II German prisoner - of - war camp located in Fünfeichen , a former estate within the city limits of Neubrandenburg , Mecklenburg , northern Germany .
Timișoara Zoological Garden ( Romanian : Grădina Zoologică Timișoara ) is a 6.34-hectare ( 15.7-acre ) zoo in Timișoara , Romania , located northern - east of the city near Green Forest .
The 1903 Manzikert earthquake struck Manzikert of nowadays Muş Province in eastern Turkey on 28 April .
The Manantali Dam is a multi - purpose dam on the Bafing river in the Senegal River basin , 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) to the south - east of Bafoulabé , in Mali 's Kayes Region .
Vanløse Station is an S - train and Copenhagen Metro station in the Vanløse district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Brograve Mill is a windpump located on Brograve level in the parish of Sea Palling within the Norfolk Broads National Park , United Kingdom .
Laupheim is a city in southern Germany in the state of Baden Württemberg .
Bhimdatta ( Nepali : भीमदत्त ) , formerly known as Mahendranagar ( महेन्द्रनगर ) , is a city and municipality in far western Nepal , 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) from the border of India and the Mahakali River .
De Vishal is a historical building dating from 1769 on the Grote Markt in Haarlem , the Netherlands .
Komorna ( kɔˈmɔrna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Póvoa de Varzim ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpɔvwɐ ðɨ vɐɾˈzĩ ) , locally ( ˈpɔβwə ðɨ βəɾˈzĩŋ ) ) , also spelled Povoa de Varzim , is a Portuguese city in Northern Portugal and sub - region of Greater Porto .
Valadabad ( Persian : ولداباد‎ , also Romanized as Valadābād and Waladābād ) is a village in Iran .
Kolonia Bodzanowska ( kɔˈlɔɲa bɔd͡zaˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Avareshk ( Persian : اوارشك‎ , also Romanized as Āvāreshk ) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Began ( Persian : مزرعه بگان‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Begān ) is a village in Irafshan Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 39 , in 7 families .
Valindeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : ولينده سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Valīndeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Valendeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Romonya ( Croatian : Rumenja ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Kileh Kabud ( Persian : كيله كبود‎‎ , also Romanized as Kīleh Kabūd and Kīlah Kabūd ; also known as Kela Kabūd and Kel Kabūd ) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tianqiao District ( simplified Chinese : 天桥区 ; traditional Chinese : 天橋區 ; pinyin : Tiānqiáo Qū ; literally : `` sky bridge '' ) is one of six districts of Jinan , the capital of Shandong province , People 's Republic of China , forming part of the city 's urban core .
Mambasa is a town in the Ituri Region of the Orientale Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the headquarters of Mambasa Territory .
Tolemaida Air Base ( ICAO : SKTI ) is a Colombian military air base located in Melgar , a municipality of the Tolima department in Colombia .
The Counts of Freiburg were the descendants of Count Egino of Urach , they ruled over the city of Freiburg , as well as the Breisgau region ( in what is present - day Germany ) between approximately 1245 and 1368 AD .
Cloghernagh ( Irish : Clocharnach , meaning `` Stoney place '' ) is a mountain in Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Skagen ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈsɡ̊æːɪn ) ) , is Denmark 's northernmost town and the area surrounding it .
Pilat Regional Natural Park ( French : Parc naturel régional du Pilat ) is a protected area of mountainous countryside in the Rhône - Alpes region of southeastern France .
Vayda - Guba ( Russian : Вайда-Губа ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 15 meters ( 49 ft ) above sea level .
Palermo Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Palermo , located in Palermo , Sicily , southern Italy .
Szlasy - Leszcze ( ˈʂlasɨ ˈlɛʂt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Khnkoyan ( Armenian : Խնկոյան ; formerly , Karaboya and Khrkoyan ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Kondoreh ( Persian : كندره‎ ; also known as Kondor ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The National Reconstruction Movement ( Mouvman pou Rekonstriksyon Nasyonal / Mouvement pour la Reconstruction Nationale)is a political party in Haiti .
Beyt - e Savadi ( Persian : بيت سوادي‎ , also Romanized as Beyt - e Savādī ; also known as Bait as Suwadi , Beyt - e Savādīpūr , and Qaryeh - ye Sa'vādī ) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Sail and Anchor Hotel is located on the corner of South Terrace and Henderson Street in Fremantle , Western Australia , opposite the Fremantle Markets .
XHPOP - FM , better known as Radio Disney 99.3 , is a radio station in Mexico City that broadcasts pop , rock music and dance music .
Aq Chay ( Persian : اق چاي‎ , also Romanized as Āq Chāy ; also known as Agh Chay and Āq Chāq ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , in the Central District of Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Sainte - Lucie - de - Beauregard Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSU4 ) , was located adjacent to Sainte - Lucie - de - Beauregard , Quebec , Canada .
Ipetumodu is a city in Osun State , in the southwestern part of Nigeria .
Le Puy - en - Velay ( French pronunciation : ​(lə pɥiɑ̃vəlɛ ) ; Occitan : Lo Puèi de Velai ( lu ˈpœj ðə vəˈlaj ) ) is a commune in the Haute - Loire department in south - central France near the Loire river .
The Operation Sunshine was an anti - demolition operation in occupied Norway from October 1944 to May 1945 .
Makerere University College of Health Sciences ( MakCHS ) is a constituent college of Makerere University , Uganda 's oldest university .
Khaama Press ( KP ) ( Pashto : خامه پرس، افغان انلاین خبرونو وب پانه ) ( Persian : خامه پرس، روزنامه انلاين افغانستان ) is the largest Afghan online newspaper and was established in October 2010 in Kabul , Afghanistan by Khushnood Nabizada , an Afghan journalist .
Shotor Khosb ( Persian : شترخسب‎ ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tereszyn ( tɛˈrɛʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sławsko ( ˈswafskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Biabani - ye Bala ( Persian : بياباني بالا‎ , also Romanized as Bīābānī - ye Bālā ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Salka Airport ( also Nizhny Tagil Salka and Nizhny Tagil Northeast ) is an airport in Russia located 17 km northeast of Nizhny Tagil .
Moat Preah is a village in Pursat Province of western Cambodia .
Ichmoul is a town in north - eastern Algeria .
Maamme ( Finnish : ( ˈmɑːmːe ) , `` our land '' ) or Vårt land ( Swedish : ( ˈvoːʈ ˈlanːd ) ) is the title of Finland 's national anthem .
Al - Halawiyah Madrasa ( Arabic : المدرسة الحلاوية‎ ) is a madrasah complex located in al - Jalloum district of the Ancient city of Aleppo , Syria .
Fannaråkbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
S.S. Sturmbrigade R.O.N.A. ( also known as the Kaminski Brigade ) was an anti - partisan formation composed of people from the so - called Lokot Autonomy territory in the Nazi Germany - occupied areas of Russia during World War II . First appearing in late 1941 as auxiliary police , the unit initially numbered 200 personnel .
The Argentine Naval Prefecture ( Spanish : Prefectura Naval Argentina or PNA ) is a service of the Argentine Security Ministry charged with protecting the country 's rivers and maritime territory .
Svay Pao ( Khmer : ឃុំស្វាយប៉ោ ) is a khum ( commune ) of Battambang District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
Różanystok ( ruʐaˈnɨstɔk ) is a village and former monastery in northeastern Poland , known regionally for both its ornate 18th - century minor basilica and its agricultural magnet school .
The 1999 Canadian Grand Prix was a Formula One race held on June 13 , 1999 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal , Canada .
Kushgeh Darreh ( Persian : كوشگه دره‎ , also Romanized as Kūshgeh Darreh ; also known as Kosk Darreh and Kūshk Darreh ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kimsquit is a former village of the Nuxalk at the mouth of the Dean River on the northeast side of Dean Channel in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada .
Vassås Church ( Norwegian : Vassås kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Bindal in Nordland county , Norway .
Her Majesty 's Treasury ( HM Treasury ) , sometimes referred to as the Exchequer , or more informally the Treasury , is the United Kingdom government department responsible for developing and executing the British government 's public finance policy and economic policy .
Totley also lends its name to Totley Tunnel , the longest underland rail tunnel in the United Kingdom .
South Island Distance Education School is located at 4575 Wilkinson Rd , Victoria , BC Victoria , BC , Canada , V8Z 7E8 Mr. Kevin White is now the Principal .
The Royal Air Force ( RAF ) is the United Kingdom 's aerial warfare force .
Zgošća ( Cyrillic : Згошћа ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Waitohi , Waitohi Flat and Upper Waitohi are small farming centres from 5 to 16 km west of Temuka and north of the Opihi river , South Canterbury in New Zealand .
The Fredericton City Hall is the meeting place of the Fredericton City Council in Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Jamsam is a village in the Madhubani district of Bihar state , India .
Mazhiq ( in Albanian ) or Mažić ( in Serbian : Мажић ) is a village in the municipality of Mitrovica in the District of Mitrovica , Kosovo .
Little Buds Vidya Niketan School is a school in New Allapur , Borabanda , Hyderabad , Andhra Pradesh 500018 , India .
Mount Speke lies in the Ruwenzori Mountains National Park in Uganda and is the second highest peak in this range .
Linkou District ( Chinese : 林口區 ; pinyin : Línkǒu Qū ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Nâ - kháu khu ) is a district in the western part of New Taipei in northern Taiwan .
Budanje ( pronounced ( buˈdaːnjɛ ) ; German : Budaine ; Italian : Budagne ) is a settlement in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Gaâfour ( 36 ° 20 ' N 9 ° 19 ' E ) is a town and commune in the Siliana Governorate , north - western Tunisia , located 120 kilometers southwest of Tunis .
Mount D'Urville is the highest point on Auckland Island , one of New Zealand 's subantarctic outlying islands , and is named after French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville .
Fort de la Encarnación on the Repocura River was built in 1666 by the Royal Governor of Chile Francisco de Meneses Brito .
Ana Khatun ( Persian : اناخاتون‎ , also Romanized as Ānā Khātūn and Anakhatoon ) is a village in Esperan Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Changi Air Base ( ICAO : WSSS ) or Changi Air Base ( West ) ( Changi West Complex ) , formerly RAF Changi , is an airfield military airbase of the Republic of Singapore Air Force located at Changi , in the eastern tip of Singapore .
The University of Greifswald ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡʁaɪfsvalt ) ; German : Ernst - Moritz - Arndt - Universität Greifswald ) is a public research university located in Greifswald , Germany , in the state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Vinogradnoe ( Ukrainian : Виноградное , Vynohradne , Russian : Виноградное , Vinogradnoye ) is a commune in the Grigoriopol sub - district of Transnistria , Moldova .
Glenmore railway station served the village of Glenmore , County Donegal in County Donegal , Ireland .
The Meetjesland is a historical region in the north - west of the province East Flanders in Belgium .
Lake Tegel ( German : Tegeler See ) , is the second largest lake in Berlin , Germany .
Chenar Shureh ( Persian : چنارشوره‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Shūreh ) is a village in Gerit Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Diliskelesi is a port in Turkey .
Otaqvar District ( Persian : بخش اطاقور‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tututawa is a locality and rural centre in east Taranaki , New Zealand , 26 kilometres ( 16 mi ) east of Stratford , with a population of approximately 40 .
Mahaddhoo is one of the uninhabited islands of Gaafu Alif Atoll belonging to the Maldives .
Ciampino railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Ciampino ) serves the town and comune of Ciampino , in the region of Lazio , central Italy .
Ungma is a historic village situated 10 km south of the heart of Mokokchung town in India .
Radymno ( raˈdɨmnɔ ) ( Ukrainian : Радимно Radymno , Yiddish : רעדעם‎ Redem ) is a town in south - eastern Poland with 5,543 inhabitants ( 02.06.2009 ) .
Lyuksyugyun ( Russian : Люксюгюн ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , and one of three settlements in Aryktakhsky Rural Okrug of Kobyaysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , in addition to Aryktakh , the administrative center of the Rural Okrug and Khatyryk - Khomo .
Yacyretá Island ( Spanish : Isla Yacyretá ; Guaraní : jasý retã `` land of the Moon '' ) is an island in the Misiones Department , Paraguay , located in the Paraná River , sectioned by the Yacyretá Dam .
Ramat HaShofet ( Hebrew : רָמַת הַשּׁוֹפֵט , lit . The Judge Heights ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Arum Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island , Canada , south of the Tsable River and south of the town of Comox .
Elekistra ( Greek : Ελεκίστρα , also Ελικίστρα ) is a village and a community in the municipality of Patras , Achaea , Greece .
The Habo Mission Covenant Church ( Swedish : Habo missionskyrka ) is a church building in Habo , Sweden .
Viskyar Mountain ( Bulgarian : Вискяр ) is a minor range of hills in western Bulgaria rising to 1077 m ( Mechi Kamak Peak ) , and bounded by Lyulin Mountain to the southeast , Sofia Valley to the northeast , Zavalska Mountain to the northwest , and Graovo Valley to the southwest .
Do Polan ( Persian : دوپلان‎ , also Romanized as Do Polān , Dooplan , and Du Pulān ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Zvirgzdene parish ( Latvian : Zvirgzdenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Cibla Municipality , Latvia .
The Klejnárka is a river which flows through the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Stupniki ( stupˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Merkezefendi is a new intracity district and second level municipality in Denizli Province , Turkey .
Mattighofen is a town in the district of Braunau am Inn , part of the Innviertel region , in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
FK Mladost Apatin ( Serbian Cyrillic : ФК Младост Апатин ) is a football club based in Apatin , Vojvodina , Serbia .
Kahal ( Hebrew : כָּחָל ) is a moshav in the Galilee near Highway 85 in northern Israel .
Oberfucking is a populated place in Upper Austria , Austria .
Riese Pio X ( regularly shortened Riese ) is a municipality in northeast Italy located in the province of Treviso in the Region of Veneto .
The Conservatoire de musique et d'art dramatique du Québec ( CMADQ ) is a public network of nine state - subsidised schools offering higher education in music and theatre in Quebec , Canada .
Kamenický Šenov ( German : Steinschönau ) is a town in the Liberec region , Czech Republic .
Cementerio Británico de Buenos Aires , also known as Buenos Aires British cemetery , is a cemetery in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Trunojoyo University is a public university located in the Bangkalan Regency ( on Madura island ) , in East Java province , Indonesia .
Makrynoros ( Greek : Μακρυνόρος ) is a forested mountain range dominating the northern part of Aetolia - Acarnania in western Greece .
The holy place of Baba Dhansar is located at Karua Jheel ( Pond ) near village Karua , 17 km from Reasi towards Katra in Reasi district of Jammu & Kashmir State , India .
Manipay Hindu College ( Tamil : மானிப்பாய் இந்து கல்லூரி Māṉippāy Intu Kallūri , Sinhalese : මනිපායි හින්දු විද්‍යාලය ) is a provincial school in Manipay , Sri Lanka .
Gare de Brest is the railway station serving Brest , France .
The South Luzon Expressway ( SLE or SLEx ) , formerly known as the South Superhighway ( SSH ) , Manila South Diversion Road ( MSDR ) , and Manila South Expressway ( MSEX ) , is a network of two expressways that connects Metro Manila to the provinces of the CALABARZON region in the Philippines .
Wartkowice ( vartkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ząbie ( ˈzɔmbjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gārsene Manor is a Neo - Gothic manor house located in the historical region of Selonia , in Latvia .
As of 2011 India census , Usawan had a population of 19,000 ( approx ) .
The Labia Theatre is an independent movie house located in 68 Orange Street , Gardens , Cape Town , South Africa .
Brunsbüttel is a town in the district of Dithmarschen , in Schleswig - Holstein , northern Germany that lies on the mouth of the Elbe river , near the North Sea .
Mohra Topian is a village in Gujar Khan Tehsil , a sub - division of Rawalpindi District , Pakistan .
The Noire River ( also known as the Black River ) is a river in western Quebec , Canada .
Sarıxanlı ( also , Sarxanlı and Sarykhanly ) is a village and the most populous municipality , except the capital Imishli , in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kobe Maritime Museum is a museum in Kobe , Japan focusing on the history of Japanese shipping and Kobe harbor .
In France , the Chemin des Dames ( literally , the `` ladies ' path '' ) is part of the D18 and runs east and west in the département of Aisne , between in the west , the Route Nationale 2 , ( Laon to Soissons ) and in the east , the D1044 at Corbeny .
Helligdomsklipperne ( Sanctuary Rocks ) are a group of rocks on the island of Bornholm , Denmark , 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) from Gudhjem and 4.9 kilometres ( 3.0 mi ) from Tejn .
The Nové Mlýny reservoirs ( Czech : Vodní dílo Nové Mlýny ) are three reservoirs behind the Nové Mlýny Dam on the Dyje River in the Czech Republic .
Jyväskylä Airport ( IATA : JYV , ICAO : EFJY ; Finnish : Jyväskylän lentoasema ) is an airport in Jyväskylä , Finland .
Tappeh Kuik ( Persian : تپه كوئيك‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Kū'īk ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Berja ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈbeɾxa ) ) is a municipality of Almería province , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Tuvuca ( pronounced ( tuˈβuða ) ) is a small island off Vanua Balavu in Fiji 's Lau archipelago , it is a densely wooded and inhabited island and rises 800 feet above sea level at the highest point .
Dehdari - ye Shurab ( Persian : دهداري شوراب‎ , also Romanized as Dehdārī - ye Shūrāb ; also known as Dehdārī ) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Zaplanina ( pronounced ( zaplaˈniːna ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Vransko in central Slovenia .
Turku Castle ( Finnish : Turun linna , Swedish : Åbo slott ) is a medieval building in the city of Turku in Finland .
Makhand ( Persian : مخند‎ ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Åboland ( Finnish : Turunmaa ) is a sub - region in the archipelago of the Southwest Finland region in south - western Finland .
Algemesí ( Valencian pronunciation : ( aʎdʒemeˈzi ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Bardiyeh - ye Kuchek ( Persian : برديه كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Bardīyeh - ye Kūchek ; also known as Daḩīmāvīyeh and Dakhmāvīyeh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Chemin des Révoires is a pathway within Les Révoires district of the Principality of Monaco .
O'Chiese 203 is an Indian reserve in Alberta , Canada and is one of two reserves under the administration of the O'Chiese First Nation , a Saulteaux government .
Mehr - e Sofla ( Persian : مهرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mehr - e Soflá ; also known as Mast - e Pā’īn , Mast - e Soflá , and Mast - i - Pain ) is a village in Enaj Rural District , Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Doktor Yosifovo is a village in Montana Municipality , Montana Province , western Bulgaria .
Alotau is the capital of Milne Bay Province , in the south - east of Papua New Guinea .
Binamaz ( Persian : بي نماز‎ , also Romanized as Bīnamāz ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sumska Street ( Ukrainian : Сумська , Sums'ka ; Russian : Сумская , Sumskaya ) is the main street of Kharkiv , Ukraine .
The Bukhansanseong ( Korean : 북한산성 , `` fortress of the mountains north of the Han '' ) is a fortress located in Gyeonggi - do and Seoul , South Korea , dating back to the middle Joseon period .
Hohe Kanzel is a hill of Hesse , Germany .
Ustrovka ( Russian : Устровка ) is a village in Sandovsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Kuching High School ( KHS ) ( 古晋高级国民型中学 ) is a three - acre public secondary school located at the centre of Kuching , which is the capital of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Mylikouri ( Greek : Μυλικούρι ) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located just south of Kykkos Monastery .
Takht - e Chenar ( Persian : تختچنار‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Chenār ) is a village in Saidabad Rural District , in the Jajrud District of Pardis County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Kaikoura Aerodrome ( IATA : KBZ , ICAO : NZKI ) is an uncontrolled aerodrome located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) southwest of Kaikoura at Puketa on the South Island of New Zealand .
Søllested was the administrative centre of the former Højreby Municipality in Denmark .
Varkohleh ( Persian : وركهله‎ , also Romanized as Varkohleh ; also known as Varkohleh - ye Sarqaleh ) is a village in Manj Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Khunikak ( Persian : خونيكك‎ , also Romanized as Khūnīkak ; also known as Khūnīk , Kalāteh Khūnīk , Kalāteh - ye Khūnīk , Khonik , and Khosrowābād Bālā ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lopphavet is a stretch of open sea between Troms and Finnmark , Norway .
Yob Wildlife Reserve is a protected area in the Northern Red Sea and Anseba regions of northern Eritrea .
No . 17 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force radar station formed at Burrewarra Point , Guerilla Bay , New South Wales , Australia on 12 April 1943 .
Zgornji Otok ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈɔːtɔk ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Seyidbəyli ( Armenian : Խաչեն ( Khatchen ) ) , also Seyidshen , is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bhong is a small town of Rahim Yar Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Uppland Runic Inscription 1146 or U 1146 is the Rundata catalog designation for a Viking Age memorial runestone that is located in Gillberga , which is about 1 kilometer east of Tierp , Uppsala County , Sweden , which is in the historic province of Uppland .
The Arawhata River ( often spelt with the Ngai Tahu Maori dialect spelling Arawata River ) is in the West Coast region of the South Island of New Zealand .
The Tour La Villette ( previously known as the Tour Daewoo , Tour Périphérique and Tour Olympe ) is an office skyscraper located in Aubervilliers , in the inner suburbs of Paris , France .
Sarhangi ( Persian : سرهنگي‎ , also Romanized as Sarhangī ; also known as Borj - e Sarhangī ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Ringerike Line ( Norwegian : Ringeriksbanen or Ringeriksbana ) is a proposed 40-kilometre ( 25 mi ) extension of the Bergen Line from Hønefoss to Sandvika , Norway .
Dastgeer Sahib is a Sufi shrine of Sheikh Syed Abdul Qadir Jelani ( Gous E Azam ) located in Khaniyar , Srinagar , Jammu and kashmir , India .
Savoy Castle , also known as Savoy Mansion ( Hungarian : Savoyai Kastély ) , is an 18th - century Baroque style château located in Ráckeve , Hungary .
Podgorje ob Sevnični ( pronounced ( pɔdˈɡoːɾjɛ ɔp ˈseːu̯nitʃni ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Asadli ( Persian : اسدلي‎ , also Romanized as Asadlī ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Skogerøytoppen ( Northern Sami : Ákkelgáisá ) is the highest mountain on the island of Skogerøya in Sør - Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Kilballyowen ( Irish : Cill Bhaile Eoghain ) is a civil parish and a Catholic parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Boston Beach is a coastal community on the north coast of the island of Jamaica , with a public beach which is one of the few beaches in Jamaica attracting surfers .
Kampoi ( Greek : Κάμποι ) is a village in the municipal unit of Keramia on the island of Crete , Greece .
Kiebingen is a suburban district of Rottenburg am Neckar in the administrative district of Tübingen in Baden - Württemberg ( Germany ) .
Berau Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Berau ) is one of the six regencies in East Kalimantan province in Indonesia .
Stok Polski ( ˈstɔk ˈpɔlski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Mummelsee is a 17-metre - deep lake at the western mountainside of the Hornisgrinde in the Northern Black Forest of Germany .
In the United Kingdom , a Deputy Lieutenant is a Crown appointment and one of several deputies to the Lord Lieutenant of a lieutenancy area : an English ceremonial county , Welsh preserved county , Scottish lieutenancy area , or Northern Irish county borough or county .
After the Anthems is a band based in Mississauga Ontario , Canada and originally from Owen Sound .
Ključarovci pri Ljutomeru ( pronounced ( kljuˈtʃaːɾɔu̯tsi pɾi ˈljuːtɔmɛɾu ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia .
Assin Praso is a town in the Assin North Municipal District of the Central Region in Ghana
Svartsö is an island located in the Stockholm archipelago in Sweden .
The Venetian People 's Movement ( Italian : Movimento Popolare Veneto , MPV ) was a Christian - democratic and regionalist political party in Veneto , Italy .
The Trident Grand Residence is a 45-floor , 179 m high tower in the Dubai Marina Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Jalan Datin Halimah ( Johor state road J3 ) or Jalan Kolam Ayer is a major roads in Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia .
Crmnica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Црмница , pronounced ( tsř̩mnitsa ) ) is a historical region in southern Montenegro , lying within the municipality of Bar and is unofficially considered a division of that municipality .
Harike Wetland also known as `` Hari - ke - Pattan '' , with the Harike Lake in the deeper part of it , is the largest wetland in northern India in the border of Tarn Taran Sahib district and Ferozepur district of the Punjab state in India .
Poznan University of Medical Sciences ( Polish : Uniwersytet Medyczny i m . Karola Marcinkowskiego w Poznaniu ) is a prominent Polish medical university , located in the city of Poznań in western Poland .
Escondido Lake / Lago Escondido is a lake in Argentina .
Dhaular is a village of Tehsil Talagang , in the Punjab Province , Chakwal District , Pakistan .
The Malacca Strait Bridge ( Malay / Indonesian : Jambatan / Jembatan Selat Melaka / Malaka or JSM and Jembatan Selmal ) is a proposed bridge that would connect Telok Gong , near Masjid Tanah , Malacca state in Peninsula Malaysia , Malaysia to Rupat Island and Dumai in Sumatra island , Indonesia .
Seesen is a town and municipality in the district of Goslar , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Royal Oak Mall is a shopping centre in Auckland , New Zealand which was expanded in the mid-1980s .
Gergereh ( Persian : گرگره‎ ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tenayuca ( Nahuatl : tenanyōcān ) is a pre - Columbian Mesoamerican archaeological site in the Valley of Mexico .
Nowa Sobótka ( ˈnɔva sɔˈbutka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cordovilla is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca , western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon .
The San Carlos Palace ( Spanish : Palacio de San Carlos ; previously Colegio Seminario de San Bartolomé ) , is a 16th - century Neoclassical mansion in Bogotá , Colombia .
Nohmul ( or Noh Mul ) is a pre - Columbian Maya archaeological site located on the eastern Yucatán Peninsula , in what is today northern Belize .
Melesse ( Breton : Meled , Gallo : Melècz ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Bazman ( Persian : بزمان , also known as Kuh - e Bazman‎ ) is a stratovolcano in a remote desert region of Sistan and Baluchestan Province in southeastern Iran .
Finchingfield and Cornish Hall End combined had a population of 1,471 at the United Kingdom Census 2011 .
Lirehi ( Persian : ليره اي‎ , also Romanized as Līreh’ī and Leyreh’ī ) is a village in Gabrik Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mineirão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( minejˈɾɐ̃w ) ) , officially Estádio Governador Magalhães Pinto ( Governor Magalhães Pinto Stadium ) is the largest football stadium in the state of Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Khan Bani Saad ( Arabic : مدينة خان بني سعد Madīna Khān Banī Sa`ad ) is a majority Shia Arab city in Diyala Governorate , Iraq .
Brunška Gora ( pronounced ( ˈbɾuːnʃka ˈgɔːɾa ) ; in older sources also Bruniška Gora ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia .
Bukit Baka Bukit Raya National Park is a national park located on Borneo Island , Indonesia .
Dongnae Girls ' High School ( Korean : 동래여자고등학교 ) is a private girls high school located in Bugok-3-dong , Geumjeong - gu , Busan , South Korea .
Mehkuyeh - ye Olya ( Persian : مهكويه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Mehkūyeh - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Mehkūyeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 18 families .
Nurzhol Boulevard ( Kazakh : бульвар `` Нұржол '' Bulvar Nurzhol , formerly known as `` сулы-нулы бульвар '' Green Water Boulevard ) is the national boulevard of Kazakhstan , a pedestrian area in the new business and administrative centre on the left bank of Ishim river , in the capital , Astana .
Takhatgarh is a town in Sumerpur tehsil of Pali District of Rajasthan state in India .
Masileh - ye Abdi ( Persian : مسيله عبدي‎ , also Romanized as Masīleh - ye `` Abdī and Masīleh `` Abdī ) is a village in Kaki Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Perai , alternatively known as Prai , is a township and a major industrial area located in Penang , Malaysia .
Pillar of Salt is the name of a Grade II listed road sign on Angel Hill Bury St Edmunds in the United Kingdom .
Sar Taruna ( Persian : سرترونا‎ , also Romanized as Sar Tarūnā ; also known as Sar Tanūrān ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Toledo railway station is a railway station in Toledo , Spain , which was designed by architect Narciso Clavería y de Palacios in the Neo - Mudéjar style .
Bablake School is a co - educational Independent school located in Coventry , England and founded in 1344 by Queen Isabella , making it one of the oldest schools in the United Kingdom ( List of the oldest schools in the United Kingdom ) .
Agriakona ( Greek : Αγριακόνα ) is a village in the municipal unit of Valtetsi , Arcadia , Greece .
Purkače ( in older sources also Purkarče ) is a small settlement just north of the road from Rob to Krvava Peč in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Malangen ( Northern Sami : Málatvuotna or Kven : Malankivuono ) is a former municipality in Troms county in Norway .
Khuy Suroq ( Persian : خوي سورق‎ , also Romanized as Khūy Sūroq ; also known as Khūy Būrūq and Khvoy Sareh ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
In 1920 there were in all of Iraq only five primary schools that were accessible for girls , and one of them was in Dohuk .
Jan Mohammad Chahi ( Persian : جان محمدچاهي‎ , also Romanized as Jān Moḩammad Chāhī ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Central District of Mirjaveh County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wini Wini ( Aymara wini a very heavy and hard stone used to work others , the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something , hispanicized spelling Huini Huini ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Named after the last pagan ruling prince , Taksony of Hungary , Taksony is a village of roughly 6,000 inhabitants roughly 23 kilometers south of Budapest , on the bank of the Ráckeve branch of the Danube known as Kisduna ( Little Danube ) .
Redlica ( rɛˈdlit͡sa ) ( German : Marienthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Cortemaggiore is located in the northern Italy about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) from Milan and 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) from Bologna , in the zone of Italy called `` Pianura Padana '' .
Sungai Penuh is a city in Indonesia , in Jambi province , on the island of Sumatra .
Zagajica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Загајица ) is a village in Serbia .
Karpenisi ( Greek : Καρπενήσι ) is a town in central Greece .
The Parlamentarischer Rat ( German for `` Parliamentary Council '' ) was the West German constituent assembly in Bonn that drafted and adopted the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany ( Grundgesetz ) , promulgated on 23 May 1949 .
In 2006 Gebrüder Thonet becomes Thonet GmbH. Today , Thorsten Muck runs the company with its head offices and production facilities in Frankenberg / Eder ( Germany ) .
Improvement District No . 349 is an improvement district in northeast Alberta , Canada .
Figuralchor der Gedächtniskirche Stuttgart is a mixed church- and concert choir based in Stuttgart , Germany .
Gare de Cannes - La Bocca is a railway station in the city of Cannes , southern France .
Elgoibar ( Spanish : Elgóibar ) is an industrial town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Vresse - sur - Semois ( French pronunciation : ​(vʁɛs.syʁ.sə.mwa ) ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Namur .
Lniano ( ˈlɲanɔ ) is a village in Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Yeli Bolagh ( Persian : يلي بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Yelī Bolāgh ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Gharbi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ghezala is a town of north - western Tunisia located at 50 kilometres west of Bizerte and 70 kilometres northwest of Tunis .
Zeri is a comune in the province of Massa and Carrara , Tuscany , central Italy .
Shahrak - e Horr ( Persian : شهرك حر‎‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Ḩorr and Shahrak - e Ḩor ) is a village in Sar Joulaki Rural District , Joulaki District , Aghajari County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The village Kirkjubæjarklaustur ( Icelandic for `` church farm cloister '' , pronounced ( ˈcʰɪrcjʏˌpaɪjarˌkʰlœɪstʏr ) ; often referred to locally as just Klaustur ) is a village in the south of Iceland on the hringvegur ( road no . 1 or Ring Road ) between Vík í Mýrdal and Höfn .
Sharbazher is a district Sharbazher District , Sulaymaniyah Governoratae , Iraq .
Mała Wieś Górna ( ˈmawa ˈvjɛɕ ˈɡurna ) ( German : Ober Halbendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Taszewskie Pole ( taˈʂɛfskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Vardhman Academy is a private secondary school run by the Jain Boarding House Society in Meerut , India .
Liinmaa Castle ( German : Vreghdenborch ) was a medieval castle in Eurajoki in the province of Satakunta in Finland .
Aalim Muhammed Salegh College of Engineering or A.M.S College of Engineering is an engineering college affiliated to Anna University , India located in Muthapudupet , Avadi , Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
San Giovannino dei Cavalieri ( Young St. John the Baptist of the Knights ) previously named Church of San Giovanni Decollato ( Decapitated St. John ) , is a parish church situated in Via San Gallo in central Florence , Italy .
The Palacio de la Aduana ( `` Customs Palace '' ) is a building in Málaga , Andalusia , Spain , originally a customs house for the Port of Málaga .
Gerdelat ( Persian : گردلات‎ , also Romanized as Gerdelāt ; also known as Gerdeh Lāt ) is a village in Kalisham Rural District , Amarlu District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Laodao River ( simplified Chinese : 捞刀河 ; traditional Chinese : 撈刀河 ; pinyin : Lāodāohé ) , also known as Laotang River ( Chinese : 捞塘河 ) and Liaohu River ( Chinese : 潦浒河 ) , is a river in Changsha , capital of Hunan province , in the People 's Republic of China .
The Terryland Forest Park is an urban forest park in Galway , Ireland .
Edenmore is a locality within Raheny on the Northside of Dublin , Ireland , with several housing developments and a large municipal park .
Jarra Central is one of the six districts of the Lower River Division of the Gambia .
Tompojevci ( Rusyn : томпоєвци ) is a village and municipality in the Vukovar - Syrmia County in Croatia .
Sarilabad ( Persian : سريل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sarīlābād ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Mahali Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bojnice Castle ( Slovak : Bojnický zámok , Hungarian : Bajmóci vár ) is a medieval castle in Bojnice , Slovakia .
Mazraeh - ye Nanva ( Persian : مزرعه نانوا‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Nānvā ) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Figueira Pavão is a settlement in the southeastern part of the island of Fogo , Cape Verde .
The Military Order of St. Henry ( Militär - St . Heinrichs - Orden ) was a military order of the Kingdom of Saxony , a member state of the German Empire .
Ahmadalilar Mausoleum ( Azerbaijani : Arğalı türbəsi ) is a mausoleum in the Əhmədalılar village of Fuzuli Rayon , Azerbaijan .
Sierra de Algairén is a mountain range in Aragon , Spain , located between the comarcas of Campo de Cariñena and Comunidad de Calatayud .
It is a town or town area committee in Zunheboto district in the state of Nagaland , India .
Dobrzyca - Nowy Świat ( dɔˈbʐɨt͡sa ˈnɔvɨ ˈɕfjat ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kazygurt District ( Kazakh : Қазығұрт ауданы ) is a district of South Kazakhstan Region in southern Kazakhstan .
Hunt Club is a community in River Ward , in the south end of Ottawa , Canada .
Jiuchong ( Chinese : 九重 ; pinyin : jiǔchóng ) is a town in Xichuan County , southwestern Henan province , People 's Republic of China .
Maragheh ( Persian : مراغه‎‎ , Azerbaijani : مراغا Mәrağa ) , also Romanized as Marāgheh ; also known as Marāgha ) , is a city in and the capital of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The 1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Budapest , Hungary , at the Kincsem Park on March 26 , 1994 .
Ömercik , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
Fleißenbach ( Czech : Plesná ) is a river of Czech Republic ( Karlovy Vary Region ) and Germany ( Saxony ) .
Kim Liên is a large village and commune in the Nam Đàn district of Nghe An province in Vietnam .
Ngamatapouri is a small rural locality in the Waitotara River valley , 47 km north of Waitotara village , in south Taranaki , New Zealand .
CONTEST is the name of the United Kingdom 's counter - terrorism strategy .
111 George Street is a building on George Street in the Brisbane central business district , Australia which was completed in 1993 .
Sippar ( Sumerian : Zimbir ) was an ancient Near Eastern city on the east bank of the Euphrates river , located at the site of modern Tell Abu Habbah in Iraq 's Babil Governorate , some 60 km north of Babylon and 30 km southwest of Baghdad .
Companies House is the United Kingdom 's registrar of companies and is an executive agency and trading fund of Her Majesty 's Government .
Pirogoshi Cave is the largest cave in Albania .
Zirka Stadium is a multifunctional facility , primarily used for football located in Kirovohrad , Ukraine .
From 1909 until the Spanish Civil War , naval construction in Spain was monopolized by the Sociedad Española de Construcción Naval - ( SECN ) also Spanish Society for Naval Construction ( SECN ) .
Seymour Airport ( IATA : GPS , ICAO : SEGS ) is an airport serving the island of Baltra , one of the Galápagos Islands in Ecuador .
Cima Bocche ( 2,745 m ) is a mountain of the Dolomites in Trentino , Italy .
Dehgah Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دهگاه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kiashahr District , Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nullarbor Regional Reserve is a protected area in South Australia located about 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) west of Ceduna .
The Panhellenic Union of Fighting Youths ( Greek : Πανελλήνιος Ένωσις Αγωνιζόμενων Νέων , Panellínios Énosis Agonizómenon Néon , PEAN , ΠΕΑΝ ) was a Greek Resistance organization during the Axis Occupation of Greece in the Second World War .
Farhudiyeh ( Persian : فرهوديه‎ , also Romanized as Farhūdīyeh ; also known as Farhūdī ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Granity is a small town on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island , 28 kilometres ( 17 mi ) north - east of Westport on State Highway 67 .
Kyoto International University ( KIU ) is a small , Christian , international university located in the cultural center of Japan .
Lapuvandan ( Persian : لپوندان‎ , also Romanized as Lapūvandān ; also known as Lapavandān , Lapvandān , and Lyapando ) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Böblingen Airport ( German : Flughafen Böblingen ) ( IATA : PHM ) was built in the mid-1920s for the city of Stuttgart in Germany .
Durabad ( Persian : دوراباد‎ , also Romanized as Dūrābād ) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Quezon ( Tagalog pronunciation : ( ˈkɛson ) ) is a province of the Philippines in the CALABARZON region of Luzon island .
Omota ( pronounced ( ɔˈmoːta ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Stari Pisker ( meaning in colloquial Slovene : an old pot ) is a former prison in Celje , Slovenia .
Volcán Tajumulco is a large stratovolcano in the department of San Marcos in western Guatemala .
Nopala ( officially : Nopala de Villagrán ; Otomi : ʼMostʼä ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo , in central - eastern Mexico .
The Priargunsky mine is a large open pit mine located near the town of Krasnokamensk in the southern part of Russia in Zabaykalsky Krai .
This includes an online LLM for international professionals and is awarded by Beijing Foreign Studies University , the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Justice of the People 's Republic of China .
Put the Rifle Down is a Canadian Electronic dance band based in Toronto , Canada that were signed to Montreal label Summer Lovers Unlimited .
The Bush Beast was a wooden roller coaster located at Wonderland Sydney in Australia .
Parzew ( ˈpaʐɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Moonah Links Golf Club is a golf club in Rye , Victoria , Australia It has hosted the Australian Open twice .
Kukav ( Persian : كوكاو‎ , also Romanized as Kūkāv ; also known as Kūkāb ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mount Muhabura , also known as Mount Muhavura , is an extinct volcano in the Virunga Mountains on the border between Rwanda and Uganda .
Trzebiel ( ˈtʂɛbjɛl ) ( Lower Sorbian : Trjebule or Trjebul , German : Triebel ) is a village in Żary County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Ullevål Hageby is a residential area and garden city in borough Nordre Aker of Oslo , Norway .
Fort - Liberté ( Haitian Creole : Fòlibète ) is a commune and administrative capital of the Nord - Est Department , Haiti .
Ślęża Landscape Park ( Ślężański Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in south - western Poland , established in 1988 , covering an area of 81.90 square kilometres ( 31.62 sq mi ) .
The Ischia Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Ischia , Italy .
Rupertswood railway station is located on the Melbourne - Bendigo railway in the north - western Melbourne suburb of Sunbury in Victoria , Australia .
The Kodikkunnu Bhagavathy Temple or Kodikkunnu Ambalam is a famous Hindu temple dedicated to Goddess Durga located in the village of Pallippuram , near Pattambi , in Palakkad district of Kerala , India .
Ajdna ( 1064 m ) is a peak in the Karawanks in the Municipality of Žirovnica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Wężnik ( ˈvɛ̃ʐnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Selsbakk is a residential area in Trondheim , Sør - Trøndelag , Norway , approximately 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) south of the city centre .
Trilek Castle ( Slovene : Grad Trilek ) is a small castle or fort near the settlement of Col , in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in southwest Slovenia .
Centre Européen de Recherches Internationales et Stratégiques ( CERIS ) is a private graduate university located in Brussels , Belgium .
Taman Daya Hockey Stadium or Johor State Hockey Stadium is the hockey stadium in Taman Daya , Tebrau , Johor Bahru District , Johor , Malaysia .
Gung - dong is a dong , neighbourhood of Guro - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Rio Verde Pequeno ( Portuguese for `` little green river '' ) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil .
Slangerup is a town in Frederikssund municipality , about 30 km north - west of central Copenhagen , in the Capital Region of Denmark .
Loralai ( Pashto : لورالائی‎ ) is the principal city of Loralai District in the northeast of Balochistan province in Pakistan .
Southmall Manurewa is a shopping centre located in Manurewa , a suburb of Auckland , New Zealand , adjacent to the Manurewa Train Station , 24.7 kilometres ( 15.3 mi ) south - southeast of the Auckland CBD .
Jirg ( Persian : جيرگ‎ , also Romanized as Jīrg , Jīrak , Jirag , and Jīrk ) is a village in Jolgeh - e Mazhan Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Himalayan subtropical pine forests are a large subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion covering portions of Bhutan , India , Nepal , and Pakistan .
Khaneqah Bala va Pain ( Persian : خانقاه بالاوپائين‎ , also Romanized as Khāneqāh Bālā va Pā’īn ; also known as Khal’ge , Khānegāh - e Bālā , Khāneqāh , and Khangah ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Skare Church ( Norwegian : Skare kyrkje ) is a parish church in Odda municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Berlevåg Church ( Norwegian : Berlevåg kirke ) is a parish church in Berlevåg Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Hoherodskopf is a mountain peak in the Vogelsberg of Hesse , Germany .
Volcán Ixtepeque is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala .
Roodt railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Rued , French : Gare de Roodt , German : Bahnhof Roodt ) is a railway station serving Roodt - sur - Syre , in the commune of Betzdorf , in eastern Luxembourg .
Eshpalam ( Persian : اشپلم‎ ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Parti Rakyat Sarawak or , PRS ( English : Sarawak Peoples ' Party ) is a political party in Malaysia .
Zardaki - ye Sofla ( Persian : زردكي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zardakī - ye Soflá and Zardaki Sofla ; also known as Zardaki and Zardakī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Angali Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Svoronata ( Greek : Σβορωνάτα ) is a village in the municipal unit Leivathos , southern Cephalonia , Greece .
Zbytkowo ( zbɨtˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Bitterhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Besiberri Massif ( Catalan : Massís del Besiberri ) is a mountain massif of the central area of the Pyrenees , Lleida , Catalonia , Spain .
Bobo - Dioulasso is a city in Burkina Faso with a population of about 537,728 ( as of 2012 ) , it is the second largest city in the country , after Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso 's capital .
District Jail Gujrat is an old jail situated in Gujrat , Pakistan .
The Severomuysky Range ( Russian : Се́веро-Му́йский хребе́т , Severo - Muyskiy khrebet , literally Northern Muya Range ) is a mountain range in Buryatia , Russia , part of the Stanovoy Highlands .
Mohlabetsi Conservancy , borders the Klaserie Game Reserve , which in its turn borders the Kruger Park , close to Hoedspruit , in the Limpopo province , South Africa .
The Progressive Labour Movement was a major political party in Antigua and Barbuda , and until the 2000s , was the only political party to have defeated the Antigua Labour Party in an election .
Praça Sete de Setembro ( Sete de Setembro Square ) normally called Praça Sete , is a square inside Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais , Brazil , in the center of the city 's downtown .
Durjan ( Persian : درجن‎ , also Romanized as Dūrjan and Dowrjen ; also known as Darjan ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Cobue is a small lake - side town in Niassa Province , in north - west Mozambique .
Zuzela ( zuˈzɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Nilgiri Himal is a range of three peaks in the Annapurna massif in Nepal .
Coatréven ( Breton : Koatreven ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Al Muaisem is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province , in western Saudi Arabia .
Rusajny ( ruˈsai̯nɨ ) ( German : Roschenen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Republican Palace ( Arabic : القصر الجمهوري al - Qaṣr al - Ǧumhūriy ) is a palace in Baghdad , Iraq , constructed on the orders of King Faisal II . It was Saddam Hussein 's preferred place to meet visiting heads of state .
The Wendish - German double church ( Lower Sorbian Serbsko - nimska dwójna cerkwja we Wětošowje ) is a so - called double church in Vetschau ( Wětošow)/Spreewald , Germany .
The Burmese passport or the Myanmar passport is the passport issued to citizens and nationals of Burma ( officially called `` the Republic of the Union of Myanmar '' ) .
Radyně Castle is a castle situated on a hill of the same name , near the town of Starý Plzenec , in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
St. George 's Caye is an island in the Caribbean Sea , eight miles east of Belize City .
The Hôtel de la Chambre des Députés ( English : Hall of the Chamber of Deputies ) is the meeting place of the Luxembourgish national legislature , the Chamber of Deputies , in Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Wiewierz ( ˈvjɛvjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zlatitsa ( Bulgarian : Златица ) is a town and seat of Zlatitsa Municipality in southern Bulgaria located in the Zlatitsa - Pirdop valley , between Stara Planina to the north and Sredna Gora to the south at 680 meters above the sea level .
Ardanj ( Persian : اردنج‎ ) is a village in Yam Rural District , Meshkan District , Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kłodkowo ( kwɔtˈkɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Klätkow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bárðarbunga ( ( ˈpaurðarpuŋka ) ) , Bardarbunga ( Anglophone spelling ) , is a stratovolcano located under Vatnajökull , Iceland 's most extensive glacier .
The Cephalonia Prefecture ( Greek : Νομός Κεφαλληνίας ) was a prefecture in Greece , containing the Ionian islands of Cephalonia and Ithaca .
BFC Germania 1888 was founded by 17-year - old Paul Jestram , his three brothers , and a number of their schoolmates from Askanischen Gymnasium at a time when football was not yet common in Germany , the first football games having been played in Berlin and Hamburg in the winter of 1881 - -82 by expatriate Englishmen .
The Asiak River is a waterway in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut in Canada .
Błądkowo ( bwɔntˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Plantikow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Marufan ( Persian : معروفان‎ , also Romanized as Ma``rūfān , Ma``roofan , and Marūfūn ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 90 , in 36 families .
Boumba River is a river in the South Cameroon Plateau of southeast Cameroon .
Khatyngnakh ( Russian : Хатынгнах ; Sakha : Хатыҥнаах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Khatyngnakhsky Rural Okrug of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 64 kilometers ( 40 mi ) from Srednekolymsk , the administrative center of the district .
Mündi ( German : Müntenhof ) is a village in Paide Parish , Järva County in northern - central Estonia known for its manor .
Žigrski Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːɡəɾski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Vecpiebalga parish ( Latvian : Vecpiebalgas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Cēsis District , Latvia .
Thoknia ( Greek : Θωκνία ) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli , Arcadia , Greece .
Franco Miseria ( Marsciano , 1949 ) , choreographer Giancarlo Antognoni ( Marsciano , 1954 ) former footballer , world champion with Italy national football team in 1982 .
Albo Hundred ( Swedish : Albo härad , Danish : Albo Herred ) was a hundred on the east coast of Scania in southern Sweden .
Chah - e Palund ( Persian : چاه پالوند‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Pālūnd ; also known as Chāh - e Pālūn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tianmenshan Temple ( simplified Chinese : 天门山寺 ; traditional Chinese : 天門山寺 ; pinyin : Tiānménshān Sì ) is a Buddhist temple located in Tianmen Mountain of Zhangjiajie , Hunan , in the People 's Republic of China .
The Ngari Capes Marine Park is a protected marine park on the lower south west coast of Western Australia , located approximately 250 kilometres ( 160 mi ) south of Perth .
Dubingiai Castle was a residential castle in Dubingiai , Molėtai district , Lithuania .
Ifsar ( Cyrillic : Ифсар ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Foeni ( German : Föen ; Hungarian : Fény ; Serbian : Фењ or Fenj ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
Kihansi Dam is a hydroelectric dam located on the Kihansi River at the end of the Kihansi Gorge before the convergence with the Ulanga River in Tanzania approximately 450 kilometres ( 280 mi ) southwest of Dar Es Salaam .
The Prince George Free Press was a local weekly newspaper published in Prince George , British Columbia , Canada from 1994 to 2015 .
Kostomłoty Pierwsze ( kɔstɔmˈwɔtɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedziana Góra , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Deli Savari ( Persian : دلي سواري‎ , also Romanized as Delī Savārī ; also known as Delī Savār ) is a village in Poshteh - ye Zilayi Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nowa Wieś Dmochy ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈdmɔxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Iso - Heikkilä Observatory ( Finnish : Iso - Heikkilän tähtitorni ) is an amateur astronomical observatory in the Iso - Heikkilä district of Turku , Finland .
Grkovci ( Cyrillic : Грковци ) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Tainan University of Technology ( TUT ; Chinese : 台南應用科技大學 ) , also known as Tainan Tech ( 台南科大 ; Tai - nan Ke - da ) , is a private university serving approximately 10,000 students in the Tainan metropolitan area in southern Taiwan .
Abidjan is the economic capital of Ivory Coast and is the most populous French - speaking city in West Africa .
Sodo or Wolaita Sodo is a town and separate woreda in south - central Ethiopia .
Futog ( Serbian Cyrillic : Футог ) is a big village in Serbia , in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina .
Ilha Comprida ( Portuguese for `` long island '' ) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Marchtrenk is a municipality with about 12.500 inhabitants in the district Wels - Land in the province Upper Austria of the Republic of Austria .
Ramziyeh - ye Do ( Persian : رمزيه دو‎ , also Romanized as Ramzīyeh - ye Do ; also known as Ramzeyeh - ye Do and Ramzīyeh ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Petit - Tenquin ( Lorraine Franconian : Klä - Tenschen / Klän Tensche , German : Kleintänchen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The Air Forces of the National People 's Army ( German : Luftstreitkräfte der Nationalen Volksarmee - LSK ) was the Air Force of East Germany .
Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre ( BCEC ) is a convention centre in Brisbane , Australia .
Üsküdar American Academy is a private coeducational high school located in Üsküdar borough , Istanbul , Turkey .
Woburn Railway Station is a suburban railway station serving Woburn and Waiwhetu in Lower Hutt , New Zealand .
K'ara K'arani ( Aymara k'ara k'ara crest , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with a crest '' , hispanicized spelling Caracarane ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 4,600 metres ( 15,092 ft ) high .
The mainland part of German New Guinea and the nearby islands of the Bismarck Archipelago and the North Solomon Islands are now part of Papua New Guinea .
Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology ( CBIT ) is a college located in Gandipet , near Financial District , Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Saeftinghe or Saaftinge was a town in the southwest Netherlands , located in eastern Zeeuws - Vlaanderen , near Nieuw - Namen .
Tarrah Rural District ( Persian : دهستان طراح‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kobine is a traditional dance and festival unique to the Lawra area of north western Ghana .
Ullandhaug is a neighborhood ( delområde ) in the borough Hillevåg in Stavanger , Norway .
Chal Ab Morad Ali ( Persian : چال اب مرادعلي‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Āb Morād ʿAlī ; also known as Chāl Āb and Chālū Āb ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Frankfurt Cathedral ( German : Frankfurter Dom ) , officially Cathedral of Saint Bartholomew ( German : Kaiserdom Sankt Bartholomäus ) is a Roman Catholic Gothic church located in the centre of Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Vaskeh ( Persian : وسكه‎ ) is a village in Yeylaqi - ye Ardeh Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Navobod or Nawobod ( Tajik Навобод , Yaghnobi Наԝобод or Навобод ) is a village in northwestern Tajikistan .
Kontea ( Greek : Κοντέα , Turkish : Türkmenköy ) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located 3 km east of Lysi .
Gereshmu ( Persian : گرشمو‎ , also Romanized as Gereshmū ) is a village in Abnama Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Agbogbloshie is a former wetland and suburb of Accra , Ghana known as a destination for locally generated used electronics from the City of Accra .
Firebase Betty ( also known as Currahee Base Camp , Landing Zone Betty or Phan Thiết ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base south of Phan Thiết in Bình Thuận Province , southern Vietnam .
Boga Vas ( pronounced ( ˈboːɡa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Boga vas ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Haukelandshallen is an indoor sport arena in Årstad borough , Bergen , Norway .
Buen Retiro Palace ( Spanish : Palacio del Buen Retiro ) in Madrid was a large palace complex designed by the architect Alonso Carbonell ( c. 1590 - -1660 ) and built on the orders of Philip IV of Spain as a secondary residence and place of recreation ( hence its name ) .
Store Merløse is a town on Sjælland in Denmark with a population of 1,212 ( 1 January 2015 ) .
Đulovići ( Cyrillic : Ђуловићи ) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Azizi - ye Vosta ( Persian : عزيزي وسطي‎ , also Romanized as `` Azīzī - ye Vosţá ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 131 , in 29 families .
Leduc Public Library ( LPL ) is a publicly funded library institution in the city of Leduc , Alberta , Canada .
Kannus is a town and municipality and city of Finland .
Saras Baug is a major landmark in the city of Pune in India .
Cenkova ( pronounced ( ˈtseːnkɔʋa ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerkvenjak in northeastern Slovenia .
Mayak Nikodimsky ( Russian : Маяк Никодимский ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in Tersky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 1 meter ( 3 ft 3 in ) above sea level .
Lake Boya is a small lake about 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) east of Kabongo in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Sabratha , Sabratah or Siburata ( Arabic : صبراتة‎ ) , in the Zawiya District in the northwestern corner of modern Libya , was the westernmost of the `` three cities '' of Tripolis .
Hirske ( Ukrainian : Гірське , Russian : Горское ) is a city in Popasna Raion , Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Hovtamej ( Armenian : Հովտամեջ , also Romanized as Ovtamech and Hovtamech ; formerly , Mugan and Mughanjik ) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
The South Kara Depression is the central part of the South Kara Basin of the Arctic shelf of Russia .
Schwanefeld is a village and a former municipality in the Börde district in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Dalęcino ( dalɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Powierz ( ˈpɔvjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wierzbowizna ( vjɛʐbɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Białkowice ( bjau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Point de mire was a popular Quebec information show on Radio - Canada that aired from 1956 to 1959 .
Bobolice ( bɔbɔˈlʲit͡sɛ ) ( German : Bublitz ) is a town in Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Łempinek ( wɛmˈpinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Binkowice ( biŋkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Spodnje Prapreče ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈpɾaːpɾɛtʃɛ ) ; German : Unterprapretsch ) is a village near Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Korsnes ( Lule Sami : Hierenjárgga ) is a village in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county , Norway .
Givat Washington ( Hebrew : גִבְעַת ווֹשִינְגְטוֹן , lit . Washington Hill ) , also known as Beit Raban ( Hebrew : בֵּית רַבָּן , lit . House of Raban ) is a religious youth village in central Israel .
Tresfjord Church ( Norwegian : Tresfjord kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Pößneck ( also spelled Poessneck ) is a town in the Saale - Orla - Kreis district , in Thuringia , Germany .
The Leysse is the river which crosses the city of Chambéry , Savoie , France .
A Marine Wildlife Area is a conservation status for a marine geographical region of Canada that restricts most human activities on that region .
Quruzma ( also , Quruzmaq , Kuruzma , and Quruzma ) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Dunston Cave is an igneous cave on the Northern Range of Trinidad and Tobago .
Aitutaki , also traditionally known as Araura , Ararau and Utataki , is one of the Cook Islands , north of Rarotonga .
Pacco Qillo ( Urdu : پكا قلعه‎ , Sindhi : پڪو قلعو , Strong Fort ) , formally known as Pakka Qilla , is an early modern fortification in Hyderabad , Pakistan .
Pori railway station ( Finnish : Porin rautatieasema , Swedish : Björneborgs järnvägsstation ) is a railway station in Pori , Finland .
The Dangqu River ( Chinese : 当曲 , p Dāngqū ) or Dam Chu ( Tibetan : འདམ་ཆུ , w ' Dam Chu , lit . `` Marshy River '' ) is a river in Qinghai province in the People 's Republic of China .
Budury Lagoon ( Ukrainian : Будури , Romanian : Buduri ) is a small salty lagoon in the Tuzly Lagoons group in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast , Ukraine .
Sestroretsk railway station ( Russian : ста́нция Сестроре́цк , stantsiya Sestroretsk ) is a railway station in Sestroretsk , Russia .
Menchul ( Ukrainian : Менчул ) , also Manchul , is a peak in the Chornohora region of Ukraine , with height of 1,998 meters above sea level .
Lake Amaramba ( Portuguese : Lago Amaramba ) is a shallow lake in Mozambique , near the border with Malawi .
Vimanapura is an eastern suburb of Bangalore in Karnataka in India .
Attapeu , Attopu or Attapu ( Lao : ອັດຕະປື ) is the capital of Attapeu Province , Laos .
The Dimona Radar Facility is a facility near Dimona , Israel consisting of two 400 meter ( 1,300 feet ) tall radar towers , designed to track ballistic missiles through space and provide ground - based missiles with the targeting data needed to intercept them .
Sypniewo - Kolonia ( sɨpˈɲevɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kaffee Alt Wien is a traditional Viennese café located at Bäckerstraße 9 in the Innere Stadt first district in Vienna , Austria .
Shahpurkhan ( Persian : شاهپورخان‎ , also Romanized as Shāhpūrkhān ; also known as Qosṭī ) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Velika Dobrava ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlika dɔˈbɾaːʋa ) ; German : Oberdobrawa ) is a village east of Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
The Vienna Volksoper ( Volksoper Wien or Vienna People 's Opera ) is a major opera house in Vienna , Austria .
Java ( Indonesian : Jawa ; Javanese : ꦗꦮ ) is an island of Indonesia .
Cyclone Kamisy was considered the worst tropical cyclone to affect northern Madagascar since 1911 .
The Bank of Hamilton was established in 1872 by local businessmen in the city of Hamilton , Ontario , Canada under the leadership of Donald McInnes , the bank 's first President .
Governor Simcoe Secondary School named after John Graves Simcoe , is a public high school in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada .
São João da Pesqueira ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w ʒuˈɐ̃w dɐ pɨʃˈkɐjɾɐ ) ) is a town and municipality in the district of Viseu in Portugal .
Crikvenica ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ˈtsrikvɛnitsa ) ; Latin : Ad Turres ) is the largest settlement on the coast of the Vinodol coastal area , Croatia , and developed on the site of Roman era settlement and military base called Ad Turres .
Wied was a County of Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , located on the river Wied where it meets the Rhine .
The Gretha Islands ( variant : Grethas Ōer ) are an uninhabited island group located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Doornfontein is an inner - city suburb of Johannesburg , South Africa , located to the east of the city centre , Region 8 .
Iriéfla ( also spelled Iréfla ) is a town in central Ivory Coast .
The Amazon.ca First Novel Award , formerly the Books in Canada First Novel Award , is a literary award given annually to the best first novel in English published the previous year by a citizen or resident of Canada .
Amirabad Haq Nader ( Persian : اميرابادحق ندر‎ , also Romanized as Amīrābād Haq Nader ; also known as Amīrābād ) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Nokia railway station is located in the town of Nokia , Finland , on the track between Tampere and Pori .
The Parral River , is a river of Mexico .
Ujrzanów ( ui̯ˈʐanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Derak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دراك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kaloskopi ( Greek : Καλοσκοπή , before 1927 : Κουκουβίστα - Koukouvista ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Gravia , northeastern Phocis , Greece .
The RAF Hal Far airfield was the first permanent airfield to be built on Malta .
The German - Hanoverian Party ( German : Deutsch - Hannoversche Partei , DHP ) , also known as the Guelph Party ( German : Welfenpartei ) , was a conservative , federalist political party in the German Empire and the Weimar Republic .
Estevan ( Blue Sky ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CBS2 ) is a registered aerodrome located 6.5 nautical miles ( 12.0 km ; 7.5 mi ) north of Estevan , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Piranshahr Sugar Factory ( Persian : كارخانه قندپيرانشهر‎ -- Kārkhāneh - ye Qand - e Pīrānshahr ) is a village and company town in Lahijan - e Gharbi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The County of Brienne was a medieval county in France centered on Brienne - le - Château .
Murai Reservoir ( Chinese : 慕莱蓄水池 ; pinyin : Mù lái xù shuǐ chí ) is one of the four reservoirs in the Western Water Catchment of Singapore .
The New Brunswick and Nova Scotia Land Company was one of several organizations which were established in Canada in the nineteenth century as a means of transferring land held by the Crown to individual owners .
Carvoeiros is a settlement in the northern part of the island of São Nicolau , Cape Verde .
Quzijaq - e Olya ( Persian : قوزيجاق عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qūzījāq - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 119 , in 27 families .
Dakut is located in the province of Sulu , in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao , of the Philippines .
Voksenåsen is a hill and neighborhood in Vestre Aker borough in Oslo , Norway .
Immenstadt i m Allgäu is a town in the Upper Allgäu , the southernmost district of Bavaria , Germany , in the German Alps .
Scavenius ' Stiftelse is a listed building situated on the west side of the town square in Sorø , Denmark .
The Distillery District is a commercial and residential district in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Indian Queens ( Cornish : Krows Karworgi ) is a village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Azim Sirma ( Russian : Азим-Сирма ; Chuvash : Аçăм Çырми ) ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Vurnarsky District of the Chuvash Republic , ( Russia ) .
Jardín Botánico de San Fernando is a botanical garden located nex to the Parque Natural de la Bahía de Cádiz in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Kolbuszowa County ( Polish : powiat kolbuszowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland .
Tosmare is a district north of Liepāja , Latvia near the Karosta and lake `` Tosmare '' .
The Mughalsarai Railway Station is a famous and the fourth busiest station in India , with about 125 passenger trains pass through the Mughalsarai Junction .
Neulpur is a village near Chandikhole in Jajpur district , Orissa , India .
Sree Bhavaneeswara Temple in Palluruthy , Kochi established by the great saint , sage and social reformer of India , Sree Narayana Guru on 8 March 1916 .
Okauva is a village in Ohangwena Region , Ondobe constituency in Namibia .
Soomaa National Park ( Estonian : Soomaa rahvuspark ) is national park in south - western Estonia .
Dolenja Vas pri Krškem ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm ) ; Slovene : Dolenja vas pri Krškem ) is a settlement east of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Al Shaheen Oil Field is a production oil and gas field off the north east coast of Qatar in the Persian Gulf , 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) north of Doha .
Pregny - Chambésy is a commune in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland .
Miar Glacier is a glacier that forms in the north of Miar Peak ( 6,824 m ( 22,388 ft ) ) in Hoper Valley in Nagar , Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Łabiszewo - Kolonia ( wabiˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) ( German : Kolonie Labüssow ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Fort Elson was already in existence when the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom decided to complete the line of fortifications to the west of Gosport inner defences so technically it is neither a Palmerston Fort nor a Royal Commission Fort .
Tetyushsky District ( Russian : Тетю́шский райо́н ; Tatar : Тәтеш районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the forty - three in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
The Royal Queensland Golf Club is a golf club and course at the end of Curtin West Avenue , Eagle Farm , Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Jordavi ( Persian : جردوي‎ , also Romanized as Jordavī ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Roana is a commune in the province of Vicenza , Veneto , Italy .
Markovo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Марково ) ( IATA : KVM ) is an airport located in Markovo , in the Chukotka autonomous district of Russia .
The Defence Communication Services Agency ( DCSA ) was an agency of the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence responsible for the procurement and delivery of Communications and Information Services ( CIS ) to the defence community and related public and private sector bodies .
Ahmed Abdalla Mazrui the former deputy Governor Central Bank of Kenya was born in Takaungu .
The Bundesstraße 188 or B 188 is one of the longer German federal highways crossing northern Germany .
Tsovak ( Armenian : Ծովակ ; formerly , Nerkin Zagalu and Nizhniy Zagalu ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Saue Parish ( est : Saue vald ) is a rural municipality in Harju County , north - western Estonia .
CFIS - FM is a not - for - profit community radio station in Prince George , British Columbia , Canada , broadcasting at 93.1 FM .
Digernessundet is a strait in the municipality of Stord in Hordaland county , Norway .
Sir Adam Beck Hydroelectric Generating Stations are two hydroelectric generating stations in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada .
Chachran Sharif ( Urdu : چاچڑان شریف‎ ) is a city in Tehsil Khanpur of the Rahim Yar Khan District , in the Punjab state of Pakistan .
The Tiwi people are one of the many Indigenous groups of Australia .
The Lessing Theater was a theatre in the Mitte district of Berlin , Germany .
Northholm Grammar School is associated with the Anglican Church of Australia and is located in Arcadia , New South Wales , Australia .
Havay ( Persian : هواي‎ , also Romanized as Havāy and Hovāy ; also known as Havā ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bolshoy Kamen ( Russian : Большой Камень ; IPA : ( bɐlʲˈʂoj ˈkamʲɪnʲ ) , lit . large stone ) is a town in the south of Primorsky Krai , Russia , located on the opposite side of the Ussuri Bay as seen from Lazurnaya Bay .
Santa Cristina Gherdëina ( Italian : Santa Cristina Valgardena ( ˈsanta kriˈstiːna ˌvalɡarˈdeːna ) , German : St. Christina in Gröden ) is a Ladin comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of the city of Bolzano .
It is situated about 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) from the city of Davangere Kondajji is well known as a picnic spot and it is one of the major scout and guide training center in South India .
Deshnoke ( Hindi : देशनोक ) is a small town in the Bikaner district of Rajasthan , India , near the Pakistan border and about 30 km from Bikaner .
Pietrzyki ( pjɛˈtʂɨki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Collegium Novum ( Latin : `` New College '' ) is the Neo - Gothic main building of the Jagiellonian University in Kraków , Poland , built in 1873 - 1887 .
Hyoja Station ( Hangul : 효자역 ; hanja : 孝子驛 ) is a station of the U Line in Shingok - dong , Uijeongbu , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Budhla Sant is a town located to the east of Multan , in southern Punjab , Pakistan .
The Saint Afram Syriac Orthodox Cathedral is a Syriac Orthodox cathedral in Södertälje in Sweden .
Kufa ( Arabic : الكوفة‎ al - Kūfah ) is a city in Iraq , about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) south of Baghdad , and 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) northeast of Najaf .
Do Palureh ( Persian : دوپلوره‎ , also Romanized as Do Palūreh , Doplūreh , Dow Palūreh , Dūpalūreh , and Dūpelūreh ) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gatkuiyeh ( Persian : گتكوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Gatkū’īyeh , Gatkoo’eyeh , and Gatkūyeh ; also known as Gankū’īyeh , Gatgūyeh and Katkū’īyeh ) is a village in Vahdat Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dąbrówka Stara ( dɔmˈbrufka ˈstara ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Daugavpils City Party ( Latvian : Daugavpils pilsētas partija , DPP ) was a regionalist political party located in Daugavpils , Latvia .
San Andrés Yutatío is a small town in the municipality of Tezoatlán de Segura y Luna , in the Huajuapan District of the Mixteca Baja region , in the state of Oaxaca , Mexico .
Setiawangsa is an eastern suburb in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , located less than 4 kilometres from the city centre and located right next to Ampang .
Siteki is a town in eastern Swaziland , lying west of the Lebombo Mountains .
The Houthaven ( Amsterdam ) is a neighborhood of the city of Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .
Kimi Ora School Wellington is a special needs school in Wellington , New Zealand for students with physical disabilities , particularly cerebral palsy .
San Giuseppe Vesuviano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Metropolitan City of Naples in Italy , region Campania , located about 20 km east of Naples .
Bangalow is a small town in New South Wales , Australia , in Byron Shire with a population of 1,902 .
Sitaphalmandi is one of the old suburbs of Secunderabad in the state of Telangana , India .
Villers - Cotterêts ( pronounced : ( vi.lɛʁ kɔ.tə.ʁɛ ) or ( vi.le kɔ.tə.ʁɛ ) ) is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Seden is a large village and northeastern suburb of Odense , in Funen , Denmark .
The Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute ( also known as CSIR - CMERI Durgapur or CMERI Durgapur ) is a public engineering research and development institution in Durgapur , West Bengal , India .
Cherai Gowreeshwara Temple is one of the main Hindu temple in Kerala state , south India .
The QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute ( QIMR Berghofer ) ( previously known as the Queensland Institute of Medical Research , QIMR ) is a medical research institute located in Herston , Brisbane , Australia .
Kenur Ameri ( Persian : كنورعمري‎ , also Romanized as Kenūr ʿAmerī ) is a village in Jakdan Rural District , in the Central District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Fuhrländer Wind Turbine Laasow is a wind turbine , built in 2006 near the village of Laasow , Brandenburg , Germany .
The Theatre of María Guerrero ( Spanish : Teatro María Guerrero ) is a theatre located in Madrid , Spain .
Mužla ( Hungarian : Muzsla ) is a village and large municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Lega Nord Toscana ( English : Northern League Tuscany , LNT ) is a regionalist political party in Tuscany , Italy .
Ajim ( Arabic : أجيم‎ Aǧīm ) is a commune and port located on the Island of Djerba off the coast of Tunisia .
The Karlevi Runestone , designated as Öl 1 by Rundata , is commonly dated to the late 10th century and located near the Kalmarsund straight in Karlevi on the island of Öland , Sweden .
The Strausberg Railway ( Strausberger Eisenbahn ) is a light railway serving the town of Strausberg in Brandenburg , Germany .
Słupia - Gabrielów ( ˈswupja ɡaˈbrjɛluf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Roskilde Museum of Tools ( Danish : Roskilde Håndværksmuseet ) is a branch of Roskilde Museum located on Ringstedgade in Roskilde , Denmark .
Laajasalon Palloseura ( abbreviated LPS ) is a football club from Laajasalo , Helsinki in Finland .
Baumgarten an der March is a small subdivision of the municipality of Weiden an der March in Lower Austria , Austria .
Baghak - e Shomali ( Persian : باغک شمالی‎ , also Romanized as Bāghak - e Shomālī ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Alb Valley Railway ( German : Albtalbahn ) is a railway line in southern Germany that runs from Karlsruhe via Ettlingen to Bad Herrenalb with a branch to Ittersbach .
Neurossgarten Church ( German : Neuroßgärter or Neuroßgärtner Kirche ) was a Protestant church in northwestern Königsberg , Germany .
Chukasara Poshteh ( Persian : چوكاسراپشته‎ , also Romanized as Chūkāsarā Poshteh ) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Oker is a river in Lower Saxony , Germany , that has historically formed an important political boundary .
CIMT - DT is a French language television station affiliated with TVA in Rivière - du - Loup , Quebec , Canada .
The Mommsenstadion is a multi - purpose stadium in Berlin , Germany , named after the historian Theodor Mommsen .
Tutwell is a hamlet in the Tamar Valley east of Stoke Climsland , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Bilimono ( also spelled Bilémona ) is a town in north - eastern Ivory Coast .
Ichhunayuq ( Quechua ichhuna sickle , -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with a sickle '' , hispanicized spelling Ichunayoc ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,200 metres ( 13,780 ft ) high .
Chintsa ( formerly Cintsa ) is a village in the Wild Coast region of the Eastern Cape province , South Africa .
The Varna Necropolis ( Bulgarian : Варненски некропол ) ( also Varna Cemetery ) is a burial site in the western industrial zone of Varna ( approximately half a kilometre from Lake Varna and 4 km from the city centre ) , Bulgaria , internationally considered one of the key archaeological sites in world prehistory .
Navana Tower is a high - rise located in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
The American Embassy School , South Delhi , India , is an independent , co - educational day school which offers an educational program from prekindergarten through Grade 12 .
The Old Naini Bridge is one of the longest and oldest bridges in India , located in Allahabad .
The B.M.S. Institute of Technology ( abbreviated as BMSIT ) , is a private engineering college in Bangalore , Karnataka , India affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University , Belgaum .
Kharanaq ( Persian : خرانق‎‎ , also Romanized as Kharānaq , Kharāneq , and Kharānoq ; also known as Khowrāneq and ( ( means land of sun))Khurūnaq ) is a village in Rabatat Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Bumburet ( Kalasha : Mumuret , Urdu : وادی پمپوریت‎ ) is the largest valley of Kalasha Desh in Chitral District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Kharkhari Nahar is a village located at the outskirts of Delhi , India , with a population of around 2000 .
Adlikon bei Andelfingen ( or simply Adlikon ) is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
The 1998 World Allround Speed Skating Championships were held on 13 - -15 March 1998 in the Thialf stadium in Heerenveen , Netherlands .
Bodanna is a farmstead in mid Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Holy Name University ( formerly known as Holy Name College and Divine Word College of Tagbilaran ) is a Catholic university , high school and elementary school located in Tagbilaran , Bohol , Philippines .
Puzhal aeri , or Puzhal lake , also known as the Red Hills Lake , is located in Redhills , Thiruvallur district , Tamil Nadu , South India .
Yaztyyel is a village in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Beit Zaid ( Hebrew : בֵּית זַיְד or בית זייד , lit . House of Zaid ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Kun Shan University ( KSU ; Chinese : 崑山科技大學 ) is a private university in Yongkang District , Tainan , Taiwan .
The Sapugaskanda Power Station is a 160 megawatt power station in Sapugaskanda , in the Western Province of Sri Lanka .
Luzhu District ( Chinese : 蘆竹區 ; pinyin : Lúzhú Qū ) is a district in Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Mundame or Moundamé is a community in Cameroon , in the Southwest Region , about 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) from the Mungo River .
The Tlell River is a watercourse on the east side of Graham Island in Haida Gwaii , British Columbia , Canada .
Zmeinogorsk ( Russian : Змеиного́рск ) is a town and the administrative center of Zmeinogorsky District of Altai Krai , Russia , located on the Korbolikha ( the Aley 's tributary ) and Zmeyevka Rivers .
Warden Energy Centre is a power station owned by Markham District Energy Incorporated situated at the northwest corner of Warden Avenue and Highway 407 in King , Ontario , Canada .
Albersweiler is a municipality in the Südliche Weinstraße ( `` Southern Wine Road '' ) district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Sculpture by the Sea exhibition in Sydney and Perth is Australia 's largest annual outdoor sculpture exhibition .
Sevenum ( pronunciation ) ( Limburgish : Zaerem ) is a town in the province Limburg in the southeastern Netherlands .
Eilerts de Haan Mountains ( Dutch : Eilerts de Haangebergte ) is a mountain range in Sipaliwini District , Suriname , located at around 3 ° N 56.166667 ° W. It is a southern part of Wilhelmina Mountains and is maximum 986 m high .
Cheongdam - dong ( Hangul : 청담동 ; hanja : 淸潭洞 ) is a ward of Gangnam - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
University College Hospital ( UCH ) is a teaching hospital located in London , United Kingdom .
Zgornje Vodale ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ʋɔˈdaːlɛ ) or ( ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈʋoːdalɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills east of Tržišče in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Angangueo ( Spanish ( ang ' ang ' eo ) ) is a town and municipality located in far eastern Michoacán state in central Mexico noted for its history of mining and its location in the Monarch Butterfly Biosphere Reserve .
Eleftheroupoli ( Greek : Ελευθερούπολη , katharevousa : Ελευθερούπολις - Eleftheroupolis , until 1929 Πράβι - Pravi , Turkish : Pravişte ) is a town and a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
The Cap de la Nau ( Valencian : ( ˈkab de la ˈnaw ) ) or Cabo de la Nao ( Spanish : ( ˈkaβo ðe la ˈnao ) ) , literally Cape of the Ship , is a headland located central - eastern coastal Spain on the Gulf of Valencia , Mediterranean Sea .
The Vereeniging voor Vrouwenkiesrecht was a women 's rights organisation active in the Netherlands from 1894 to 1919 .
Muzi Koti ( Persian : موزي كتي‎ , also Romanized as Mūzī Kotī ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Adria International Raceway is a motorsport race track near Adria in the Veneto region of Northern Italy .
Hintalo , formerly known as Antalo , is a town in northern Ethiopia .
Amboise ( pronounced : ( ɑ̃bwaːz ) ) is a commune in the Indre - et - Loire department in central France .
Govandi is a suburban neighbourhood in eastern Mumbai , India .
First Belgrade Gymnasium is a grammar school with a long tradition , founded in 1839 , in Belgrade ( Serbia ) .
Rudbar Hoseyn Beyg ( Persian : رودبارحسين بيگ‎‎ , also Romanized as Rūdbar Ḩoseyn Beyg ; also known as Rūdbarreh ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Danapur ( also known as Dinapur ) is a satellite town of Patna in Bihar state of India .
Baby Roach Cay is an island off the coast of Belize .
Fort de Vézelois , also known as Fort Ordener , was built between 1883 and 1886 near Vézelois , to the southeast of Belfort in northeastern France .
Sydney Adventist Hospital , commonly known as the San , is a large private hospital in Sydney , Australia , located on Fox Valley Road in Wahroonga .
Dul Zangi ( Persian : دول زنگي‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Zangī ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Raureka is a suburb of the city of Hastings , in the Hawke 's Bay region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand .
Gangaramaya Temple is one of the most important temples in Colombo , Sri Lanka , being a mix of modern architecture and cultural essence .
Popivtsi ( Ukrainian : Попівці ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The Shire Highlands are a plateau in southern Malawi , located east of the Shire River .
The Hoofdklasse ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦoːft.ˌklɑ.sə ) ) is the 2nd highest league of amateur football in the Netherlands , and the fourth tier in general .
Nawaminthrachinuthit Bodindecha School is a public school in downtown Bangkok , Thailand .
Grant Land is the northern lobe of Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Scholven Power Station is an E.ON owned coal - fired power plant in Gelsenkirchen , Germany .
Digerudgrunnen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Digerudgrunnen fyr ) was a coastal lighthouse in the inner Oslofjord , in the municipality of Frogn in Akershus , Norway .
Bovše ( pronounced ( ˈboːu̯ʃɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills east of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Wyśmierzyce ( vɨɕmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a town in Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , Poland , with 884 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Demondrille railway station is a now - closed railway station on the Main South railway line in New South Wales , Australia .
Théza ( Catalan : Tesà ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Falésia Beach ( Portuguese : Praia da Falésia , meaning Cliff Beach ) is a beach in Albufeira , Algarve , southern Portugal .
The Namoi River , a major perennial river that is part of the Barwon catchment of the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the Northern Tablelands and North West Slopes districts of New South Wales , Australia .
Buriram Airport ( also known as Buri Ram Airport , Thai : ท่าอากาศยานบุรีรัมย์ ) ( IATA : BFV , ICAO : VTUO ) , is an airport serving Buriram ( also known as Buri Ram ) , the capital of Buriram Province in Thailand .
Dobroszowice ( dɔbrɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Interliner is an express bus system in the Netherlands .
Zhongzhou Station ( Chinese : 中洲車站 ; pinyin : Zhōngzhōu chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration Western Line and the Shalun Line in Rende District , Tainan City , Taiwan .
Baníkov ( Polish : Banówka ) is a mountain in the Western Tatras mountain range , Slovakia .
Žeimelis ( formerly : Zaumel ) is a town in northern Lithuania , 40 km to the north from Pakruojis , near the border with Latvia .
Amir Bekandeh ( Persian : اميربكنده‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Bekandeh ; also known as Amīr Kandeh , Amir - Kende , and Amit Kendeh ) is a village in Hajji Bekandeh - ye Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Manqabad also spelled Mankabad ( Arabic : منقباد‎ ) is a town in Upper Egypt , near the city of Asyut .
Launceston Christian School ( Inc. ) is a private , co - educational day school based in Riverside , Launceston , Tasmania , Australia .
Antezana de Foronda also called Antezana de Álava or just Antezana , which is currently its official name ( called Andetxa in Basque ) is a village in the municipality of Vitoria - Gasteiz in the province of Álava , Basque Country , Spain .
Charles Square ( Czech : Karlovo náměstí ) is a city square in the New Town of Prague , Czech Republic .
The Grand Western Canal ran between Taunton in Somerset and Tiverton in Devon in the United Kingdom .
Thurles railway station is near the centre of Thurles town , County Tipperary in Ireland .
The Cannes Mandelieu Space Center is an industrial plant dedicated to spacecraft manufacturing , located in both the towns of Cannes and Mandelieu in France .
Todan ( also , T’odan ) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Treviso Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Treviso , Cattedrale di San Pietro Apostolo ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Treviso , Veneto , northern Italy , dedicated to Saint Peter .
Clay - Ashland is a township located 10 miles ( 16 km ) from the capital city of Monrovia in Liberia .
Pulau - Pulau Terselatan is a district ( Kecamatan ) in the Maluku Barat Daya regency ( kabupaten ) of the province of Maluku , Indonesia .
Great Doddington is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire in the United Kingdom , close to Wellingborough and just off the A45 .
Shir Khond ( Persian : شيرخند‎ , also Romanized as Shīr Khond and Shīrkhand ; also known as Shahr - e Khāh and Shīr Khān ) is a village in Afin Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Arathwada is a village in the district of Sirohi in Rajasthan state in Western India .
Isca Dumnoniorum , also known simply as Isca , was a town in the Roman province of Britannia at the site of present - day Exeter in the English county of Devon in the United Kingdom .
Rucăr is a commune in the north - eastern part of Argeş County , Romania .
Gavmakhal - e Eyvani ( Persian : گاومخل ايواني‎ , also Romanized as Gāvmakhal - e Eyvānī ; also known as Gāh Maghal , Gāmqāl , and Gāvmakhal ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lađevine ( Serbian : Лађевине ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
INS Hansa , ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : VOGO ) is an Indian naval air station located near Dabolim in Goa , India .
Frederikshavnsvej railway halt ( Danish : Frederikshavnsvej Trinbræt ) is a railway halt serving the western part of the town of Skagen , Denmark .
Langur - e Bala ( Persian : لنگوربالا‎ , also Romanized as Langūr - e Bālā ; also known as Bālā Langūr ) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Giliðtrítitindur is a mountain located in the island of Vágar ( Faroe Islands ) , at an altitude of 643 metres .
Hæstad Church ( Norwegian : Hæstad kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county , Norway .
Kolonia Nowy Dwór ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Athens International Airport Archaeological Collection is a museum in the Athens International Airport in Spata , Attica , Greece .
Bukit Panjang Bus Interchange is a bus interchange serving Bukit Panjang New Town , Singapore .
Tampoketsa Analamaitso Reserve is a wildlife reserve of Madagascar located in the Sofia Region .
Gabernik ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbəɾnik ) , sometimes spelled Gabrnik ) is a settlement in the hills just north of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Umlazi is a township on the east coast of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa , located south - west of Durban .
Formosa Airlines ( traditional Chinese : 國華航空 ; simplified Chinese : 国华航空 ; pinyin : Guóhuá Hángkōng ) was a regional airline from Taiwan , operating an extensive network of domestic routes out of its bases at Taipei Songshan Airport and Kaohsiung International Airport .
Gorenji Vrsnik ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnji ʋəɾˈsniːk ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Lake Yurkhyamyayarvi ( Russian : Юрхямяярви ; Finnish : Jyrhämäjärvi ) is a freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula , Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Mogharrab - e Do ( Persian : مغرب 2‎ ; also known as Maghreb , Mogharrab , Moqarreb , Moqarreb - e , and Qaryeh - ye Moqarreb ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Zarqan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Calabritto is an Italian town and a commune in the province of Avellino , Campania , Italy .
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site , often referred to simply as Gwaii Haanas , is located in the southernmost Haida Gwaii ( formerly known as Queen Charlotte Islands ) , 130 kilometres ( 81 miles ) off the mainland of British Columbia , Canada .
John Pascoe Grenfell ( 20 September 1800 -- 20 March 1869 ) was a British born officer and diplomat of the Empire of Brazil .
Sir Louis - Olivier Taillon , PC ( September 26 , 1840 -- April 25 , 1923 ) was born in Terrebonne , Lower Canada ( now Quebec ) .
Tony Rosato ( born December 26 , 1954 ) is an Italian - Canadian actor and voice actor who has appeared in television and movies in both Canada and the United States .
Seyed Khalil Alinezhad ( alternative spelling : Seyyed Khalil Alinejad ; ( Kurdish language ) : سەید خەلیل عالینژاد , born 1968 , Sahneh , Kermanshah Province , Iran -- 2001 , Gothenburg , Sweden ) was a great master of the spiritual instrument tanbur , recognized as one of the best tanbur players ever known .
Xavier Niodogo is a Burkinabé diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Burkina Faso to Germany , with concurrent accreditation to the Russian Federation .
Shaykh Abd Al - Rahman bin Ahmad al - Zayla'i ( Arabic : عبد الرحمن بن أحمد الزيلعي‎ ) ( b. 1820 - -1882 ) was a Somali scholar who played a crucial role in the spread of the Qadiriyyah movement in Somalia and East Africa .
Emperor Go - Uda ( 後宇多天皇 Go - Uda - tennō ) ( December 17 , 1267 -- July 16 , 1324 ) was the 91st emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Ágnes Geréb ( born December 20 , 1952 ) is a Hungarian gynaecologist / midwife and psychologist , the pioneer of father 's participation in deliveries at hospital and homebirth in Hungary .
Bertha Schroeder ( 1872 - -1953 ) was a notable New Zealand salvation army officer , social worker and probation officer .
Juan Valdés Figueroa is a Cuban diplomat and is the current Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Cuba to the Russian Federation .
Igor Radojičić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Радојичић ; born 13 September 1966 ) is former President of the People 's Assembly of Republika Srpska , an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina , and following the death of President Milan Jelić , was acting President of Republika Srpska from October 1 , 2007 to 28 December 2007 .
Rehane Abrahams is a performance artist from Cape Town , South Africa .
Pinchas Toledano is the current Haham ( Chief Rabbi ) of Amsterdam and of the Spanish and Portuguese Jews of the Netherlands .
Johan Victor Aarne was a gold- and silversmith in Imperial Russia and Finland who worked for Fabergé .
Jean - Pierre Koepp ( 26 April 1934 in Holzthum - 3 August 2010 in Ettelbruck ) was a politician and restaurateur in Luxembourg .
Stig Arild Slørdahl ( born 6 March 1959 ) is Managing Director of the Central Norway Regional Health Authority .
Nawshirwan Mustafa was born in the old quarter of Sulaymaniyah , Iraq 1944 , the eldest of two sons of Mustafa Émin .
Ari Poutiainen ( born 1972 in Kaarlela , Finland ) is a Finnish contemporary jazz violinist , violist , composer , and researcher .
Christian Galenda ( born January 18 , 1982 ) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy , who won the bronze medal in the men 's individual 100 metres freestyle event at the 2004 European Championships .
Simon Slade ( born 1982 ) is an internet entrepreneur from Christchurch , New Zealand .
İlyas Demir ( born June 16 , 1985 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -60 kg division .
Michael Achmeteli ( Georgian : მიხეილ ახმეტელი , Mikheil Akhmeteli ) ( 1895 - -1963 ) was a Georgian émigré scholar , an expert on Soviet agriculture and sometime chief of Wannsee Institut , the SS - controlled research institute of Soviet studies in Nazi Germany .
Peter Egharevba is a Nigerian Retired Footballer that played for New Nigeria Bank F.C. in the 1980s .
Camille Prats 's first foray into show business came in 1990 when she was a contestant in `` Little Miss Philippines '' , a popular segment of the variety show Eat Bulaga .
Özer Türkmen was the head of the army of the TRNC ( Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus ) .
Adrian Cornelius Langerwerf ( 15 September 1876 - -7 April 1935 ) was a New Zealand catholic missionary and writer .
Carlos Eugenio Restrepo Restrepo ( September 12 , 1867 -- July 6 , 1937 ) was a Colombian lawyer , writer , and statesman , who was elected President of Colombia in 1910 .
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for Melbourne Rebels in the Super Rugby competition .
E. Ahamed ( born 29 April 1938 ) is the former Minister of State for External Affairs of India .
Idhomene Kosturi ( 1873 -- 5 November 1943 ) , also known as Idhomeno Kosturi , was an Albanian politician , regent and once acting Prime Minister of Albania .
Malika Ayane ( Italian pronunciation : ( maˈliːka aˈjan ) ; born 31 January 1984 , Milan , Italy ) is an Italian pop singer .
Dieter Senghaas decisively left his mark on the discussion of theoretical development within international relations in Germany with his works about the possibilities of independent development processes in dependency of the given international conditions ( economic and political ) .
Volkan Bekçi ( born 15 February 1987 in Vakfıkebir ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Beylerbeyi S.K. on loan from Galatasaray S.K. He is a Midfielder and wears the 61 shirt which is the car number plate location codes for Trabzon , Turkey , where his parents from .
Maura Fay ( 12 March 1958 -- 29 October 2001 ) was a leading casting director within the entertainment industry in Australia .
João Barbosa Rodrigues ( 1842 - -1909 ) was considered one of Brazil 's greatest botanists , known especially for his work on orchids and palms .
Maurizio Damilano ( born 6 April 1957 in Scarnafigi , Italy ) is an Italian former race walker .
Richard , 6th Prince of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Berleburg ( Richard Casimir Karl August Robert Konstantin ; born 29 October 1934 in Giessen , Germany ) is the head of the House of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Berleburg and husband of Princess Benedikte of Denmark .
Pandit Narasimhalu Vadavati was born in 1942 in Vadavati , a small village in Raichur taluk of Karnataka , India .
Louis Waldman was born on January 5 , 1891 , in Yancherudnia , Ukraine , not far from Kiev , the son of a Jewish innkeeper who was one of the few literate men of the village .
In fact , the poems of Jan van Beers are perhaps more popular in the Netherlands than in Belgium , and of many of them there exist more editions printed in the Netherlands than in his political fatherland .
Bekir İrtegün ( born 20 April 1984 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays for İstanbul Başakşehir and Turkey national team .
Born in Chityala , State of Andhra Pradesh , India , Murali Chemuturi studied Electrical Engineering at SMVM Polytechnic , Tanuku , followed by Industrial Engineering from Indian Institution of Industrial Engineering and PG Diploma in Computer Methods and Programming from AP Productivity Council .
Publius Nigidius Figulus ( c. 98 -- 45 BC ) was a scholar of the Late Roman Republic and one of the praetors for 58 BC . He was a friend of Cicero , to whom he gave his support at the time of the Catilinarian conspiracy .
Sophia Mirza ( 1973 - -25 November 2005 ) was a person in the United Kingdom who died as a complication of chronic fatigue syndrome ( also known as myalgic encephalomyelitis in the UK ) .
Serge Mimpo - Tsintsémé , known as Serge Mimpo ( born 6 February 1974 in Ndom , Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian professional football player .
Heimir Björgúlfsson is an Icelandic artist born in Reykjavík , Iceland in 1975 .
Xicotencatl I or Xicotencatl the Elder ( c. 11 House ( 1425 ) -- c. 4 Rabbit ( 1522 ) ) was a long - lived tlatoani ( ruler ) of Tizatlan , a Nahua altepetl within the pre - Columbian confederacy of Tlaxcala , in what is now Mexico .
Wagner Tiso Veiga ( born Três Pontas , 12 December 1945 ) is a musician , arranger , conductor , pianist and composer from Brazil .
Andy Wong is a young Chinese actor in New Zealand who has a leading role in the drama Ride with the Devil .
Rabbi Chaim Hirschensohn ( 1857 -- 1935 ) was born in Tzfat , ( city in the Galilee , Israel ) , to Rabbi Yaakov Mordechai Hirschensohn , who had emigrated there from Pinsk in 1848 .
Joseph Eugène Prévost , son of Joseph Prévost and Obéline Couture , was born on 12 November 1898 in Sainte - Claire , a village in Bellechasse , Chaudière - Appalaches , Quebec , Canada , formerly in the historic county of Dorchester , about thirty miles south of Quebec City .
Cathay Wagantall ( née Caswell ) is a Canadian politician who was elected as a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of Canada to represent the federal electoral riding of Yorkton--
Iñaki Urlezaga ( La Plata , Argentina ) is an Argentine classical dancer of international significance .
Jakub Jantulík ( born 3 September 1994 in Čadca ) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Slovakia .
In January 2009 , Ali Yassin Mohamed travelled to Somalia , where he participated in the founding of the Hizbul Islam organization .
Humbert V de Beaujeu ( 1198-mid 1250 ) was Constable of France ( 1240 ) under King Louis IX . He was maternal grandson of Baldwin V , Count of Hainaut and nephew of Isabelle of Hainaut , queen consort of king Philip II of France .
Yoann Rapinier ( born September 29 , 1989 in Pontoise , France ) is a French triple jumper of Martiniquan descent .
Freddie Kini ( born 27 November 1992 ) is a footballer comes from Solomon Islands .
Ryan Fenech ( born 20 April 1986 in Ħamrun , Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Balzan , where he plays as a winger .
Manuel Mijares ( pronounced : ( manˈwel miˈxaɾes ) ) ( born José Manuel Mijares Morán on 7 February 1958 in Mexico City ) is an adult - contemporary pop singer who is billed simply as `` Mijares '' .
Alfred Augustus Grace ( 1867 - -18 March 1942 ) was a New Zealand teacher , journalist and writer .
Cecilia Gallerani ( Italian pronunciation : ( tʃeˈtʃiːlja ɡalleˈraːni ) ; 1473 - -1536 ) , born in Siena , Italy , was the favourite and most celebrated of the many mistresses of Ludovico Sforza , known as Lodovico il Moro , Duke of Milan .
Klaus Tolksdorf is a German law scientist and a former president of the Federal Court of Justice of Germany as well as an Ad - Litem - Judge of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia .
Hassan Pakravan ( 4 August 1911 -- 11 April 1979 ) was a well known diplomat and minister in the Pahlavi pre - revolutionary government of Iran .
Daniel Xuereb ( born June 22 , 1959 in Gardanne , Bouches - du - Rhônes ) is a former football striker from France , who earned eight international caps ( one goal ) for the French national team during the 1980s .
Bartholomew John ( born 24 August 1952 in Christchurch , New Zealand ) is an actor best known for his roles on television in America and Australia
Enrique Camarena Robles ( born 1957 , in Mexico City ) is a Mexican psychiatrist , doctor and President of the Asociación Ibero - Latinoamericana de Neurociencias y Psiquiatría ( AILANCYP ) .
Franco Piperno ( born 1943 ) is a former communist militant from Italy .
Norbert Francis Attard , born in Malta in 1951 is an artist working in several disciplines such as painting , printing , sculpture , video and photography .
Keylin Suzette Gómez ( born 1989 ) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universo Honduras 2011 and represented her country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant .
Sibylle Matter ( born 2 September 1973 ) is an athlete from Switzerland and physician .
Isaac Yamma ( or Yama ) ( 1940 -- January 1990 ) was a country singer from Central Australia .
Monica Ramos is a graduate of the Royal College of Music in Stockholm and has performed in the Royal Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra , the Radio Symphony Orchestra of Sweden and the Swedish Chamber Orchestra .
James Craigie ( 7 September 1851 -- 17 August 1935 ) was Member of Parliament for the Timaru electorate in the South Island of New Zealand and a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council .
His older brother , Maurice de Nonancourt , was originally intended to inherit the company from his mother , but he would die in a German concentration camp during World War II . Bernard de Nonancourt and his older brother , Maurice , both joined the French Resistance following the German invasion of France .
Terri Lynn Sauson ( born August 5 , 1968 ) , known professionally as Terri Clark , is a Canadian country music artist who has had success in both Canada and the United States .
Beşir Atalay ( pronounced ( beʃiɾ ˈataɫaj ) ; born 1947 ) is a Turkish politician who was Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey in the government of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan from 2011 to 2014 .
Anita Best is a teacher , broadcaster , and well - known singer from the Atlantic province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Through his death , Constantin Brâncoveanu became the hero of a series Romanian folk ballads , as well as being depicted on some of Romania 's official coinage .
Charles Enderlin is a Franco - Israeli journalist , specialising in the Middle East and Israel .
Richard Lásik ( born 18 August 1992 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Slovan Bratislava and Slovakia national team .
Joseph Oliver Bowers , SVD ( 28 March 1910 -- 5 November 2012 ) was a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church from Dominica , who went to West Africa to serve in the then Gold Coast in 1939 .
Lalit Suri ( 19 November 1946 -- 10 October 2006 ) was an Indian hotelier and a member of the Rajya Sabha ( the Upper House of India 's Parliament ) .
John Wai ( born July 30 , 1947 ) is a Hong Kong sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1970s .
Janis McGavin is an Australian actress and comedy performer , best known for her roles in the popular television series Comedy Inc and Balls of Steel Australia .
Rezső Patkoló , also known in Poland as Rudolf Patkolo ( 13 October 1922 -- 1 September 1992 ) was a Hungarian - born footballer who played international football for both Hungary and Poland .
Ryan Arabejo ( born October 30 , 1989 ) is an Olympic swimmer from the Philippines .
Gerhard Hager ( born 26 September 1942 in Vienna ) is a former non - attached Member of the European Parliament representing Austria .
Pandit Janardhan Mitta was born on 12 May 1934 , to a Telugu family in Hyderabad , India .
Michel Vaarten ( born 17 January 1957 ) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer from Belgium .
A. Murray Vaughan , CC ( 23 January 1899 - 19 July 1986 ) was a philanthropist of the arts in Canada .
John Alexander Buchanan ( born : March 4 , 1887 Comber , Ontario , died : May 9 , 1976 ) was a politician and civil engineer from Alberta , Canada .
An article , `` Belgium in the Antarctic '' , written by Gaston de Gerlache de Gomery appeared in the Geographical magazine ( May 1962 issue ) .
Molla Wagué ( born 21 February 1991 in Vernon ) is a Malian football player who plays for Udinese and the Mali national team .
Abla Kamel Mohamed Afifi ( Arabic : عبلة كامل محمد عفيفى‎ pronounced ( ˈʕæblæ ˈkæːmel mæˈħæmmæd ʕæˈfiːfi ) ; 1957 in Cairo , Egypt ) is an Egyptian actress , who in 2011 announced that she would resign from acting .
Dr. Jan Paulsen ( born January 5 , 1935 in Narvik , Norway ) is a Seventh - day Adventist Church leader .
Glen Moffatt is a New Zealand country music singer - songwriter who relocated to Brisbane , Australia , in 2002 .
Ernst Breitenstein ( born March 23 , 1923 , Sibiu , died May 20 , 1990 , Bucharest ) was an ethnic German journalist and politician in Romania .
Jonathan Maicelo Román ( born August 10 , 1983 ) is a professional boxer from Callao , Peru , who lives in North Bergen , New Jersey .
Tabinshwehti ( Burmese : တပင်‌ရွှေထီး , ( dəbɪ̀ɴ ʃwè tʰí ) ; 16 April 1516 -- 30 April 1550 ) was king of Toungoo Dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) from 1530 to 1550 , and the founder of Toungoo Empire .
Peter Saili ( born 4 January 1988 ) is a New Zealand rugby player , who plays at the Blindside Flanker/ No 8 position for the Blues in Super Rugby .
Aththintha Marakalage Buddhadasa known as A.M. Buddadhasa was the Chief Minister of Uva Province in Sri Lanka from 1995 to 1999 .
Robert Haldane Makgill ( 24 May 1870 -- 3 October 1946 ) was a New Zealand surgeon , pathologist , military leader and public health administrator .
Jozef Škrlík ( born 2 October 1962 in Humenné ) is a former football player from Slovakia and currently assistant manager of Kazakhstan U21 .
Ali Shareef ( born July 1 , 1979 ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for the Maldives .
John Peter McArthur ( born : - died : ) was a politician from Alberta , Canada .
Joseph Mbilinyi ( born 1 May 1972 ) , known for his stage names Mr. II and Sugu and 2-proud , is one of the founders of the hip hop music scene in Tanzania .
Marijana Radovanović ( Serbian : Маријана Радовановић ; born 8 November 1972 in Belgrade , Serbia ) , known by her stage name Maja Marijana ( Маја Маријана ) , is a popular pop - folk singer and TV presenter who has considerable success in former Yugoslav countries .
Paolo Farinella was born on 13 January 1953 in Migliarino , close to Ferrara in Italy .
Met Bozi is a former member of parliament representing the Socialist Party of Albania and notable for being responsible for the Massacre of Cërrik .
Pieter Lehrer , ( born January 29 , 1965 ) is a sprint canoer from Antigua and Barbuda who competed in the mid-1990s .
Nils Henrik Asheim ( born 20 January 1960 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian composer and organist , living in Stavanger .
Antoni Stawikowski ( born . 1933 , Poland ) , first leader of the Polish illegal Solidarity union in Toruń .
Pinky Agnew , born in 1955 in Port Chalmers , is an actor , author , social commentator , and wedding celebrant based in Wellington in New Zealand .
Hössi Ólafsson ( born Höskuldur Ólafsson in 1977 in Reykjavík , Iceland ) is a singer , rapper , producer , writer , and actor .
Monika Kruse ( born 23 July 1971 in Berlin ) is one of Germany´s most successful Techno- DJ , Music producer and Record Label owners .
Anwar Pasha was born in the village Dabkai in Murshidabad ( currently in West Bengal , India ) .
Heni Te Kiri Karamu ( 1840 - -1933 ) , known sometimes as Heni Pore was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , teacher , warrior and interpreter .
Stavri Stavro ( 1885 - 1955 ) was an Albanian diplomat who served as Albania 's ambassador to Yugoslavia and Greece in the 1920s .
Ramón Martín Huerta , his deputy and seven others crashed in cloud - shrouded mountains outside Mexico City on Wednesday September 21 , 2005 killing everyone on board .
Chi Wanchun ( Chinese : 迟万春 ; born April 1946 ) is a general in the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of the People 's Republic of China , and the current political commissar of the PLA General Armaments Department .
Pandit Ami Chandra Vidyalankar ( 1900 - -1954 ) came to Fiji , from India in 1927 at the behest of the Arya Samaj , which wanted to improve the education standard of Fiji Indian students and promote Arya Samaj in Fiji .
George Roter ( born October 20 , 1976 in Montreal ) is the co - founder and CEO of Engineers Without Borders ( Canada ) .
Giorgio Pacifici studied under professor Carlo Giglio in Italy and Pierre Marthelot in France , and was professor at the IEP - Institut d'Études Politiques in Paris .
Mohammed Waheed Hassan Manik ( Maldivian : ޑރ. މުޙައްމަދު ވަޙީދު ޙަސަން މަނިކު ; born 3 January 1953 ) was the 5th President of the Maldives from 7 February 2012 to 17 November 2013 , after the disputed resignation of the 4th President of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed .
Wilma Reading is a singer from Cairns , Queensland , Australia .
Mohammad Omar Daudzai ( Pashto : محمد عمر داودزی‎ - born October 12 , 1957 ) is a Politician in Afghanistan , most recently having served as the Minister of Interior during the challenging 2014 electoral year .
Eduardo Waghorn Halaby ( born 14 June 1966 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean musician , composer and singer - songwriter , although he has also dabbled in poetry , drawing and advertising .
Vittorio Corbo Lioi ( born 22 March 1943 ) is a former Governor of the Central Bank of Chile , who held the post since May 2003 until December 2007 .
Alenka Sottler was born in Ljubljana , the capital city of Slovenia .
Novita Dewi Marpaung ( born 15 November 1978 ) is an Indonesian singer , who gained wide prominence after being the runner - up of the first season of X Factor Indonesia .
Esther Termens Cañabate ( born November 2 , 1984 in Terrassa , Catalonia ) is a field hockey midfield player from Spain .
Hugh McLeod ( 1843 -- August 5 , 1879 ) was a Scottish - born lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Kamil Ali Agha ( Urdu : کامل علی آغا ) is a Pakistani Politician and Member of Senate of Pakistan , currently serving as Chairperson- Senate Committee on Information , Broadcasting and National Heritage .
Ludwig Bemelmans ( April 27 , 1898 -- October 1 , 1962 ) was an Austria - Hungary - born American writer and illustrator of children 's books and an internationally known gourmet .
Su Shun Lai ( Burmese : ဆုရွှန်းလဲ , born 28 July 1981 ) is a Myanmar film actress .
Eric Joris ( born 1955 in Antwerp , Belgium ) is a Belgian multidisciplinary artist and stage director .
Ben Granfelt ( born June 16 , 1963 ) is a guitarist from Helsinki , Finland and best known from his work in Leningrad Cowboys , Wishbone Ash , Gringos Locos , Guitar Slingers and his solo band Ben Granfelt Band .
Colonel Saye Zerbo ( 27 August 1932 -- 19 September 2013 ) was a President of Upper Volta ( now Burkina Faso ) from 25 November 1980 to 7 November 1982 .
Ștefan Plavăț ( April 24 , 1913 - June 18 , 1944 ) was a Romanian communist activist , leader of a resistance group active in South - Western Romania during World War II . Plavăț was born in Eșelnița , in South - Eastern Banat , to a family of poor peasants .
Petteri Pennanen ( born 19 September 1990 in Kuopio , Finland ) is a Finnish football player currently playing for Veikkausliiga side KuPS .
Major General Graham Beresford Parkinson CBE , DSO & Bar ( 5 November 1896 -- 10 July 1979 ) was a professional soldier in the New Zealand Military Forces who served during the First and Second World Wars .
Kegorapetse David Letsebe commonly known as Thabo Letsebe ( born 14 October 1980 ) is a South African basketball player with the Soweto Panthers of South Africa 's Premier Basketball League .
Rudolf Doehn went back to Germany in 1865 .
Raymond Blanc OBE ( born 19 November 1949 ) is a French chef born near Besançon , the capital of the Franche - Comté region in eastern France , between Burgundy and the Jura mountains .
Amir Mir 's eldest brother Hamid Mir is also a Pakistani columnist and television anchor affiliated with Geo TV network while his younger brother Imran Mir works for Pakistan Television Corporation ( PTV ) .
Raúl Kaplún was born in Balvanera , Buenos Aires to an itinerant Jewish hat salesman Leiser Finkel who had immigrated to Argentina from Bessarabia , with his wife Clara Finkel .
Maitreyi ( `` friendly one '' ) was a Hindu philosopher who lived during the later Vedic period ( about 1100 - -500 BCE ) in ancient India .
Sergio Benvenuto ( Naples , Italy , 1948 ) is an Italian psychoanalyst , philosopher and author .
Aminath Rouya Hussain ( born September 1 , 1990 ) is a competitive swimmer from the Maldives .
Luciano Chessa ( born 1971 , Sassari , Italy ) is a composer , performer , and musicologist .
Charles Kidson ( 7 November 1867 - -2 October 1908 ) was a New Zealand art teacher , artist , craftsman and sculptor .
Pisanu Harnkhomtun ( Thai : พิษณุ หารคำตัน , born 3 May 1986 ) is a member of the Thailand men 's national volleyball team .
Hermann Fehringer ( born 8 December 1962 in Amstetten ) is a former pole vaulter from Austria .
Ingrid Gjoni ( born 24 December 1981 in Tirana , Albania ) is an Albanian singer and fashion model .
Heikki Nousiainen ( born 19 June 1945 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish film actor .
Jacob Duffy ( born 2 August 1994 in Lumsden ) is a New Zealand cricketer who made his first class debut for the Otago Volts in the HRV Cup against Northern Districts on 19 January 2011 .
Gruffydd ap Rhys II ( died 25 July 1201 ) was a prince of Deheubarth in south - west Wales .
Antonio Serapio ( 13 June 1937 -- 19 February 2007 ) was a lawmaker from the district of Valenzuela , Philippines .
Caroline Chiu Sin Wing ( also Chiu Sin Wing , Chinese : 趙善穎 ; pinyin : Zhào Shànyǐng ; Jyutping : ziu6 sin6 wing6 ; born April 29 , 1984 ) is a Hong Kong former swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke events .
P. Eline Slagboom ( b. January 18 , 1960 , Dordrecht , The Netherlands ) is a Dutch biologist specializing in the human familial longevity and ageing .
Joseph Kessel lived the first years of his childhood in Orenburg , Russia , before the family moved to France in 1908 .
Paul Collins Appiah Ofori is a Ghanaian politician and the immediate past Member of Parliament for the Asikuma - Odoben - Brakwa constituency in the Central Region of Ghana .
Abdinasir Said Ibrahim ( Somali : Cabdinaasir Saiid Ibraahiim , Arabic : عبد الناصر وقال ابراهيم‎ ) ( born July 1 , 1989 ) is a track and field athlete from Somalia .
Elizabeth of Hungary ( 1292 -- 31 October 1336 or 6 May 1338 ; also known as Blessed Elizabeth of Töss , O.P. ) , was a Hungarian princess and the last member of the House of Árpád .
Grzegorz Karnas born in 1972 , Wodzisław Śląski , Upper Silesia , Poland , is a Polish jazz vocalist .
František Leikert ( born 6 May 1914 ) is a former diver who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Alexandre Nero Vieira ( born February 13 , 1970 , in Curitiba , Brazil ) is a Brazilian singer , songwriter , musician , arranger , sound designer , musical director and actor .
Aboukar Hassan Adani ( born 30 June 1968 ) is a long - distance runner who competed internationally for Somalia .
Ignacio Pichardo Pagaza ( born November 13 , 1935 ) is a Mexican politician who served as Governor of the State of Mexico .
Lassana Traoré ( born 1945 ) is a Malian political figure and diplomat who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mali from 2002 to 2004 .
Suad Nokić born in Novi Pazar , began his career in his native Serbia playing for young team of FK Novi Pazar .
Pedro Ferriz de Con ( Mexico City , Mexico , December 12 , 1950 ) , is a Mexican radio and TV news anchor .
Pandeli Varfi ( born 21 September 1949 ) is member of the Central Election Commission of Albania for the Socialist Party of Albania .
Johann Friedrich Ludwig ( 1673 - -1752 ) , known in Portugal as João Frederico Ludovice , was a German born architect and goldsmith .
Jean - Marie Buisset ( 21 August 1938 , in Anderlecht -- 7 February 2010 ) was a Belgium field hockey player and bobsledder .
Eric Tai ( born August 23 , 1984 ) is a Tongan actor from New Zealand , model , TV host , comedian and rugby union player who played for the Alabang Eagles and represented the Philippines national rugby union team in 15s and 7s .
Yeol Eum Son ( born May 2 , 1986 , in Wonju , South Korea ) is a South Korean classical pianist .
Murugayan Kumaresan ( born 13 January 1967 in Batu Pahat , Johor ) is a retired track cyclist from Malaysia , who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 ( Seoul , South Korea ) .
Saira Blair ( born July 11 , 1996 ) is an American student and politician from Martinsburg , West Virginia , notable as the youngest holder of elected office in the United States of America as of 2015 .
Dương Văn Minh ( listen ) ( 16 February 1916 -- 6 August 2001 ) , popularly known as Big Minh , was a Vietnamese senior general in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) and a politician during the presidency of Ngô Đình Diệm .
Garth Maxwell ( born 1963 ) is a New Zealand film Director .
Moshe Leib Rabinovich ( born December 25 , 1940 in Munkacs , Hungary ) is the current rebbe of Munkacs .
Mohammad Aliabadi ( born 2 December 1956 in Arak ) is former Vice President and Head of Physical Education Organization of Iran .
Carolina Dementiev Justavino ( born 1 February 1989 ) is a Panamanian model , TV host , ironman and beauty pageant contestant winner of the Miss Panama pageant .
Biography at the Tate Gallery Robert Colquhoun on the Gazeteer for Scotland
Irene Avaalaaqiaq Tiktaalaaq ( b 1941 ) is an Inuit artist who was born at Princess Mary Lake near Baker Lake , Nunavut , Canada .
Alyssa Reid was born in Edmonton , Alberta on March 15 , 1993 and raised in Brampton , Ontario , although her family moved around Canada often - Reid has stated she is glad this happened as it gave her the life experience she needed to make it in the music industry .
Nina Petković ( Cyrillic : Нина Петковић ; born April 10 , 1981 , in Kotor , SR Montenegro , Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin singer , musician and television personality .
Rafael Frühbeck de Burgos ( born Rafael Frühbeck ; 15 September 1933 , Burgos , Spain -- 11 June 2014 , Pamplona , Spain ) was a Spanish conductor and composer .
Kjell - Ronnie Pettersson ( born 25 March 1943 , in Ljungby , Sweden ) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player .
Eileen Louise Soper ( 14 December 1900 -- 24 October 1989 ) was a New Zealand journalist , writer and Girl Guide Commissioner .
Lewis Aniweta Iteanychukwu ( born on July 10 , 1984 in Onitsha , Anambra State , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian born - Rwandan footballer , currently playing as Defensive midfielder for APEP in Cypriot Second Division .
Darus Suharto ( born 1968 ) is a poker player born in Indonesia and currently residing in Toronto , Canada , where he works as a Certified General Accountant at York University , and is a member of the Certified General Accountants of Ontario .
Cuauhtémoc Sandoval Ramírez was the son of Pablo Sandoval Cruz , a distinguished politician in the State of Guerrero ( Mexico ) .
Harley Desjarlais is a regional Métis leader in Canada .
Georgina `` Georgi '' Kingsley ( born 15 March 1993 in Ascot , Berkshire ) , most commonly known by her stage name Georgi Kay , is an Australian indie pop musician , based in Australia .
Anthony Walsh is a former racing cyclist from New Zealand .
Olga Segura was born in Mexico City and grew up in different places :
Ikililou Dhoinine ( born 14 August 1962 ) is a Comorian politician who has been President of Comoros since 2011 ; he was a Vice - President of Comoros from 2006 to 2011 .
Mahmoud Mehrmohammadi ( Persian : محمود مهرمحمدی‎‎ ) is Acting president at Farhangian University in Iran .
James Mackay Drummond ( 17 October 1869 - -6 September 1940 ) was a New Zealand journalist , naturalist and writer .
Guy Pellerin ( born August 14 , 1971 in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada ) is a Canadian referee in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League , since the 1994 - 95 QMJHL season .
Marin Mersenne ( pronounced Mehr - SENN ) was born of peasant parents near Oizé , Maine ( present day Sarthe , France ) .
Jacques Swaters ( 30 October 1926 -- 10 December 2010 ) was a racing driver from Belgium and former team owner of Ecurie Francorchamps and Ecurie Nationale Belge .
Joseph Roettiers ( 1635 - -1703 ) was a Flemish medallist active in England and France , and a member of the celebrated Roettier family of goldsmiths , silversmiths , and engravers .
Maximilian Lenz ( born 4 March 1965 ) , known by his stage name WestBam , is a German techno DJ and musician from Germany .
Claire Renard studied piano and lawyer in Paris , France and graduated from the Conservatoire national supérieur de musique et de danse de Paris in 1973 .
Phommathat was the fourth king of Lan Xang ( Laos ) ( ruled 1428 - -1429 ) .
Pedro Geoffroy Rivas ( September 16 , 1908 in Santa Ana , El Salvador -- November 10 , 1979 in San Salvador , El Salvador ) was an anthropologist , poet , and linguist .
Corney Swanepoel ( born 17 March 1986 in Potchefstroom , South Africa ) is a butterfly swimmer from New Zealand .
World 's End Girlfriend is a solo project by Katsuhiko Maeda , who hails from Nagasaki , Kyushu in Japan , and currently resides in Tokyo .
Rajani Pandit is an Indian private investigator who is regarded as the first woman private investigator in the state of Maharashtra , and sometimes the first in India .
Abdul Ghafoor Khan Durrani was chief of Popalzai Durrani tribe in Balochistan and played a significant role in the Pakistan movement at the side of Mohammad Ali Jinnah , the founder of Pakistan .
José Mentor Guilherme de Mello ( Brejo , Maranhão , September 18 , 1880 - São Luís , Maranhão , September 15 , 1928 ) was a colonel of the Brazil´s National Guard , an entrepreneur in the waterway transport business and an exporter .
Maduranga Zoysa ( born 27 September 1984 , in Moratuwa , Sri Lanka ) is a domestic Sri Lankan right - hand batsman and leg - break bowler .
Luís Teixeira Lobo was later rector of the University of Siena ( 1476 ) , Professor of Law at Ferrara ( 1502 ) and teacher to the King John III of Portugal .
Luka Nižetić was born in Split Croatia , as the second child of Tamara and Milo Nižetić .
François Desjardins ( born 1970 ) is President and CEO of Laurentian Bank of Canada .
Sepp Kerschbaumer ( 9 November 1913 -- 7 December 1964 ) was a leading member of the South Tyrolean Liberation Committee ( Befreiungsausschuss Südtirol ( BAS ) ) , which campaigned for the break - away of South Tyrol from Italy .
Jérôme Chiotti ( born 18 January 1972 in Millau , France ) was a professional racing cyclist in both road and mountain bike disciplines .
Chard Hayward ( born 1949 ) is a Welsh - born television actor , director and producer who worked in Australia where he was best known for his long - running role of Dudley Butterfield in the 1970s television soap opera Number 96 .
Geneviève Suzanne Marie - Thérèse Mulmann ( born August 30 , 1932 ) , also known as Geneviève de Fontenay , is a former chairman of the boards of Miss France and Miss Europe .
Eglė Balčiūnaitė ( born October 31 , 1988 in Šiauliai ) is a track and field middle distance runner who competes internationally for Lithuania .
Chalermkiat Boonnet ( Thai : เฉลิมเกียรติ บุญเนตร , born August 12 , 1989 ) simply known as Tum or Top ( Thai : ต๊อบ ) , is a professional footballer fromUbon Ratchathani Province , Thailand .
Jack Lennox enlisted in the Australian Army in 1941 to fight in World War II . He was a gunner in the 2/15th Field Regiment ( Australia ) .
Armin Hahne ( born September 10 , 1955 in Moers , West Germany ) is a German racing driver , best known for his exploits in touring car racing .
Pramod Bhasin stepped down as President and CEO of Genpact , India 's largest business process outsourcing ( BPO ) company , becoming non - executive Vice Chairman in 2011 .
Eduardo JV Arancillo Kapunan III ( born July 23 , 1990 , in Iloilo , Philippines ) , known as Young JV , is a Filipino actor , singer - songwriter , recording artist , basketball star and an advocate .
Geufer Rafael Hallmann known as Geufer born on 6 December 1980 in Estância Velha , Brazil is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguese team Camacha as a striker in the Portuguese Second Division Serie A. His previous clubs include Juventude , São Bento , União Leiria , União Madeira , Fortaleza , Nacional and Villa Nova .
Luíz Antônio dos Santos ( born April 6 , 1964 in Volta Redonda , Rio de Janeiro ) is a retired long - distance runner from Brazil , who won the 1995 edition of the Fukuoka Marathon , clocking 2:09:30 on December 3 , 1995 .
Pétur Sigurgeirsson ( June 2 , 1919 -- June 3 , 2010 ) was the Bishop of Iceland from 1981 until 1989 .
Yuriy Bakalov ( Ukrainian : Юрій Михайлович Бакалов ; born 16 January 1966 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present - day Ukraine ) is a former Soviet and Ukrainian professional football midfielder and current Ukrainian coach .
Francisco Dueñas Díaz ( 3 December 1810 -- 4 March 1884 ) was a Salvadorean politician who served as President of El Salvador from : 13 May 1851 -- 30 January 1852 1 February 1852 -- 1 February 1854 1 - -12 February 1856 26 October 1863 -- 15 April 1871 He was a member of the Conservative Party .
Luis Santeiro is a Cuban American television screenwriter and playwright born in Havana , Cuba , in 1948 .
Andrés Molina Enríquez ( November 30 , 1868 , Jilotepec de Abasolo , State of Mexico -- 1940 ) was a Mexican revolutionary intellectual , author of The Great National Problems ( 1909 ) which drew on his experiences as a notary and Justice of the Peace in Mexico State .
D'Arcy Corrigan was born in County Cork , Ireland , playing over 50 film roles from 1925 to 1945 .
Isgaard Marke ( born 1972 in Husum , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany ) is a classically trained singer , who is also involved with the project Classic meets Pop . Her style resembles influences of the Kate Bush school as well as cold wave influences and modern ambient sounds .
Stanislau Zhurauliou ( Belarusian : Станіслаў Жураўлёў ; born April 14 , 1988 in Homel ) is a modern pentathlete from Belarus .
Y. Nagappa is the former Social Welfare Minister in Karnataka state , India .
Michel Altieri ( born in Milan , Italy , June 16 , 1978 ) is a French - Italian actor , singer , and musician .
Vincent Lange ( born June 15 , 1974 in Berlin ) actor , producer , sports manager and coach , ex volleyball player from Germany , who competed for the Men 's National Team in the 2000s .
Colin King - Ansell ( born 1947 ) is a prominent figure in far - right politics in New Zealand .
Claudia Österheld ( born December 8 , 1968 in Kassel ) is a West Germany sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s .
Rob Leone is a former politician in Ontario , Canada .
When the Red Army took over the town from the Americans in accordance with the division of Germany into occupation zones after the Yalta Conference in June 1945 , Max Poepel was arrested by the Soviet occupation forces , despite his record and the support of some anti - fascists .
João Crisóstomo de Abreu e Sousa ( Lisbon , January 27 , 1811 -- Lisbon , January 7 , 1895 ) was an army general who became the Prime Minister of Portugal between October 14 , 1890 and January 17 , 1892 in a non - partisan government organized by the Liga Liberal ( Liberal League ) .
Khalid Ahmed Khan Kharal remained an influential member of the Pakistan Peoples Party from 1977 to 2012 and remained a Federal Minister twice in the government of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in 1988 - 1990 and 1993 - 1996 .
Thabiso Mchunu ( born 4 March 1988 in Ximba , South Africa ) , is a South African professional boxer in the Cruiserweight division .
Connan Tant Hosford , better known by the stage name Connan Mockasin , is a psychedelic pop musician from Te Awanga , New Zealand .
Ana Lúcia Souza ( born 10 June 1982 , in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian journalist , producer , filmmaker and retired ballet dancer .
Alois Grimm ( * 24 October 1886 in Külsheim , Germany , † hanged 11 September 1944 in Brandenburg - Görden ) was a Jesuit priest , Patristic scholar , educator , and victim of Nazi religious hostility .
Indrek Allmann ( born December 8 , 1972 in Viljandi , Estonia ) is an Estonia architect .
Wiremu Hukunui Manaia ( died 1892 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader .
Jenő Fock ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈjɛnøː ˈfokː ) ; 17 May 1916 -- 22 May 2001 ) was a Hungarian Communist politician who served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the People 's Republic of Hungary from 1967 to 1975 .
Kabindra Purkayastha ( born 15 December 1931 ) is a former union minister of state of India .
Daniel Spoerri ( born 27 March 1930 in Galați ) is a Swiss artist and writer born in Romania .
Caio Terra ( born 1986 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ( BJJ ) competitor and world champion .
Siriporn Ampaipong ( Alternative spelling : Siriporn Umpaipong ; Thai ศิริพร อำไพพงษ์ ; rtgs : Siriphon Amphaiphong , birth name Sirima Amken ; Thai ศิริมา อำเคน ; rtgs : Sirima Amkhen ; born December 7 , 1964 ) is a mor lam and luk thung singer from the Isan region of Thailand .
The Master of the Marble Madonnas was the name given to an unidentified sculptor , or perhaps group of sculptors , active in the Tuscan region of Italy between c. 1470 and c.1500 .
James Copland ( 3 February 1834 - -9 November 1902 ) was a New Zealand presbyterian minister , doctor and writer .
Together with Zsófia Tóth , until 2008 also a member of ORTRI , and Zsófia Kovács Szandra Szalay may be considered one of Hungary 's most promising hopes for the Olympic Games in London 2012 .
Paul Söding ( born 20 February 1933 , Dresden , Germany ) is a German physicist .
Deddy Mizwar ( born March 5 , 1955 ) is an Indonesian actor film director in Indonesia , born of an Indo father and Betawi mother .
Astrid Chan ( born 8 July 1969 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong actress and host .
Giovanni Anselmo ( born in 1934 in Borgofranco d'Ivrea , Province of Turin , Italy ) is an artist who emerged in Italy after World War II within the art movement called Arte Povera .
Iris Klein , of Germany , is the second delegate from her country to win the Miss International title in 1989 .
Beverly Shaffer is a filmmaker in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Candide Thovex was born 22 May 1982 in Annecy , in the Haute - Savoie area of France , and grew up in the village of La Clusaz .
Elaine Murtagh ( born Elaine Patricia Murtagh , 1940 , County Cork , Ireland ) is an Irish singer , songwriter and a member of The Avons , a pop vocal group popular in the 1950s and early 1960s .
Ornella Vanoni ( Italian pronunciation : ( orˈnɛlːa vaˈnoːni ) ) , OMRI ( born 22 September 1934 ) is one of the most credited pop singers of Italy .
Charles Ugwuh became president of Manufacturers ' Association of Nigeria ( MAN ) .
Lê Cung Hoàng was the last emperor of the early Lê dynasty of Vietnam .
Klaus Hommels is a venture capitalist based in Zurich , Switzerland .
Jaroslav Šabata ( November 2 , 1927 -- June 14 , 2012 ) was a Czech political scientist , psychologist , and dissident during Czechoslovakia 's Communist era .
Bernard Zylstra ( 1934 - -1986 ) was the principal and the professor of political theory at the Institute for Christian Studies , Toronto , Canada .
Guillermo Ceniceros ( born May 7 , 1939 ) is a Mexican painter and muralist , best known for his mural work in Mexico City and in the north of the country .
Rolando Bohol is the former world boxing champion from the Philippines .
Susanne Linke was born in Lüneburg , Germany , to Heinz Linke ( a pastor ) and Rosi Linke - Schäfer ( born Peschko ) .
Filandia Elisa Pizzul ( alternate spelling , Finlandia ; also Filandia Pizzul de Mazzocco ; born 22 May 1902 ) was the first woman to graduate from a school of architecture in Argentina .
Amanullah Khan ( Pashto : أمان الله خان , Dari : أمان الله خان , Urdu : أمانالله خان , June 1 , 1892 -- April 25 , 1960 ) was the Sovereign of the Kingdom of Afghanistan from 1919 to 1929 , first as Emir and after 1926 as Malik ( King ) .
Apolinario Mabini y Maranan ( July 23 , 1864 -- May 13 , 1903 ) was a Filipino revolutionary leader , educator , lawyer , and statesman who served first as a legal and constitutional adviser to the Revolutionary Government , and then as the first Prime Minister of the Philippines upon the establishment of the First Philippine Republic .
Ossian Brown 's first book Haunted Air was published in 2010 by Jonathan Cape in the United Kingdom , with an introduction by David Lynch and an afterword by Geoff Cox .
Irene Dwomoh is a beauty queen who was named Miss Ghana 2006 and represented Ghana in Miss World 2007 in China , where she won the talent competition and got a fast track to the semi - finals .
Floc'h has also designed book covers as well as various movie posters , such as for Diabolo menthe and Smoking / No Smoking , and created illustrations for various newspapers and magazines in France , including Lire , Senso , Monsieur , L'Express , Le Nouvel Observateur , Libération , Le Monde , Le Figaro , and Elle .
Marc Jorgenson is an award - winning Canadian multimedia artist , electronics inventor , writer , musician and recording engineer based in Vancouver , Canada .
Sergio Trujillo Magnenat ( born in Manzanares , Colombia on February 21 , 1911 -- died in Bogotá , Colombia on December 8 , 1999 ) was a Colombian painter , illustrator and sculptor of Colombian father and Swiss mother .
Manus Lunny ( born 1962 ) is an Irish producer and multi - instrumentalist from County Donegal , Ireland .
Miloš Karadaglić ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Милош Карадаглић , born 1983 ) , sometimes known just by his mononym Miloš , is an award - winning classical guitarist and Deutsche Grammophon / Mercury Classics recording artist from Montenegro .
Hiromi Uehara ( 上原 ひろみ , born 26 March 1979 ) , known professionally as Hiromi , is a jazz composer and pianist born in Hamamatsu , Japan .
Hiroshi Kyono ( born Yuji Seino March 31 , 1969 in Yokohama , Japan ) is the vocalist for The Mad Capsule Markets .
Murray John Finlay Luxton , known as John Luxton , QSO ( born 14 September 1946 ) is a former New Zealand National Party politician , and a son of Jack Luxton who had previously represented the same Matamata electorate .
Nikola I Petrović - Njegoš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола I Петровић-Његош ; 7 October ( O.S. 25 September ) 1841 -- 1 March 1921 ) was the ruler of Montenegro from 1860 to 1918 , reigning as sovereign prince from 1860 to 1910 and as king from 1910 to 1918 .
Louis Mékarski ( in Polish Ludwik Mękarski ) ( 1843 , Clermont - Ferrand , France -- 1923 ) was a French engineer and inventor of Polish origin .
Ferdi Tayfur ( Born : Ferdi Tayfur Turanbayburt , born November 15 , 1945 ) is one of Turkey 's most successful and famous Turkish arabesque singer , actor and composer .
Margarita Balliana ( fl . 1680 ) was a Renaissance woman of letters from Casale Monferrato in north - west Italy .
After Germany invaded Belgium in 1914 , Jules Destrée went into exile in France at the request of the Belgian government , pleading for the Belgian cause in London , Paris and Rome .
Philippe Vallois ( born 27 August 1948 in Bordeaux , France ) is an openly gay screenwriter and director whose film Johan ( 1976 ) was selected for the Cannes Film Festival .
Issiaga Sylla ( born 1 January 1994 in Conakry , Guinea ) is a Guinean footballer who currently plays as a full back for Ligue 1 side Gazélec Ajaccio on loan from Toulouse .
Justiniano Borgoño Castañeda ( September 5 , 1836 -- January 27 , 1921 ) was a Peruvian soldier and politician who briefly occupied the Presidency of Peru during 1894 .
Kate Bridges ( born 1959 in Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian writer of romance novels since 2002 .
Lawrence Khai Saen - Phon - On ( Thai : ลอเรนซ์ คายน์ แสนพลอ่อน , August 17 , 1928 -- July 24 , 2007 ) was archbishop of Thare and Nonseng in northeast Thailand from 1980 till his retirement in 2004 .
Rusudan Khoperia is a Georgian trampolinist that represented Georgia at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympic Games .
Ljubiša Broćić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубиша Бpoћић ; 3 October 1911 in Guča , Kingdom of Serbia -- 16 August 1995 ) was a Serbian football manager .
Irena Machovcak ( born November 13 , 1968 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a retired volleyball player , who represented the Netherlands at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1992 .
Phra Phutthayotfa Chulalok ( Thai : พระพุทธยอดฟ้าจุฬาโลก ) , born Thongduang ( Thai : ทองด้วง ) and also known as Rama I ( 20 March 1737 -- 7 September 1809 ) , was the founder and the first monarch of the reigning House of Chakri of Siam ( now Thailand ) .
Charnwit Polcheewin ( Thai : ชาญวิทย์ ผลชีวิน ) He is a master of the football coach of Thailand .
Omar ibn Said ( 1770 - -1864 ) was a writer and Islamic scholar , born and educated in what is now Senegal , who was enslaved and transported to the United States in 1807 .
After splitting from Drinnan in 1996 , Ray went on to score a hit single in both the United Kingdom and the United States with his song `` Are You Jimmy Ray ? '' the following year .
Jean de la Vallée ( 1620 -- March 12 , 1696 ) was a French - born architect , who lived and worked in Sweden .
Also Kārlis Klāsups played for Latvia in 1955 , at sixth board in 4th Soviet Team Chess Championship in Voroshilovgrad and won the third place ( + 2 −1 = 6 ) .
Goshka Macuga ( born 1967 in Warsaw , Poland as Małgorzata Macuga ) is an artist based in London .
George Cann ( 30 May 1871 -- 18 October 1948 ) was an Australian miner and politician in the Parliaments of Australia and New South Wales .
Nelisiwe Mildred Oliphant is South Africa 's Minister of Labour .
Charles Chukwuma Soludo , CFR ( born 28 July 1960 ) is a Nigerian economics professor and the immediate past Governor and chairman of the board of directors of the Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) .
Chokchai Chuchai ( Thai : โชคชัย ชูชัย , born April 19 , 1988 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Siert Bruins ( Weite , the Netherlands , 2 March 1921 -- 28 September 2015 ) , also known as Siegfried Bruns and nicknamed the Beast of Appingedam , was a Dutch member of the SS and SD during World War Two .
Ramabai Ranade is a pioneer of the modern women 's movement in India and outside .
Frances May Don ( 24 October 1898 - -22 July 1965 ) was a New Zealand factory inspector , political activist and welfare worker .
Sajjad Ashouri is an Iranian Striker who currently plays for Persepolis in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Luis Durnwalder ( born 23 September 1941 ) is a politician of Italy , former governor of the ( mainly German - speaking ) autonomous province of South Tyrol from 1989 until 2014 , and vice - president of Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , in Northern Italy .
Magdalena Sánchez ( born Puerto Cabello , Carabobo , Venezuela April 9 , 1915 ; died Caracas , August 18 , 2005 ) was a Venezuelan singer , better known as the Queen of the Venezuelan song .
Frank Majoor ( born 1 April 1949 ) is the Permanent Representative of the Kingdom of the Netherlands to NATO .
The store Mart Visser Haute Couture is located in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Elzéar - Henri Juchereau Duchesnay ( July 19 , 1809 -- May 12 , 1871 ) was a seigneur , lawyer and political figure in Canada East .
Vache Gabrielyan ( Armenian : Վաչե Վազգենի Գաբրիելյան ; born November 24 , 1968 ) is an Armenian economist , who has been vice - head of the Central Bank of Armenia since 3 July 2008 .
Mikael Karlsson , or Vigilante Carlstroem as he is better known , was born on 30 October 1978 in Fagersta , Sweden .
Julien Klener is a Belgian linguist born in Ostend , Belgium in 1939 .
Oswald Partington , 2nd Baron Doverdale ( 4 May 1872 -- 23 March 1935 ) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Alberto Bona started his career as a cartoonist in Italy , before moving to London , where he started to work within theatre and independent film productions .
Francis Hervieu also holds more than 15 France champion titles in K-1 ( single - seater ) , K-2 ( two - seater ) and K-4 ( four seats ) between 1975 and 1987 .
Heiko Bonath is a former handballer from East Germany , who played for the club SC Dynamo Berlin .
Ebrahim Ghasempour ( Persian : ابراهیم قاسمپور‎ ; born 11 September 1957 in Abadan , Iran ) is an Iranian football coach and retired player who most recently managed Sanat Naft in Azadegan League .
Berthold Ribbentrop was a pioneering forester from Germany who worked in India with Sir Dietrich Brandis and others .
Atifete Jahjaga ( Albanian pronunciation : ( ätɪˈfeːtɛ jähˈjɑːɡä ) ; born 20 April 1975 ) is a Kosovar politician and the fourth President of Kosovo .
Napoleón Nelson Pinedo Fedullo ( 10 February 1928 ) is a singer from Barranquilla , Colombia .
Filippo , who also goes by the name of Fab Filippo , was born in Toronto , Canada .
Yeidckol Polevnsky Gurwitz ( born January 25 , 1958 in Mexico City as Citlali Ibáñez Camacho ) is a Mexican entrepreneur and current Senator .
Mourad Didouche ( 1927 - -1955 in Kabyle : Diduc Murad Arabic : ديدوش مراد ) is a veteran of the Algeria 's war of independence ( 1954 - -1962 ) .
Christos Lisgaras ( Greek : Χρήστος Λισγάρας , born 12 February 1986 ) is a professional Greek footballer currently playing for Superleague Greece club Skoda Xanthi as a Defender .
Virodaya Cinkaiariyan ( Tamil : வீரோதய சிங்கையாரியன் ) was the Aryacakravarti king of the Jaffna Kingdom in modern - day northern Sri Lanka .
Eugene Cussons ( born July 9 , 1979 ) was the Managing Director of `` Chimpanzee Eden '' as well as Rescue Director of the Jane Goodall Institute ( JGI ) in South Africa .
Charles Marie Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy was born in Paris , France , the son of General Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy who distinguished himself as division commander in the Crimean War .
Francesco Paolo Fulci ( born March 19 , 1931 in Messina , Italy ) is a retired Italian diplomat , currently serving as President of `` Ferrero SpA '' .
Bartłomiej Tomczak ( born 7 September 1985 in Ostrów Wielkopolski ) is a Polish team handball player , currently playing for Vive Targi Kielce and on the Poland national handball team .
Manju Mehta is a top Grade artist on All India Radio .
Shaikh Hafiz Sabri Koçi ( Arabic : حافظ صبري كوتشي‎‎ ; 13 May 1921 -- 18 June 2004 ) was an Albanian Muslim cleric who served as the Grand Mufti of Albania in the 1990s .
Lorentina Wilhelmina Skogh , born Wahlgren ( 14 December 1849 in the parish of Rute on Gotland , Sweden -- 18 June 1926 ) was a hotel manager and owned a number of hotels and restaurants in Sweden .
Reji Abraham is the managing director of Aban Group in India .
Mars Ravelo was born on October 9 , 1916 when the Philippines was still an American Territory .
Hartmut Sieckmann was born in Saxony the southern part of what was when central Germany .
Very little written information exists on Vicente Filisola 's early life other than he was born in Ravello , Italy in around 1789 and later moved to Spain when he was a child .
Einar Lilloe Gran ( 16 November 1886 -- 1966 ) was a Norwegian engineer and pioneer of aviation in Norway .
Carlos Rosado ( born August 9 , 1975 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a retired Mexican wide receiver in American football who played in NFL Europe for the Barcelona Dragons and the Amsterdam Admirals from 1998 through 2004 .
Ernst Florian Winter was born in Vienna , Austria , the oldest of eight children of the sociologist and former third vice mayor of Vienna ( 1934 - -36 ) Ernst Karl Winter .
Peter de Roo ( born 16 February 1970 , Amsterdam ) is a retired footballer from the Netherlands .
McKenzie Lee ( born Paula McQuone , 16 May 1979 in Leicester , England ) is a British pornographic actress .
Sergey Gerasimovich Mitin ( Russian : Серге́й Гера́симович Ми́тин ; born June 14 , 1951 Gorky , Soviet Union ) is the Governor of Novgorod Oblast , Russia since August 7 , 2007 .
Sarmad Bhatti ( born 26 September 1991 , Khairpur ) is an international cricketer from Pakistan .
Aakheperre Setepenre Osorkon the Elder was the fifth king of the twenty - first dynasty of Ancient Egypt and was the first Pharaoh of Libyan origin .
Jean - Pierre Velly ( 14 September 1943 , Audierne , France -- 26 May 1990 ) was a Breton etcher , draftsman and painter .
Manuel Sánchez Mármol was born to Ceferino Sánchez and Josefa Mármol on May 25 , 1839 , in Cunduacán , Tabasco , Mexico .
Guy Franklin Van Eaton ( August 1878 -- January 9 , 1950 ) was an American - born farmer and politician in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Synnøve Svabø ( born 22 September 1968 in Sunnmøre , Norway ) is a Norwegian talk show host .
Vincenzo Vallelonga is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia .
Matthew Crooks Cameron , QC ( 2 October 1822 -- 25 June 1887 ) was a politician in Ontario , Canada .
Michiel Huisman was born on 18 July 1981 in Amstelveen , a town near Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .
A descendant of Henry IV of France , Élisabeth de Gramont had grown up among the highest aristocracy ; when she was a child , according to Janet Flanner , `` peasants on her farm ... begged her not to clean her shoes before entering their houses '' .
Khuraman Gasimova ( Azerbaijani : Xuraman Qasımova ) is an opera singer and actress from Azerbaijan .
Japhet Kosgei ( born December 20 , 1968 ) is a retired long - distance runner from Kenya , who won several marathons during his career , including the 1999 edition of the Rotterdam Marathon and 2006 Belgrade Marathon .
Rodrigo de Souza Cardoso has won 2 international matches for Brazil U-23 .
Ivo Miro Jović ( born 15 July 1950 ) is a Bosnian politician and former Croat member of Bosnia and Herzegovina 's tripartite Presidency , appointed to the post in Parliament on 9 May 2005 following the sacking of Dragan Čović by the High Representative on charges of corruption .
In early 1933 Paul Godwin moved to the Netherlands where he remained for the rest of his life .
Oscar Collazo ( January 20 , 1914 -- February 21 , 1994 ) was one of two Puerto Rican militants of the Nationalist Party who on November 1 , 1950 , attempted to assassinate U.S. President Harry S. Truman in Washington , DC . He had been living in New York City after growing up in Puerto Rico .
Marvin Baumgartner Revelo was born in Switzerland to a Swiss father and Salvadoran mother .
Ömer Naci Soykan ( born . February 10 , 1945 , in Rize , Turkey ) is a Turkish philosopher .
Ana Luisa Montufar Urrutia ( born June 16 , 1993 ) is a Guatemalan model , environmentalist and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Guatemala 2014 and represented country at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant .
Adílson Dias Batista , usually known as Adílson Batista , ( born March 16 , 1968 in Adrianópolis , Brazil ) is a retired Brazilian footballer and current coach .
Clara Benin ( born February 19 , 1994 ) is a singer and songwriter from the Philippines .
Lieutenant General Richard Rossmanith ( born 16 March 1955 , Monheim , Donau - Ries district ) is a German Army officer and currently Commander of the Multinational Joint Headquarters Ulm in Ulm , Germany .
Bo Christian Larsson ( born 1976 in Kristinehamn , Sweden ) is a Swedish artist who works mostly with large - sized drawings , installations , performances and objects .
Ryszard Głowacki ( born 1937 in Dukla , Poland ) is a Polish engineer of geology , writer , publicist and a science fiction author of 3 novels and almost 30 short stories .
Gonzalo Arango Arias ( September 5 , 1941 in Moniquirá ( Boyacá ) - August 30 , 2010 in Bogotá ) was a Colombian writer and directed the Biblioteca Nacional de Colombia ( National Library of Colombia ) .
Fujiwara no Kitsushi ( 1225 - -1292 ) was an Empress consort of Japan .
Raya Haffar Al Hassan ( born January 1967 ) was the Lebanese finance minister , the first woman to be appointed to such a senior post in Lebanon .
Orestes Vilató ( Born 4 May 1944 in Camagüey , Cuba ) is a timbalero / bongosero .
Attila Dargay ( June 20 , 1927 -- October 20 , 2009 ) was an animator from Hungary .
Jean - Charles Marchiani was only 19 when he was recruited by DGSE , while completing Law school in Aix - en - Provence ( south - east of France ) , during the Algerian war .
Améleté Abalo ( March 6 , 1962 -- January 9 , 2010 ) was the assistant coach of the Togo national football team and manager of ASKO Kara .
Fiona Pardington D.F.A. ( born in 1961 , Devonport , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand artist , her principal medium being photography .
Donald James Reece ( born on 13 April 1934 in Kingston , Jamaica ) is an Emeritus Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kingston in Jamaica .
Ram Chandra Vikal ( 8 November 1916 in Nayagaon Basantpur , Ghaziabad district -- 26 June 2011 ) was a Gurjar leader , freedom fighter and deputy chief minister of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Jerry Palacios made his debut for Honduras in a March 2002 friendly match against the USA and has , as of February 2013 , earned a total of 13 caps , scoring 5 goals .
Erechtheus ( /ɨˈrɛkθjuːs , -θɪəs/ ; Ancient Greek : Ἐρεχθεύς ) in Greek mythology was the name of an archaic king of Athens , the founder of the polis and , in his role as god , attached to Poseidon , as `` Poseidon Erechtheus '' .
Omar Henry ( born 23 January 1952 in Stellenbosch , Cape Province ) is a former cricketer who played in three Tests and three One Day Internationals for South Africa .
Christos Melissis , ( Greek : Χρήστος Μελίσσης ; born 1 December 1982 ) is a Greek football player currently playing for Panthrakikos in the Super League Greece .
In 1982 , Lloyd Duffy was inducted in the Prince Edward Island Sports Hall of Fame and in 1990 he was voted the Avelino Gomez Memorial Award , an honour given annually to a jockey in Canada who has made significant contributions to the sport .
Christian Danner ( born 4 April 1958 in Munich ) is a former race car driver from Germany .
Bruce Northrup ( born 1955 in Sussex , New Brunswick ) is a Progressive Conservative politician in the province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Madan Lal Khurana was born in Lyallpur , Punjab , British India , ( now called Faisalabad in Punjab , Pakistan ) to S.D. Khurana and Laxmi Devi .
Gerard George Fitzgerald ( 10 October 1832 -- 7 June 1904 ) was a 19th - century member of parliament in New Zealand .
Viorel Kraus ( born 5 March 1940 ) is a former football forward who played for clubs in Romania and Turkey .
Shohreh Solati ( Persian : شهره صولتی‎ ) ( born Fatemeh Solati in Tehran , Iran ) is a well - known and popular Iranian singer .
Thillaiyampalam Sivanesan ( Tamil : தில்லையம்பலம் சிவனேசன் ; born in a small coastal village Polikandy , Sri Lanka on October 16 , 1963 -- May 18 , 2009 ) , also known by his nom de guerre , Colonel Soosai , was the head of the Sea Tigers , the naval wing of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam .
Rasim Aliyev ( Azerbaijani : Əliyev Rasim Məmmədəli oğlu ; 16 August 1984 -- 9 August 2015 ) was a journalist and human rights activist in Azerbaijan .
George Ghica ( Albanian : Gjergj Gjika , Romanian : Gheorghe Ghika ) founder of the Ghica family , was Prince of Moldavia in 1658 - -1659 and Prince of Wallachia in 1659 - -1660 .
Bhuvaneshwari Kumari of Kota , Rajasthan is a distinguished sportswoman of India and a champion in trap shooting .
Daniel Ong ( full name Daniel Ong Ming Yu Chinese : 王盟友 born 27 December 1975 ) is a Singaporean entrepreneur and co - founder of Twelve Cupcakes , a Singapore based chain cupcakery .
Nahum B. Zenil is a Mexican artist who often uses himself as the principal model for a cultural critical interpretation of Mexico , especially concerning homosexuality and mestization .
Evaristo Carazo Aranda ( 24 October 1821 in Rivas , Nicaragua -- 1 August 1889 in Granada , Nicaragua ) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 March 1887 until his death on 1 August 1889 .
A Ukrainian woman , his former employee , helped him first , as did the Polish Righteous Joanna Borkowska whom Rudolf Reder married after the war and later emigrated with , settling in Toronto , Canada .
Rajesh Agrahari is Director of Rajesh Masala Private Limited from 13 February 2004 to present , is registered with Ministry of Corporate Affairs of India ( MCA ) .
Francesco Tristano Schlimé ( born 1981 ) is a Luxembourg classical and experimental pianist and composer , who also plays the clarinet .
Abdelmalik Hebbar , known as Malik Hebbar , ( born October 6 , 1973 in Bondy ) is a French professional football player of Algerian origin who is currently playing in the Championnat de France amateur for JA Drancy .
Sarah Garnett is an International Field Hockey Umpire , from New Zealand .
Phil Adamson ( born in Australia ) was a rugby league player for the Parramatta Eels , Penrith Panthers , St. Helens and for the Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles .
Kura Te Waru Rewiri ( born in Kaeo , 1950 ) is a New Zealand artist , academic and educator of Ngāti Kahu , Ngāpuhi , Ngāti Kauwhata , Ngāti Rangi descent .
The Hong Kong Museum of Art , the Honolulu Museum of Art , Musée Bertrand ( Châteauroux , France ) , Musée de la Roche ( Issoudun , France ) and the National Museum of Singapore are among the public collections holding works by Auguste Borget .
Geir Moen ( born 26 June 1969 in Oslo ) is a former sprinter from Moss , Norway who specialized in the 200 metres .
Phathana Inthavong ( born 15/02/1997 ; in Vientiane , Laos ) is a Laotian swimmer specializing in Freestyle and Backstroke .
Ali Gunyar ( born 22 September 1979 in Eindhoven ) is a Turkish - Dutch middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer fighting out of Eindhoven , Netherlands for Team Gunyar , where he is trained by his brother Suleyman Gunyar .
Jemaine Clement ( born 10 January 1974 ) is a New Zealand comedian , actor and multi - instrumentalist , known as one half of the musical comedy duo Flight of the Conchords along with Bret McKenzie and the voice of Nigel the Cockatoo in the Rio film series .
Jack M. Lauzon ( born December 5 , 1961 ) is a retired Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing jockey whom The Blood - Horse magazine called `` one of the most respected riders in Canada . ''
Henrik Hagtvedt is a Norwegian visual artist ( born January 6 , 1971 in Sandefjord , Norway ) working predominantly with acrylics and oils , as well as with sculpture , graphics and other media .
Andrew Keoghan ( born 6 October 1980 ) is a New Zealand musician and songwriter .
Richard Trevor Barber ( 3 June 1925 -- 7 August 2015 ) was a New Zealand cricketer who played in one Test in 1956 , against the West Indies in Wellington .
Vuyo Mboto ( born 28 September 1988 in King William 's Town , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with the Griffons .
Jean - Baptiste Thibault ( 14 December 1810 -- 4 April 1879 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and missionary noted for his role in negotiating on behalf of the Government of Canada during the Red River Rebellion of 1869 - -1870 .
Nikos Katelis ( Greek : Νίκος Κατέλης ) , better known by his stage name Katman , is known in Greece for appearing in various trash TV shows , including the show hosted by Annita Pania called Je T'Aime , where he was a performer of satirical songs .
Svein Holden ( born 23 August 1973 ) is a Norwegian jurist having prosecuted several major criminal cases in Norway .
Krystyna Chojnowska - Liskiewicz ( born 15 July 1936 , in Poland ) was the first woman to sail single - handed ( i.e. solo ) around the world , repeating the accomplishment of Joshua Slocum .
Antoine Richard ( born 8 September 1960 in Fontainebleau ) is a former athlete from France who mainly competed in the 100 metres .
Nahuel Moreno ( real name Hugo Miguel Bressano Capacete ; April 24 , 1924 -- January 25 , 1987 ) was a Trotskyist leader from Argentina .
Hamid Jokar ( Persian : حمید جوکار ; born Match 26 , 1987‎‎ ) is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Nassaji in the Iran Pro League .
Eduardo Osta Valenti ( born 4 September 1959 ) is a former professional tennis player from Catalonia , Spain .
Henry Waszczuk came to Canada at the age of two .
Hüseyin Avni Mutlu was born to a miner father in Fındıklı town of Rize Province , Turkey in 1956 .
Kim Kyu - min ( Hangul : 김규민 ; born 28 December 1990 ) is a volleyball player from South Korea .
Leo Rwabwogo ( June 3 , 1949 -- January 14 , 2009 ) was a boxer from Uganda , who won a total number of two Olympic medals during his career as an amateur in the flyweight division ( -- 51 kg ) .
Jabez Olssen ( born 5 August 1975 ) is a New Zealand film and television editor who has worked extensively with director Peter Jackson .
Nathaniel Apa ( born 15 June 1995 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a midfield back for Canterbury in the ITM Cup .
Yoram Moses ( Hebrew : יוֹרָם מוֹזֶס‎ ) is a Professor in the Electrical Engineering Department at the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology .
Augusto Espinosa Valderrama ( 5 June 1919 -- 1986 ) was a Colombian lawyer and politician who served as Liberal Party Representative , Senator and President of the Senate in the Congress of Colombia .
Lê Thế Tông ( chữ Hán : 黎世宗 born 1567 , reigned 1573 - 1599 ) , named Lê Duy Đàm ( 黎維潭 ) was the 13th emperor - king of the later Lê dynasty of Vietnam .
Edward Lionel Terry ( 1873 -- 20 August 1952 ) was a New Zealand white supremacist and murderer , incarcerated in psychiatric institutions after murdering a Chinese immigrant , Mr. Joe Kum Yung , in Wellington , New Zealand in 1905 .
Anne - Julia Hagen ( born May 22 , 1990 ) is German model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Germany 2013 and was represented her country at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant .
Alannah Hill ( born 1963 ) is an Australian fashion designer , well known in Australia and internationally .
Tamia Valmont made her stage debut at the Châteauvallon Jazz Festival with Michel Portal , in France , in 1972 .
Douglas MacDonald ( 1900 - -1996 ) was a farmer , miner and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Denis Maurice O'Conor ( Irish : Donnchadh Muirgheas Ó Conchubhair Donn ; 1840 - -26 July 1883 ) was an Irish politician , Member of Parliament in the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Tim Bond is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a lock .
Thế Sơn is a Vietnamese language pop singer from southern Vietnam , and is a long - time member of the long running Vietnamese diaspora variety show Paris by Night .
S. E. Luc de La Barre de Nanteuil ( born 21 September 1925 at Lhommaizé ) is an aristocratic French career diplomat , who rose to become an Ambassador of France .
Ellina Anissimova ( born 7 July 1992 in Narva , Estonia ) is an Estonian hammer thrower .
Yiannos Papantoniou ( Greek : Γιάννος Παπαντωνίου ; born 27 July 1949 ) was a member of the National Parliament in Greece ( MP ) from 1988 to 2007 , Minister of National Defense ( 2001 - -03 ) , Minister of Economy and Finance ( 1994 - -2001 ) .
Wutthipan Pantalee ( Thai : วุฒิพันธ์ พันธะลี , born April 30 , 1985 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Cosmin Gârleanu ( born 7 February 1989 in Galaţi , Romania ) is a Romanian footballer currently on loan at Dunărea Galaţi from Romanian side FC Oţelul Galaţi .
Hugo Antonio Corti ( born June 3 , 1963 in San Martin , Sante Fé ) is a retired boxer from Argentina , who competed in the middleweight division ( -- 71 kg ) .
Frank Nitzinsky ( born 14 October 1974 ) , better known by his stage name , Eye - D , is a Dutch drum & bass producer and DJ based in Goes , The Netherlands .
With Antanas Sireika , The Lithuanian national basketball team won their first FIBA Europe gold medals after Lithuania 's independence in 1991 , ( the first titles came in 1937 and 1939 ) .
Ermano Fegatilli ( born 19 August 1984 in Ougrée , Belgium ) is a Belgium - based Italian boxer .
Rheeya Doshi ( Tamil : ரியா தோஷி ; born 24 April 1996 in Singapore ) is a Singaporean tennis player .
Born in Ste - Thérèse , Canada East , the son of Samuel Desjardins and Sophie Laurier , Desjardins was educated at the College of Ste - Thérèse de Blainville .
Val Sim Valery ( Val ) Catherine Sim ( born 1954 ) is a former New Zealand Law Commissioner and former member of the New Zealand Criminal Justice Advisory Board .
Li Yujia ( Simplified Chinese : 李羽佳 ) is Singapore 's national badminton player .
Kim Jong - gak ( 30 July 1941 ) ( Hangul : 김정각 ; hanja : 金正閣 ) is a member of the North Korea military .
Cătălin Țăranu ( in Japanese : タラヌ・カタリン , Taranu Katarin ) , born March 31 , 1973 in Romania , is one of the very few professional players of the board game of Go from outside Asia .
Sergei Zenjov ( Russian : Серге́й Зенёв ; born 20 April 1989 ) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a striker for Azeri club Gabala FK and Estonia national football team .
Blas Matamoro ( Buenos Aires , Argentina ; January 11 , 1942 ) is an Argentine writer , lawyer , journalist and translator .
Marvin Ponce is a Vice - President of the National Congress of Honduras .
Petre Marin won 9 caps for Romania and three caps for Romania under 21 team .
Ikpe Umoh Imeh ( or Obong ( Chief ) Ikpe Umoh Imeh ) ( April 22 , 1906 -- September 29 , 2004 ) was a Member of Parliament from Akwa Ibom State and Deputy Speaker of Parliament for the Eastern Region , Nigeria during the Nigerian First Republic .
Elena Urkizu Sáez ( born January 29 , 1975 in Guipúzcoa ) is a former field hockey defender from Spain .
Raja Jagat Singh Pathania ( 1618 - -1646 ) succeeded Suraj Mal ( his elder brother ) as the king of Dhameri ( now Nurpur ) in present - day Himachal , India .
Hilda Taba ( 7 December 1902 in Kooraste , Estonia -- 6 July 1967 in San Francisco , California ) was an architect , a curriculum theorist , a curriculum reformer , and a teacher educator .
Severo Fernández Alonso Caballero ( 15 August 1849 , Sucre -- 12 August 1925 ) was President of his country , Bolivia , from 1896 to 1899 .
Victor Delfín ( born 20 December 1927 in Lobitos , Peru ) is one of the leading sculptors and painters in Peru .
Bea Fiedler ( born 28 June 1957 in Witten , Germany ) is a German topless model who entered a paternity suit against Prince Albert of Monaco in 1987 .
Clément - Charles Sabrevois de Bleury was born into an old military family at William - Henry , Lower Canada , October 28 , 1798 .
Adolf Šimperský international stats at the Football Association of the Czech Republic website ( Czech ) http://pol.worldfootball.net/spieler_profil/adolf-simpersky/
Sant Ajaib Singh ( 11 September 1926 - 6 July 1997 ) known to his disciples as Sant Ji was born on the 11th of September , 1926 in Maina , Bhatinda district , Punjab , India .
Elena Tchalykh ( born 25 March 1974 ) is a Russian professional racing cyclist who competed from 2011 on for Azerbaijan .
Kapil Patil ( b March 5 , 1961 ) is politician from Bhiwandi , Thane , in Maharashtra state of India .
Colonel The Hon . Philip VanKoughnet ( April 2 , 1790 -- May 7 , 1873 ) M.P. , landowner , businessman and political figure in Upper Canada .
Feodor Vassilyev ( Russian : Фёдор Васильев , older spelling : Ѳеодоръ Васильевъ ) ( c. 1707 -- 1782 ) was a peasant from Shuya , Russia .
Walter Christaller was born to Erdmann Gottreich and Helene Christaller an author of Christian - themed children 's novels at Berneck in Germany .
Gonnelien Rothenberger ( born June 5 , 1968 in Weert , Limburg ) is an equestrian from the Netherlands , who was born as Gonneke Antoinette Arnolda Johanna Adriana Robertine Gordijn .
Erkenbrand was lord of the Westfold of Rohan during the War of the Ring .
Teddy Sagi was born in 1972 in Tel Aviv , Israel and grew up in the Shikun Lamed neighborhood .
Thorvald Andersen ( 8 April 1883 in Aarup , Denmark - 3 May 1935 in Frederiksberg , Denmark ) was a Danish architect .
Salome Kammer ( born 17 January 1959 in Nidda , Hesse , Germany ) is a German actress , singer and cellist .
Svyatoslav Kozlovskyi ( Ukrainian : Святослав Григорович Козловський ; born 26 March 1994 in Lviv Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who played for FC Metalist Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Paolo Ramírez ( born Paolo Alberto Ramírez González on October 6 , 1992 ) is a Chilean singer / vocalist from the city of Quilpué , Marga Marga Province of Chile .
Andoy Ranay is a director from the Philippines .
Dona Maria Leopoldina of Austria ( 22 January 1797 -- 11 December 1826 ) was an archduchess of Austria , Empress consort of Brazil and Queen consort of Portugal .
Piet Rooijakkers ( born August 16 , 1980 in Gerwen , North Brabant ) is a road bicycle racer from the Netherlands .
Eleuterio Sánchez Rodríguez ( born 15 April 1942 ) , known as El Lute , was at one time listed as Spain 's `` Most Wanted '' criminal and later became a published writer .
Jaruwat Cheawaram ( Thai : จารุวัฒน์ เชี่ยวอร่าม ; rtgs : Charuwat Chiao - a - ram ) , also known as Dome ( born on 29 September 1991 in Phuket , Thailand ) , is a Thai singer .
Marvin Iraheta spent all of his early life in El Salvador before coming to the United States .
Lucas Van den Eynde ( born 23 February 1959 ) is a Dutch - speaking actor and voice actor from Belgium .
Lorenzo Palacios Quispe ( April 26 , 1950 in Lima , Peru -- June 24 , 1994 ) was a Peruvian singer and musician .
Agnes Louisa Weston ( née Steuart , 17 January 1879 -- 8 August 1972 ) from Wellington was appointed a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council on 22 June 1950 .
I m Kwon - taek ( born May 2 , 1936 ) is one of South Korea 's most renowned film directors .
Natalia Málaga ( born 26 January 1964 ) is a volleyball player and coach from Peru .
Robert Harold Jenkins ( June 30 , 1873 -- November 5 , 1939 ) was a merchant , investment dealer and political figure in Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Ali Progri was awarded the distinguished title Merited Teacher of Albania .
Peter Kotuľa ( born 11 March 1982 in Bratislava , Slovakia ) is a Slovakian musician and a major artist .
Émile Poisson ( May 25 , 1905 in Ouidah , Benin -- June 4 , 1999 in Paris ) , was a politician from Benin who served in the French Senate from 1947 - 1955 .
Stephen Oluwole Awokoya ( 1913 - -1985 ) was a former minister of education in the old Western Region of Nigeria .
Bernd Friedmann ( also Burnt Friedman ) ( born 1965 in Coburg , Germany ) is a German musician and producer who works under a variety of project names in the fields of Electronica , Dub and Jazz .
Rangimoana Taylor is a Māori actor , theatre director and storyteller from New Zealand with more than 35 years in the industry .
Rabbi Azriel Rabinowitz ( Hebrew : עזריאל רבינוביץ‎ ; 1905 - -July 1941 ) was a rosh yeshiva at the Telshe yeshiva of Lithuania and one of the youngest pre - Holocaust rosh yeshivas .
Michelle Rocca ( born 1961 in Dublin , Ireland ) is a former model , television presenter , and beauty queen who , in 1980 , won the Miss Ireland title .
Orlando Duque ( born September 11 , 1974 in Cali , Colombia ) is a Colombian high diver .
Prathap C. Reddy ( born 1933 in Aragonda , ) is an Indian entrepreneur and cardiologist , who founded the first corporate chain of hospitals in India -- the Apollo Hospitals Group .
Valerie Chow , aka Rachel Shane ( born 16 December 1970 ) is a Hong Kong actress , fashion publicist and entrepreneur .
Erol Dora ( born 2 February 1964 in Hassana near Silopi ) is a lawyer and parliamentary politician of Turkey .
Jawhar Mnari ( Arabic : جوهر مناري‎ ) ( born 8 November 1976 in Monastir , Tunisia ) is a Tunisian footballer .
Isaac Horowitz was born one of 11 siblings in the British mandate of Palestine , modern Israel , in the city of Safed .
Nicolaus van Esch ( Eschius ) ( born in Oisterwijk near ' s - Hertogenbosch , the Netherlands , in 1507 ; died 19 July 1578 ) was a Dutch Roman Catholic theologian and mystical writer .
Juan Martín Cueva Armijos ( born October 9 , 1966 in Quito , Ecuador ) is an Ecuadorian documentary film director and the director of the Filmfestival `` Cero Latitud '' in Quito .
Alois Stadlober ( born April 11 , 1962 ) is a former cross - country skier from Austria who competed from 1988 to 2000 .
Pedro Antonio Díaz ( 5 July 1852 -- 8 May 1919 ) was First Vice President of Panama in 1918 and in that capacity also acting President of Panama from October 1 , 1918 to October 12 , 1918 .
Ivan Ivančić ( December 6 , 1937 -- August 28 , 2014 ) was a Croatian athletics coach and shot putter who represented Yugoslavia .
Antonio Prohías ( January 17 , 1921 -- February 24 , 1998 ) , born in Cienfuegos , Cuba , was a cartoonist most famous as the creator of the comic strip Spy vs. Spy for Mad magazine .
Andrew Schultz ( born in Adelaide , South Australia , on 18 August 1960 ) is an acclaimed Australian classical composer .
Kay Sievers grew up in Eastern Germany and nowadays resides in Berlin , Germany .
In 2003 , Spiller decided to take control over his own productions and thus established his own independent label Nano Records , based in Venice , Italy .
Kastytis Klimas ( born 26 April 1969 in Domeikava ) is track and field sprint athlete who competed internationally for Lithuania .
John Ollivier ( 25 March 1812 -- 31 July 1893 ) was a Member of Parliament in New Zealand , but was better known for his membership of the Canterbury Provincial Council .
William Henry John Seffern ( 1829 - -1900 ) was a notable New Zealand printer , newspaper editor , journalist and historian .
Joseph - Arsène Bonnier ( born November 25 , 1879 in Saint - Urbain , Quebec , Canada - August 20 , 1962 ) was a Canadian politician , contractor , person of independent means and undertaker .
Ethan Rains ( born 1981 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian - American actor , best known for his portrayal of Dr. Leo Julian on the second season of SOAPnet 's General Hospital :
Jason Begg - Smith took part in the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics , representing Australia on 15 February 2006 .
Gizem Gönültaş was born to a blind mother Atiye Gönültaş in Ordu , Turkey on July 13 , 1993 .
César Bengzon ( May 29 , 1896 -- September 3 , 1992 ) was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from April 28 , 1961 until May 29 , 1966 .
Trần Thị Thảo ( born November 24 , 1991 ) is a Vietnamese professional volleyball player who plays for Thong tin Lien Viet Post Bank and the Vietnam women 's national volleyball team .
Inoke Male , ( born 3 June 1963 in Nausori , Fiji ) , is a former Fijian rugby union player and former head coach of the Fijian national side .
Jill Kennare captained the Australia national women 's cricket team on 4 occasions .
Philip Harland is a former track cyclist from New Zealand .
Ulrich K. Goldsmith was born in 1910 in Freiburg ( Black Forest ) and had to leave Germany in 1932 - 1933 because of his Jewish origins and Nazi persecution .
Julio Torri Maynes ( June 27 , 1889 in Saltillo , Coahuila -- May 11 , 1970 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican writer and teacher who formed part of the Ateneo de la Juventud ( 1909 - -1914 ) .
Juan José Flores Aramburu was born on July 19 , 1800 in the city of Puerto Cabello , Venezuela , the illegitimate and only son of Juan José Aramburu , a rich and distinguished Spanish merchant from Spain , and to a Venezuelan , Rita Flores Bohorques .
Michael Urukalo , born Milorad Urukalo , is a Serbian - born Australian football ( soccer ) coach who has worked at several clubs in Africa , Asia and Australia .
The Yamaha brand trademark , YAMAHA , comes from the name of its founder Torakusu Yamaha who pioneered the production of Western musical instruments in Japan .
Mario Humberto Lobo ( born August 21 , 1964 in San Salvador de Jujuy , Argentina ) is an Argentine former footballer .
The Pekka Pöyry Award is named in his honor and given to young , talented saxophonists in Finland , awarded since the early 1980s .
Al - Shymaa Kway - Geer ( born 1960 ) is a member of the parliamentary body , the National Assembly , of Tanzania .
Francisco Marroquín ( 1499 -- April 18 , 1563 ) was the first bishop of Guatemala , translator of Central American languages and provisional Governor of Guatemala .
In April 2007 Tiësto launched his radio show Tiësto 's Club Life on Radio 538 in the Netherlands and released his third studio album Elements of Life .
Te Mete Raukawa ( 1836 - -1926 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader , assessor and sportsman .
Benjamin Stambouli is a France youth international having earned caps at under-21 level .
Yelena Belyakova ( Russian : Елена Белякова ; born 7 April 1976 in Moscow ) is a former pole vaulter from Russia .
Hazel Crane ( 1951 - -2003 ) was a prominent socialite , businesswoman and posthumous memoirist in South Africa .
Lieutenant Colonel Ghulam Hussain Chaudry or Ghulam Hussain Chaudry Shaheed , HJ , born in 1926 , was a Pakistan Army officer who received the Hilal - i - Jurat for his service in the Indo - Pakistani War of 1971 .
Ibrahim Hananu or Ibrahim Hanano ( 1869 - -1935 ) ( Arabic : إبراهيم هنانو‎ ) was an Ottoman municipal official and later a leader of a revolt against the French presence in northern Syria .
Nandini Goud ( born 1967 ) is a well - known painter and printmaker from Hyderabad , India .
Edward Nicholas Hopkins ( October 3 , 1854 -- July 14 , 1935 ) was a farmer , manufacturer and political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Mathias Pierre ( born 3 April 1967 in Haiti ) , is an entrepreneur and an author .
Charlotte Randall ( born Dunedin ) is a New Zealand novelist .
Louis Lerambert received court commissions under King Louis XIII and his successor King Louis XIV of France in the three current sculptural genres , overmantels and decorative sculpture , portrait busts and tomb figures .
In 1988 Imrat Khan received a Sangeet Natak Akademi Award from the president of India .
Elise Thérèse Koekkoek - Daiwaille ( May 5 , 1814 -- June 2 , 1881 ) was a painter and lithographer from the Netherlands .
Alexander Mickelthwate ( born 2 June 1970 , Frankfurt , West Germany ) is a German - born conductor .
Sheikh Mohammed Sultan ( 10 August 1923 - 10 October 1994 ; better known as SM Sultan , Bengali : এস এম সুলতান ) , was a Bangladesh avant - garde artist who worked in painting and drawing .
Pavel Gintov ( Ukrainian : Павло Гiнтов , Russian : Павел Гинтов ) ( born January 14 , 1984 in Kiev , Ukraine ) is a classical pianist .
Reginald Alexander Dallas Brooks was born on 22 August 1896 at Cambridge , Cambridgeshire , England , United Kingdom , son of Dallas George Brooks and Violet Ruth , née Shepherd .
Ernest Tate , known as Ernie Tate , is a long - standing supporter of the reunified Fourth International , based in Canada .
However , in 184 , before Cui Yan could complete his studies , the Yellow Turban Rebellion broke out in China .
Todor Ivanchov ( Bulgarian : Тодор Иванчов ) ( 1858 -- 1906 ) was a supporter of Vasil Radoslavov who served as Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 13 October 1899 to 25 January 1901 .
Cardiff Vaega ( born in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand rugby union player .
Luis Carlos Restrepo Ramírez ( born 24 January 1954 ) is a Colombian psychiatrist and philosopher , who served as the 5th High Commissioner for Peace of Colombia from 2002 to 2006 .
Dimitrije Bužarovski Ph.D. ( Macedonian : Димитрије Бужаровски ) ( born August 8 , 1952 , Skopje , Macedonia ) is a Macedonian composer , versatile artist and a scholar with interests in different fields : composition , musicology , computer and electronic music , performance , teaching and research .
Arthur Rimbaud was born in the provincial town of Charleville ( now part of Charleville - Mézières ) in the Ardennes département in northeastern France .
Takayuki Takaguchi ( 高口 隆行 , born August 23 , 1983 in Edogawa , Tokyo ) is a Japanese professional baseball shortstop for the Yomiuri Giants in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Henry Tang Ying - yen , GBM , GBS , JP ( born 6 September 1952 , Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong politician who served as the Chief Secretary of Hong Kong between 2007 and 2011 .
Edgar Julius Jung ( March 6 , 1894 -- July 1 , 1934 ) was a German lawyer born in Ludwigshafen , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Zhai Gong ( Chinese : 翟公 , fl . 2nd century BCE ) was a Magistrate under the Emperor Wendi of the Han dynasty of China .
Laura Beyne ; ( born 25 May 1992 ) is a Belgian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 2012 and represented her country in the 2012 Miss Universe and Miss World pageants .
Halvor Nordhaug ( born 26 February 1953 ) is a Norwegian Bishop in the Lutheran Church of Norway .
Jeannot Moes ( born 11 May 1948 ) is a Luxembourg players .
Jez Smith ( born in London , United Kingdom ) is a British fashion and beauty photographer , best known as a judge on Australia 's Next Top Model .
Peter Drew Hutton ( born 1947 ) is an activist , academic , campaigner and past political candidate for the Queensland Greens in elections in Queensland , Australia at all three levels of government .
Mónica Navarro ( born October 30 , 1968 ) is a Tango singer and actress from Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Tufan Esin ( born 7 August 1980 in Silifke , Turkey ) , is a Turkish footballer who plays for Diyarbakirspor as a forward .
Omchery N. N. Pillai is a Malayalam -- language playwright , novelist and poet from Kerala , India .
Colonel ( retired ) Abubakar Dangiwa Umar ( born 1949 ) was governor of Kaduna state in Nigeria from August 1985 to June 1988 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Merzifonlu Kara Mustafa Pasha ( 1634/1635 -- 25 December 1683 ) was an Ottoman military leader and grand vizier who was a central character in the Ottoman Empire 's last attempts at expansion into both Central and Eastern Europe .
Sibel Tüzün ( born 29 September 1971 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish pop / rock / jazz singer .
Youssef Chippo ( Arabic : يوسف شيبو‎ ; born 10 May 1973 in Boujad ) is a retired footballer from Morocco .
Aleksandr Mikhailovich Bezobrazov ( Russian : Александр Михайлович Безобразов ( 1855 - 1931 ) was a Russian businessman and political adventurer who exerted a major influence on the foreign policies of the Russian Empire in the years prior to the Russo - Japanese War .
Judi Connelli AM ( born 20 July 1947 in Brisbane , Australia ) is an award - winning singer and actress .
Ferdinand Hartzenberg ( born 8 January 1936 in Lichtenburg ) is a South African politician and was the second and last leader of the Conservative Party in South Africa between 1993 and its merger with the Freedom Front in 2004 .
Alina Grosu ( Ukrainian : Аліна Ґросу ; born in Chernivtsi , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian singer from the Romanian minority .
Barbara Hulanicki OBE ( b. 1936 ) is a fashion designer , born in Warsaw , Poland , to Polish parents and best known as the founder of iconic clothes store Biba .
Thierry Pister ( born 2 September 1965 in Belgium ) is a former Belgian footballer , last managing R.A.E.C. Mons .
Václav Riedlbauch ( born April 1 , 1947 in Dýšina , Czechoslovakia , now Czech Republic ) is a Czech composer , pedagogue and manager .
Alexander Kravchenko ( Russian : Александр Кравченко , born April 21 , 1971 in Arkhangelsk , Soviet Union ) is a professional poker player based in Moscow , Russia .
Herma Auguste Wittstock ( born 1977 in Peine , Germany ) is a performance artist .
Lubica Kucerova ( born 27 April 1983 ) , also known as Lubica Slovak , is a Slovakia born fashion designer , Ryerson University graduate and founder of LUBICA , clothing company based in Jamaica .
Alvin Daniel ( born 30 August 1969 ) is a retired athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who specialized in the 200 and 400 metres .
Cristian Vella ( born March 6 , 1978 in Rosario , Santa Fe , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Sportivo Belgrano of the Primera B Nacional Argentina .
Stian Grimseth ( born 24 July 1972 ) is a weightlifter from Naustdal in Norway .
Edgar William Richard Steacie , OBE FRS FRSC(December 25 , 1900 -- August 28 , 1962 ) was a Canadian physical chemist and president of the National Research Council of Canada from 1952 to 1962 .
Kimberley Starr was born in 1970 in Morgantown , West Virginia , later moving to Australia as a young child .
Chris Pickering is an Australian alt.country singer , songwriter and guitarist based in Brisbane , Australia .
Tringa Hysa ( Albanian pronunciation : ( ˈtriŋɡa ˈhysa ) , born 8 January 1996 in Pristina , Kosovo ) is a Kosovar Albanian ballet dancer .
Jacob Oldham ( ca 1768 -- June 11 , 1824 ) was an English - born lawyer , businessman and political figure in Lower Canada .
M. Aram was an educator and peace advocate from India .
Roman Machulenko ( Ukrainian : Роман Іванович Мачуленко ; born 26 July 1992 in Boryspil , Kyiv Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for OKS Stomil Olsztyn in the I liga ( Poland ) .
Sadio Lamine Sow ( born 9 August 1952 , Kayes ) is the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of Mali since 24 April 2012 .
Aleksandar Ristić ( born 28 June 1944 in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian football manager and a former player .
Dr. Fazlullah Mujadedi ( Persian : فضل الله مجددی‎ ) also spelled as ( Mujaddedi Mujaddidi Mojadeddi Mujadidi ) is a politician in Afghanistan , currently serving as Governor of Laghman Province .
Émile de Najac was born in Lorient , France , the descendant of naval commander and bonapartist Benoît Georges de Najac .
Qamar Ahmed ( born 23 October 1937 ) is a cricket journalist and former first - class cricketer from Pakistan .
Narayana Pandita ( Bengali : নারায়ণ পণ্ডিত ; Sanskrit : नारायण पण्डित ) ( 1340 - -1400 ) was a major mathematician of India .
Eduardo Castro Almanza ( born May 1 , 1954 ) is a retired long - distance runner from Mexico , who won several medals during the early 1980s .
Luiz Henrique Vieira , known as Luizinho Vieira ( born February 4 , 1972 in Criciúma , Brazil ) , is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) manager and football player .
Ian Callanan ( born 17 March 1971 in Cork , Ireland ) , is a composer of Catholic liturgical music and a contemporary Christian songwriter best known for composing the hymn `` Comfort My People '' and `` Take and Eat , This is my Body '' .
Jacques Julliard , Fernand Pelloutier et les origines du syndicalisme d'action directe , Paris 1971 F.F. Ridley , Revolutionary Syndicalism in France , Cambridge 1970 Peter Stearns , Revolutionary Syndicalism and French Labor :
Othmar Ammann was born nearby Schaffhausen , Switzerland in 1879 .
Juan Antonio Saavedra Reinaldo ( born November 21 , 1973 in Pontevedra ) is a shooter from Spain .
Ulf Olsson ( 19 December 1951 -- 10 January 2010 ) , also known as Helénmannen ( `` the Helén man '' ) in Sweden , was convicted for the murders of 10-year - old Helén Nilsson and 26-year - old Jannica Ekblad in 1989 .
Ronny Harun ( born 19 January 1984 in Sipitang , Sabah ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for Sarawak F.C. in the Malaysia Super League .
Mark van Oppen ( Zolder , Belgium , April 29 , 1953 ) better known as Marvano , is a Belgian comic artist .
Marjorie Magri , ( born on May 2 , 1986 in Caracas , Venezuela ) , is a Venezuelan actress and model .
Dorismar has worked as an actress in Argentina and in Miami .
Robert Penfold ( born 1951 ) is a Foreign Correspondent for Australia 's Nine News .
Samin Baghtcheban was born in 1925 in Tabriz to an Azeri family , and grew up in Shiraz and Tehran , where his father established the first modern kindergartens and schools for the deaf in Iran .
Mary Ursula Bethell , usually known as Ursula Bethell ( 6 October 1874 -- 15 January 1945 ) was a New Zealand social worker and poet .
Ahmet Uzun is the Minister of Finance in the Government of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , a non - recognized state .
Signe Baumane was born in Auce , Latvia , and grew up in Tukums , Latvia and Sakhalin Island .
Joyce Dingwell , née Enid Joyce Owen Starr ( 1908 in City of Ryde , Sydney , Australia -- 2 August 1997 in Kincumber , Sydney ) , an Australian writer of more than 80 romance novels at Mills & Boon from 1931 to 1986 , who also wrote under the pseudonym of Kate Starr .
Ainars Zvirgzdiņš ( born March 2 , 1959 in Sabile ) is a Latvian basketball coach , mostly known with the Latvia women 's national basketball team .
Patricia Martín ( born in Mexico City ) is a Mexican independent art curator .
Carlos Pezoa Véliz ( July 21 , 1879 -- April 21 , 1908 ) was a poet , educator and journalist from Chile .
Walery Jaworski ( March 20 , 1849 -- July 17 , 1924 ) , was one of the pioneers of gastroenterology in Poland .
Roberto Costa Cabral or Roberto Costa , as he was known , ( born December 8 , 1954 in Santos ) is a former football player from Brazil .
Vyron Polydoras ( Greek : Βύρων Πολύδωρας , Greek pronunciation : ( ˌviron poˈlidoras ) ; born 27 January 1947 in Perivolia , Elis , Greece ) is a Greek politician who was the Minister for Public Order and Justice of Greece from 2006 to 2007 in the first Cabinet of Kostas Karamanlis .
Paul Gianni from Western Australia is an Australian Paralympic athlete .
Cao Thị Đoan Trang ( born February 4 , 1978 in Bình Dương , Vietnam ) is a contemporary Vietnamese pop / latin - influenced singer residing in Vietnam .
Niklas Sundin ( born August 13 , 1974 in Sweden ) , is a musician best known as the guitarist of bands Dark Tranquillity and Laethora .
Riccardo Bacchelli was elected as a member of the Royal Academy of Italy .
Dario Campeotto has been married twice and once lived in Italy with his former wife , actress Ghita Nørby , but returned to Denmark where he is currently continuing his career .
Carlo Janka ( born 15 October 1986 ) is a champion alpine ski racer from Switzerland .
Benjamin Kirsten is the son of former Germany national team forward and three - time Bundesliga top scorer Ulf Kirsten .
Józef Świeżyński ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjuzɛf ɕfjɛˈʐɨɲskʲi ) ; 1868 -- 12 February 1948 ) was the prime minister of the Kingdom of Poland for a short time -- from October 23 , 1918 to November 4 , 1918 .
Renata Kijowska ( born December 10 , 1975 ) is a Polish journalist and reporter of The Facts , the flagship newscast of TVN , one of Poland 's major television networks .
Salvatore Sciarrino ( born Palermo , Italy , on April 4 , 1947 ) is an Italian composer of contemporary classical music .
V. R. Naren Kumar is a seven - time INRC Rally Champion and Two time runner - up and Asia Zone Champion from Coimbatore , India .
Ömer Sabancı ( born 1959 in Adana ) , a member of the Turkey 's second wealthiest Sabancı family in third generation , is a Turkish businessman .
Hans Parrel ( born September 14 , 1944 in Utrecht ) is a former water polo player from The Netherlands , who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1968 .
Ludwig Haas ( born 16 April 1933 ) is a German television actor from Eutin , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Emilio Bigi was born in Asunción , Paraguay , on July 1 , 1910 , son of Elisa Bigi , from the Italian collectivity in this country .
L7a9d or El Haqed ( Arabic : الحاقد‎ ; real name Mouad Belaghouat -- born 1988 in Casablanca ) is a Moroccan rapper and human rights activist who rose to prominence when he was imprisoned for criticising Mohammed VI the king of Morocco .
Angélica Fuentes Téllez ( born 1963 ) is a Mexican business executive and shareholder of Grupo Omnilife - Angelissima - Chivas , a multinational corporation based in Mexico composed of nutrition supplements company Omnilife , beauty and cosmetics brand Angelíssima , and the Mexican soccer team , C.D. Guadalajara , more commonly known as Chivas .
Phil Pratt , born George Phillips ( born 1942 in Kingston , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican reggae singer and record producer .
Christine Van Broeckhoven ( born 9 April 1953 ) is a Belgian molecular biologist and professor in Molecular genetics at the University of Antwerp ( Antwerp , Belgium ) .
Alfred Baur ( 1865 - -1951 ) was born in Andelfingen , Switzerland , ( Zurich ) .
It was in this periodical that his most famous pseudonym was born , João do Rio , when on November 26 , 1903 he signed an article called O Brasil Lê ( Brazil Reads ) , an inquiry about the literary preferences of the Carioca reader .
Remy Põld ( born September 13 , 1992 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is an Estonian basketball player who currently plays for Leicester Riders in the British Basketball League and the Estonia national basketball team at Under 18 level .
Fiona Hefti ( born 4 May 1980 in Zurich , Switzerland ) was Miss Switzerland 2004 and a contestant in the Miss World 2004 and Miss Universe 2005 pageants .
Felix Abuchi ( born March 4 , 1991 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian footballer who played for Unión San Felipe of the Primera División in Chile during 2010 .
Jürgen Dehmel ( born 12 August 1958 , Berlin , Germany ) is a German bass player and songwriter .
John Randolph , 3rd Earl of Moray ( 1306 -- 17 October 1346 ) was an important figure in the reign of David II of Scotland , and was for a time joint Regent of Scotland .
Ignisious Gaisah ( born July 20 , 1983 ) is a Ghanaian born athlete competing in the long jump for the Netherlands .
Andrew Crosby ( born 5 November 1965 in Bella Coola , British Columbia ) is a retired rower from Canada .
Major General Sir William John Victor Windeyer KBE , CB , DSO & Bar , KC ( 28 July 1900 -- 23 November 1987 ) was an Australian judge , soldier , educator , and a Justice of the High Court of Australia .
Dušan Fabian was born on 10 November 1975 in Košice , Slovakia , where he has lived ever since .
Nafe Seluini is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Burleigh Bears .
Master Paul of Levoča ( Slovak : Majster Pavol z Levoče , Hungarian : Lőcsei Pál mester ) was a medieval carver and sculptor of the 15th and 16th century , active mostly in the town of Levoča , Slovakia .
T. S. Gurung was a social and political worker of Darjeeling , India .
Gianni Pedrizzetti ( 7 September 1963 in Prato , Italy ) is an Italian engineer who is a professor in fluid mechanics at the University of Trieste .
Count François de Nicolay ( 31 August 1919 - 21 November 1963 ) was a member of the House of Nicolay in France who was a farm manager , arboriculturist , and a politician who was elected to the Senate of France .
Nekane Díez Tapia ( born 13 August 1991 ) is a Spanish football striker , currently playing for Athletic Bilbao in Spain 's Primera División .
Jonas Bering ( born November 9 , 1975 ) is a critically acclaimed French electronic music songwriter , from Lille , France .
Joseph Georges Bouchard ( born April 23 , 1888 in Saint - Philippe - de - Néri , Quebec , Canada - died August 4 , 1956 ) was a Canadian politician , agrologist and teacher .
Eugène Chavant was the founder of the French resistance organisation France Combat in 1942 and a prominent member of the French resistance .
Henry Valentino is widely known in Germany for his distinct musical style , which has been the inspiration of a whole generation of German musicians .
Lekim Ibragimov ( born 1944 ) is a Uzbekistani graphic artist , painter , professor and academician of the Arts Academy of Uzbekistan .
Ulf Michael Widenius ( often called Monty ; born 3 March 1962 , in Helsinki , Finland ) is the main author of the original version of the open source MySQL database , a founding member of the MySQL AB company and is currently CTO of the MariaDB Foundation .
Prabhat Kumar is a former governor of Jharkhand and a former cabinet secretary in the Government of India .
Harold John Finlay ( 22 March 1901 -- 7 April 1951 ) was a New Zealand palaeontologist and conchologist .
Hatem Ghoula ( Arabic : حاتم غولة‎ ; born 7 June 1973 in Paris , France ) is a Tunisian race walker .
Jonathan Goldberg , known as Johnny G ( born 1956 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a South African cyclist , former professional cyclist and developer of the indoor cycling program called Spinning .
Dr. Maung Maung ( Burmese : မောင်မောင် ( màʊɴ màʊɴ ) ; 11 January 1925 -- 2 July 1994 ) was the 7th President of the Union of Myanmar , and a well - known writer .
Kasia Cerekwicka ( born Katarzyna Cerekwicka March 17 , 1980 in Koszalin , Poland ) is a Polish pop singer .
Kentaro Okamoto ( born c.1982 ) , better known as DJ Kentaro , is a hip hop DJ from Japan .
Les Beaux Dimanches was a long - running Canadian television series , which aired on Télévision de Radio - Canada on Sunday nights from 1966 to 2004 .
Filhós ( or filhoses in plural ) is a traditional Christmas dessert in Portugal .
Bar Bender ( Traditional Chinese : 潮爆大狀 ) is a Hong Kong legal drama series produced by TVB and aired on its channel , Jade , from 3 to 26 April 2006 .
Bella Ferraro is an Australian singer most notable for finishing fourth on the fourth season of The X Factor Australia in 2012 .
Ekhrajiha ( Persian : اخراجی‌ها‎ , `` The Outcast '' ) is a 2007 Iranian film , written and directed by Masoud Dehnamaki , narrating a story during Iran--
Reporter 's Notebook is an investigative news magazine television show in the Philippines hosted by senior reporters Jiggy Manicad and Maki Pulido .
Trente tableaux is a 2011 autobiographical feature documentary by Quebec film director Paule Baillargeon , made during her two - year film residency with the National Film Board of Canada .
Streetsmartz is centred on the lives of a group of children , their friends and family who live in Fremantle , in Western Australia .
Limca is a lemon and lime flavoured carbonated soft drink made primarily in India and certain parts of the U.S. It contains 60 calories per can .
C / o Footpath ( or Care of Footpath ) is the first film produced by the Kiran Movie Makers of Bangalore , India .
Zone Fighter , known in Japan as Ryūsei Ningen Zone ( 流星人間ゾーン Ryūsei Ningen Zōn , lit . `` Meteor Human Zone '' ) , is a tokusatsu science fiction superhero television series .
At the Threshold of an Era ( Chinese : 創世紀 ) was a Hong Kong epic drama series broadcast by TVB Jade Channel from 11 October to 18 December 1999 and 13 March to 26 May 2000 and was extensively promoted by TVB as its cross - millennium , one - hundred - episode - long epic .
Very Annie Mary is a 2001 comedy film and musical from the United Kingdom , written and directed by Sara Sugarman and starring Rachel Griffiths and Jonathan Pryce .
Shchi is a traditional soup of Russia where it has been known as far back as the 9th century , soon after cabbage was introduced from Byzantium .
Casoncelli ( kazonˈtʃɛlli ) ( or casonsèi in the local dialect ) are kind of stuffed pasta , typical of the culinary tradition of Lombardy , in the north - central part of Italy .
Four Seasons Wines Limited is an Indian winery which was established in 2006,based in Bangalore , India .
In the days before cable or satellite television services , the success of Sgorio extended beyond Wales ' border as avid football fans in England retuned their aerials to watch the programme with Spain 's La Liga featuring alongside Italy 's Serie A and latterly , Germany 's Bundesliga .
M. Chat ( also known as Monsieur Chat and Mr Chat ) is the name of a graffiti cat that originally appeared in Orléans , France in 1997 .
The hulls were manufactured in Spain , while the ASCOD turrets ( based on the SP-30 turret design used on the scout version of the Pandur ) were made by Steyr in Austria .
Dhindo ( Nepali : ढिँडो Listen ) is a traditional food of Nepal .
`` Rhythm Inside '' is the name of the debut song that represented Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 .
Dunia Tanpa Koma ( DTK ) ( English : The World without Commas ) is the first TV series in Indonesia that has the season system .
The Beretta 92 ( also Beretta 96 and Beretta 98 ) is a series of semi - automatic pistols designed and manufactured by Beretta of Italy .
Hind Laroussi Tahiri was born on December 3 , 1984 in Gouda , Netherlands .
Sports Unlimited ( now Sports U ) is a sports program of ABS - CBN in the Philippines .
Miang kham ( or `` mieng kham '' , miang kam , miang kum , Thai : เมี่ยงคำ , pronounced ( mîaŋ kʰām ) ) is a traditional snack from Thailand and Laos ( Lao : ໝ້ຽງ Lao pronunciation : ( mȉaːŋ ) ) .
Muhammara ( Arabic : محمرة‎ `` reddened '' ) or mhammara is a hot pepper dip originally from Aleppo , Syria , found in Levantine and Turkish cuisines .
Pah Wongso Pendekar Boediman ( Malay for Pah Wongso the Righteous Warrior ) is a 1941 detective film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) .
Roast beef is a signature national dish of England and holds cultural meaning for the English dating back to the 1731 ballad `` The Roast Beef of Old England '' .
The Holiday was first released on December 6 , 2006 , in Spain and on December 8 , 2006 , in North America and the United Kingdom .
Bad Eggs grossed $ 2,317,820 at the box office in Australia .
Melodifestivalen 1965 ( known as the Svensk sångfinal ) was the selection for the seventh song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest .
King Uncle ( Hindi : किंग अंकल , Urdu : کنْگ انْکل‎ ) is a Hindi movie which was directed by Rakesh Roshan and released in India in 1993 .
Prosto z mostu presented the works of leading right - wing publicists of Poland in the late 1930s .
Frederick Douglass and the White Negro is a documentary telling the story of ex - slave , abolitionist , writer and politician Frederick Douglass and his escape to Ireland from America in the 1840s .
Next Year in Argentina ( original title El Año Que Viene en ... Argentina ) is a 2005 documentary about diaspora Jews , who have either decided to remain in Argentina or move to Israel .
El Ideal Gallego is a Galician newspaper from A Coruña , Spain .
The Adventures of Black Beauty is a British adventure family television series produced by London Weekend Television and shown by ITV in the United Kingdom between 1972 and 1974 .
Nokian Panimo Oy ( known as Pirkanmaan Uusi Panimo / PUP Oy until 2004 ) is a brewery in Nokia , Finland , founded in 1991 .
La Douleur ( War : A Memoir ) is a controversial , semi - autobiographical work by Marguerite Duras published in 1985 but drawn from diaries she supposedly wrote during World War II . It is a collection of six texts recounting a mix of her experiences of the Nazi Occupation of France with fictional details .
Highs and Lows ( Chinese : 雷霆掃毒 ) is a Hong Kong television crime drama serial produced by TVB under executive producer Lam Chi - wah .
Vénus aveugle ( Blind Venus ) is a 1941 French film melodrama , directed by Abel Gance , and one of the first films to be undertaken in France during the German occupation .
De Gelderlander is a regional newspaper for the Gelderland region of the Netherlands .
Malu Mirisata ( spicy Sri Lankan fish curry ) has more of a chili flavor and it 's a favorite method of cooking fish in Sri Lanka .
The Grand Budapest Hotel was released on DVD and Blu - ray on 17 June 2014 in the United States and on 7 July 2014 in the United Kingdom
Fatenah is the first 3D animated film made in the Palestinian territories .
Viva Zapatero ! is titled after the famous `` Viva Zapata ! '' and it also refers to the Spanish prime minister , José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , who , immediately after gaining power in Spain , ensured that the head of the state - run public broadcaster would no longer be a political appointee(as opposed to Italy ) .
Gyeran jjim is a Korean steamed egg casserole , which is a popular dish in Korea and often eaten as a side dish ( banchan ) .
First Squad ( Japanese : ファーストスクワッド Fāsuto sukuwaddo , Russian : Пе́рвый отря́д , Perviy otryad ) is a joint animation project of Japan 's Studio 4 ° C and Russia 's Molot Entertainment .
Sterling has blogged for and hosted The Naked Wine Show since 2008 and has written for the show in Canada 's National Post newspaper about her travels to wine destinations like France 's Blois and Chaumont .
Co - produced by the National Film Board of Canada and Producers on Davie Pictures , Scared Sacred received a Genie Award for Best Documentary .
Be Like Others ( also known as Transsexual in Iran ) is a 2008 documentary film written and directed by Tanaz Eshaghian about transsexuals in Iran .
The film was developed under the title Muthamidalaama and was touted as India 's first digital film made for theatres .
Frugo is a brand of fruit drinks , developed by Alima Gerber , now owned by FoodCare Poland .
Kh-35 ( 3M-24 ) - Base naval version for Russia ( 2003 ) .
He takes his Münch Mammut , nicknamed `` Mammuth '' and sails off through France to retrieve the documents .
Children of the Stars is a 2007 documentary about children with autism ( Chinese : 孤独症 ; pinyin : Gūdúzhèng ) in the People 's Republic of China .
LazyTown ( Icelandic : Latibær ) is an Icelandic educational musical children 's television program with a cast and crew from Iceland , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
Diario de Cádiz is a Spanish - language newspaper published in Cádiz , Spain .
The Dark Tales is a series of Hong Kong television period supernatural dramas that originally aired on Jade from 18 March 1996 to 1 May 1998 , consisting of two installments with 75 episodes .
Domino Day was a world record attempt for the highest number of toppling domino stones , organized from 1998 to 2009 by Endemol Netherlands .
Ezra Brooks is a brand of Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey .
Francesinha poveira , or simply francesinha , is a fast food from Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal .
The Antenna Awards is an annual Australian awards ceremony which recognizes outstanding community television programmes broadcast on stations of Australia 's Channel 31 .
Shade of Darkness is a 1994 horror series by Hong Kong television broadcaster TVB .
Aalog - Alog ( English : Shaking ) is a sitcom from the Philippines which aired its first episode on ABS - CBN , on July 8 , 2006 .
Maltagliati ( pronounced ( maltaʎˈʎaːti ) ) are a type of pasta typical product to the Emilia - Romagna region of Italy .
Seven Beauties was filmed on location in Naples , Campania , Italy .
Laksamana Upin & Ipin is a second animated film from Malaysia .
In 1977 , the TV - series Orzowei was aired on RAI 1 ( Italy 's primary national television ) featuring Peter Marshall as Orzowei .
Inaam Ghar Plus(Urdu : انعام گھر‎ , English The Awards House ) is a Geo TV 's presented television game show in Pakistan .
Taylor & Francis Group is an international company originating in the United Kingdom that publishes books and academic journals .
Pastillas or Pastillas de Leche is a milk - based confectionery which originated in the town of San Miguel in Bulacan , Philippines .
Children in Need 2014 is a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for the charity Children in Need .
Buffet Crampon began manufacturing musical instruments in 1825 exclusively in France , but has since expanded their business to include production facilities in Germany and China as well .
Eyes Without a Face received its second large theatrical release in a September 1986 re - release in conjunction with retrospectives at the National Film Theatre in London and at film archive Cinémathèque Française for its 50th anniversary in France .
For the production of Mirt Sost Shi Amit ( Harvest : 3,000 Years ) Gerima returned to his native Ethiopia to produce the tale of a poor peasant family who eke out an existence within a brutal , exploitative , and feudal system of labor .
Son Pari was a children 's fantasy - adventure TV series , originally broadcast on India 's Star Plus channel .
The Ill - Matched Marriage ( also known as The Marriage Contract ) is an oil painting executed by the early Netherlandish master Quentin Matsys , usually dated between 1525 and 1530 .
Woman with a Water Jug , also known as Young Woman with a Water Pitcher , is a painting finished between 1660 - -1662 by the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer in the Baroque style .
The Empty Mask ( 1928 ) is a painting by Belgian surrealist René Magritte .
The Camden Town Murder is a title given to a group of four paintings by Walter Sickert painted in 1908 .
The San Cassiano Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Antonello da Messina , dating to 1475 - 1476 .
Auf Wiedersehen , Pet was created by Franc Roddam after an idea from Mick Connell came to light ( Mick Connell was a bricklayer from Stockton - on - Tees and was very good friends with Franc ) .
Mycroft Holmes is a fictional character appearing in stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
The Sistine Madonna , also called the Madonna di San Sisto , is an oil painting by the Italian artist Raphael Sanzio .
View from Mount Holyoke , Northampton , Massachusetts , after a Thunderstorm , commonly known as The Oxbow , is a seminal landscape painting by Thomas Cole , founder of the Hudson River School .
Chez Tortoni is a painting by the French artist Édouard Manet , painted ca .
Stevenson Memorial is a 1903 oil painting by the American artist Abbott Handerson Thayer , intended to commemorate the writer Robert Louis Stevenson .
Ex - Voto de 1662 is a painting by the French artist Philippe de Champaigne held in Paris 's Louvre .
Who 's Your Daddy Now ? is a situational comedy television show in the Philippines that was aired every Monday evenings by GMA Network replacing Lagot Ka , Isusumbong Kita .
Boy Bitten by a Lizard ( Italian : Ragazzo morso da un ramarro ) is a painting by the Italian Baroque painter Caravaggio .
The Gabby Hayes Show is a general purpose western television series in which the film star and Roy Rogers confidant , George `` Gabby '' Hayes ( 1885 - -1969 ) , narrated each episode , showed clips from old westerns , or told tall tales for a primarily children 's audience .
Dr. Katz , Professional Therapist is an American animated series that originally ran on Comedy Central from May 28 , 1995 to December 24 , 1999 , with a final set of three shelved episodes airing in 2002 , starring Jonathan Katz , Jon Benjamin , and Laura Silverman .
A Goldsmith in His Shop , Possibly Saint Eligius is a 1449 painting by Petrus Christus , now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
Bear in the Big Blue House is an American children 's television series created by Mitchell Kriegman and produced by Jim Henson Television for Disney Channel 's Playhouse Disney preschool television block .
Skaters in the Bois de Boulogne ( French : Les patineurs à Longchamp ) is an oil - on - canvas landscape painting by the French artist Pierre - Auguste Renoir , created during the winter of 1868 .
The Brady Bunch is an American sitcom created by Sherwood Schwartz that originally aired from September 26 , 1969 , to March 8 , 1974 , on ABC .
The Barcelona Series is a series of fifty black and white lithographs made by Joan Miró and published in 1944 .
Hand with Reflecting Sphere also known as Self - Portrait in Spherical Mirror is a lithograph print by Dutch artist M. C. Escher , first printed in January 1935 .
Skull of a Skeleton with Burning Cigarette ( Dutch : Kop van een skelet met brandende sigaret ) is an early work by Vincent van Gogh .
Isabella and the Pot of Basil is a painting completed in 1868 by William Holman Hunt depicting a scene from John Keats 's poem Isabella , or the Pot of Basil .
East Gate / West Gate , a public sculpture by Sasson Soffer , is located on the Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis campus , which is near downtown Indianapolis , Indiana .
The Beaune Altarpiece ( c. 1445 - -50 ) , often called The Last Judgement , is a large polyptych altarpiece by the Flemish artist Rogier van der Weyden .
A spin - off called The Lab with Leo Laporte aired much of the same content as Call for Help and ran on the same networks .
Card Sharks is an American television game show created by Chester Feldman for Mark Goodson - Bill Todman Productions .
Apparatus and Hand is a 1927 painting by Salvador Dalí .
Dark Sky Paradise is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist Big Sean .
Lady Lilith is an oil painting by Dante Gabriel Rossetti first painted in 1866 - -68 using his mistress Fanny Cornforth as the model , then altered in 1872 - -73 to show the face of Alexa Wilding .
Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip is an American comedy - drama television series created and primarily written by Aaron Sorkin .
The Cornell Farm ( 1848 ) is an oil on canvas landscape by Edward Hicks .
The Expulsion from the Garden of Eden ( Italian : Cacciata dei progenitori dall'Eden ) is a fresco by the Italian Early Renaissance artist Masaccio .
Zubair Hoque ( Bengali : জুবায়ের হক ; born 18 July 1996 ) is an English racing driver .
Zeke Steggall ( born 1971 ) is a former Australian Olympic snowboarder .
Vincenzo Comneno ( Vicencius Comnenus or Vićenc Komnen ) ( 1590 - -1667 ) was a musician and madrigal composer of the Renaissance and early Baroque from the Republic of Ragusa .
Mark Jonathan Harris ( born 1941 ) is an American documentary filmmaker probably best known for his films Into the Arms of Strangers :
Joseph Maddrey ( born 1979 ) is an American author and screenwriter known for writing and producing the documentary Nightmares in Red , White and Blue :
Volodymyr Shekhovtsov ( Ukrainian : Володи́мир Ві́кторович Шеховцо́в ; born 3 December 1963 in USSR ) is a retired Ukrainian football ( soccer ) player and current an Ukrainian professional football coach .
The Honourable Charles Thomas Mills ( 13 March 1887 -- 6 October 1915 ) was Conservative MP for the Uxbridge Division of Middlesex elected in 1910 .
Søren Kjeldsen ( born 17 May 1975 ) is a Danish golfer who plays on the European Tour .
Radivoj Lazić ( Kikinda 1 August 1953 ) is a musician , clarinettist , pedagogue , composer , painter and children 's writer .
Élie Domota ( born in 1963 ) is a trade union leader from Guadeloupe , spokesman of Liyannaj Kont Pwofitasyon or LKP ( `` Movement against exploitation '' in creole ) and general secretary of the UGTG , the main trade union in Guadeloupe .
Lao She was born Shu Qingchun ( 舒慶春 ) on 3 February 1899 in Beijing , to a poor Manchu family of the Sumuru clan belonging to the Red Banner .
Clara Lucila Campos Marcial ( born 16 August 1938 in Lima ) , is a Peruvian singer known as `` la Morena Espectáculo '' and `` Reina de las Polladas '' .
John Rawlings ( 1912 - 1970 ) was a Condé Nast Publications fashion photographer from the 1930s through the 1960s .
Blake Caparello ( born 30 August 1986 ) is an Australian Light Heavyweight professional boxer .
Ronan Harris ( born 14 June 1967 ) is a member of the act VNV Nation , along with Mark Jackson .
Izchak Miller ( 1935 -- April 1 , 1994 ) was a philosopher and author , known , among other things , for his books on Edmund Husserl and his contributions to Husserlian phenomenology .
Adeline de Monseignat ( born 1987 , Monaco ) is a Dutch - Monegasque visual artist who lives and works in London .
Peter Ayesu ( born 1 June 1962 ) is a former Malawian flyweight boxer .
Kanagaratnam Sriskandan ( 12 August 1930 - 21 April 2010 ) was a Sri Lankan born British engineer and civil servant .
Azamat Ishenbayev ( born on 19 June 1978 ) is a former Kyrgyzstani footballer who played for Dordoi - Dynamo Naryn .
Malcolm Sayer ( 21 May 1916 -- 22 April 1970 ) was an aircraft and car designer .
William Chetcuti ( born 7 January 1985 ) is a Maltese sport shooter who specializes in the double trap .
Alexander Turnquist ( born 1988 in Idaho ) is an American guitarist and composer .
Niels - Erik Andreasen ( born 1941 ) is professor of Old Testament studies at the Seventh - day Adventist Theological Seminary and president of Andrews University , Berrien Springs , Michigan .
Anna Rubin ( born 1946 ) is an American composer of electroacoustic and instrumental music .
Nick Meers ( born 1955 ) is a British landscape photographer and is the co - author of many published books that include his photography .
Ruqaiya Hasan ( 1931 -- 24 June 2015 ) was a professor of linguistics who taught and held visiting positions at various universities in England .
Ryoki Inoue ( born José Carlos Ryoki de Alpoim Inoue on 22 July 1946 ) is a Brazilian writer , acknowledged by the Guinness World Records as world 's most prolific writer : since he began his career in 1986 , he had 1075 books published -- under his own name or 39 pseudonyms .
Tsvetan Yonchev ( Bulgarian : Цветан Йончев ; born 15 February 1956 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a winger , and a current manager of Minyor Chicago in United States .
Sir Howard William Kennard GCMG , CVO ( 23 March 1878 -- 12 November 1955 ) was a British diplomat , Chargé d'Affaires , and British Ambassador to Poland at the outbreak of the Second World War on 3 September 1939 and to Polish government - in - exile until 1941 .
Simon Morriss ( born 21 August 1985 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian pitcher for the Brisbane Bandits .
Carl Fredrik Christoffer Schander ( 21 May 1960 -- 21 February 2012 ) was a professor in marine biology at the University of Bergen , Norway .
Li Xiuping ( Chinese : 李修平 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xiūpíng ; born 16 February 1963 ) is a Chinese news anchor for China Central Television , the main state announcer of China .
Gary K. Hart ( born 1943 ) is an American politician and education activist in southern California .
Pete Snodden ( born Peter Scott Snodden , 11 June 1980 ) is a radio host on Cool FM from Bangor , Northern Ireland .
Jacob Berthelsen ( born 4 July 1986 ) is a Danish professional football player , who currently plays for Danish 1st Division side AC Horsens .
Giovanni Battista Audiffredi ( 2 February 1714 -- 4 July 1794 ) was an Italian Dominican scholar and scientist .
Ibrahim Mohammad Bahr al - Ulloum ( born 1954 ) served as the Iraqi Minister of Oil from May 2005 until December 2005 , while he was a member of the Islamic Virtue Party .
Joseph Ignatius Constantine Clarke ( 31 July 1846 -- 27 February 1927 ) was an Irish American newspaperman , poet , playwright , writer and Irish nationalist .
Elaine E. Bucklo ( born 1944 ) is a United States federal judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois .
Timothy Insoll ( born 1967 ) is a British archaeologist and academic .
Gabriela Babnik ( born 1979 ) is a Slovene writer , literary critic and translator .
Narciso García - Loygorri y Rizo ( 5 December 1837 -- 29 October 1905 ) , the second Duke of Vistahermosa , mayor of Madrid for 50 days in 1890 .
Tania Modra , OAM ( born 14 January 1975 ) is an Australian Paralympic tandem cycling pilot .
Enea Bossi , Sr . ( 29 March 1888 -- 1963 ) was an Italian - American aerospace engineer and aviation pioneer .
Elsy del Pilar Cuello Calderón ( born in Bogotá , 13 June 1959 ) is a Supreme Court Judge from the Corte Suprema de Justicia of Colombia .
Lilatai Pradkar ( born February 1925 in Madhya Pradesh , India ) is an Indian social reformer who is fighting for education of tribal women and empowerment .
Susie Power - Reeves ( born 26 March 1975 ) is an Australian middle- and long - distance runner .
Giannis Vogiatzis ( Greek : Γιάννης Βογιατζής ; born 1926 ) is a Greek actor .
Karl Heinrich Barth ( 12 July 1847 -- 23 December 1922 ) was a noted German pianist and pedagogue .
Wesley Morris ( born December 19 , 1975 ) is an American journalist and Critic at Large for the New York Times .
Owen Brannigan OBE ( 10 March 1908 -- 9 May 1973 ) was an English bass , known in opera for buffo roles and in concert for a wide range of solo parts in music ranging from Henry Purcell to Michael Tippett .
Huib Ruijgrok ( born 26 April 1944 ) is a Dutch former football coach .
Reginald Ernest Moreau , ( 29 May 1897 -- 30 May 1970 ) , was an English civil servant who worked as an accountant in Africa and later contributed to ornithology .
Seamus Metress ( born 1933 ) is a professor of anthropology at the University of Toledo , Ohio .
Shapoor Zadran ( Pashto : شاهپور ځدراڼ‎ ; born 7 March 1985 ) is an Afghan cricketer .
Morton Povman ( born 1931 ) was a Democratic New York City Councilman representing the 15th District and later the 24th District of Queens , which includes Forest Hills , Rego Park , Kew Gardens , Briarwood , Kew Gardens Hills and Fresh Meadows .
Tine Mena ( Hindi : तिने मिने ; born 17 September 1986 ) is an Indian mountaineer , who on 9 May 2011 became the first Northeast India & Arunachalee woman to reach the Mount Everest .
Jazmín Beccar Varela ( born 28 April 1986 ) is an Argentine actress , probably best known as in Luján Linares in television series Rebelde Way .
George Michael Moser RA ( 17 January 1706 -- 24 January 1783 ) was a renowned artist and enameller of the 18th century , father of celebrated floral painter Mary Moser , and , with his daughter , among the founder members of the Royal Academy in 1768 .
Francisco Acebras Hochstrasse is a Mexican race car driver born in 1976 .
Klaus Leidorf ( born 5 June 1956 ) is a German aerial archaeologist .
Salkhan Murmu ( born 2 June , 1952 ) is a socio - political activist working for the Tribal Empowerment in 5 states ( Jharkhand , Bihar , West Bengal , Assom , Odisha ) .
Gundelina ( or Gundlinda ) ( c. 692 -- c. 740 ) , abbess , she was the third daughter of Duke Adalbert of Alsace and his first wife Gerlinda .
Andre Mijatović ( born 3 December 1979 ) is a retired Croatian footballer who last played for FC Ingolstadt 04 in the Bundesliga .
António Pedro dos Santos Simões ( born 12 March 1975 ) is a Portuguese banking executive .
John Hornby ( 1880 - -1927 ) was an English explorer , best known for his expeditions in the Arctic region , notably in the `` barren lands '' in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
Richard John Bingham , 7th Earl of Lucan ( born 18 December 1934 ) , commonly known as Lord Lucan , was a British peer suspected of murder who disappeared in 1974 .
Francis Dobbs ( 1750 - -1811 ) was an Irish barrister , politician and writer on political , religious and historical topics .
Herbert Levine ( 1916 - August 8 , 1991 ) was an American fashion executive active from the 1940s through the 1970s .
Gary Yia Lee ( born Lee Yia , 1949 ) is a Hmong anthropologist and author based in Australia .
James Moeller ( born 1933 ) is an American lawyer and jurist who served as a member of the Arizona Supreme Court for eleven years from 1987 to 1998 .
Firooz Zahedi ( born 1949 ) is an American photographer of Iranian descent .
Iosyf Shumliansky ( Ukrainian : Йосиф Шумлянський ) ( 1643 - -1708 ) was a Polish bishop in Lviv ( at the time a Polish city ) , best known for restoring unity with the Holy See in 1700 .
Édouard Dunglas ( 1891 - -1952 ) was a French physician , historian , geographer , and politician who spent a majority of his life in Dahomey ( now Benin ) .
Seth Waring ( 4 November 1838 -- 17 April 1919 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1870 .
Johannes Vasaeus ( 1511 - -21 October 1561 ) was a Flemish humanist , teacher and historian , who spent his working life in Spain and Portugal .
Benjamin Pwee Yek Kwan ( Chinese : 方月光 ; pinyin : Fāng Yuèguāng ; born 1968 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Charles L. Peterson is an American artist born in 1927 who is primarily known for his mastery of watercolor paintings ( The Memories Collection ) and for prestigious maritime artwork ( The Maritime Collection ) .
Andriy Savenets Mykolayovych ( 5 September 1977 , Cornyn , Zhytomyr ) is Ukrainian poet , translator , literary critic , Associate Professor of Humanities and Economic Academy ( Lodz , Poland ) .
Lana Hutton Bowen - Judd ( 7 March 1922 -- 1985 ) was a British mystery writer , better known under her pseudonym Sara Woods , but using also the pen names of Anne Burton , Mary Challis , and Margaret Leek .
Djo Issama Mpeko ( born 3 March 1986 ) is DR Congolese football player .
Margot Wittkower ( 1902 -- July 3 , 1995 ) née Margot Holzmann , was a German - American Interior designer and art historian specializing in neo - Palladian architecture and Italian Renaissance and Baroque period .
David Rhys Williams ( 1890 -- March 28 , 1970 ) was an American Congregational and Unitarian minister who wrote a Marlovian book called Shakespeare Thy Name Is Marlowe .
Atilla Sertel ( born 23 July 1956 ) is a Turkish politician and journalist from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) who has served as a Member of Parliament for İzmir 's second electoral district since the November 2015 general election .
Helen Masters ( born 10 April 1963 ) is an English actress who has appeared on stage , film and TV .
Sir Robert Prescott Stewart ( 16 December 1825 -- 24 March 1894 ) was an Irish composer , organist , conductor , and teacher -- one of the most influential ( classical ) musicians in 19th - century Ireland .
Song Puxuan ( Chinese : 宋普选 ; born March 1954 ) is a general ( shang jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Sohail Tanvir ( Urdu : سہیل تنویر , born 12 December 1984 in Rawalpindi , Punjab ) is a Pakistani cricketer , who has gained repute for his unorthodox left arm bowling action and particularly for the success it has gained him in the Twenty20 format of the game .
Gallus Dressler ( 16 October 1533 -- 1580/9 ) was a German composer and music theorist who served as Kantor in the church school at Magdeburg .
Chief Michael Botmang ( 1938 -- 18 January 2014 ) was a Nigerian politician .
Dave Janusko ( born 8 September 1965 in Ravenna , Ohio ) is a BMI Award - winning songwriter , musician , producer , DJ , and remixer .
John Adrian Bondy , ( Born 1944 ) a dual British and Canadian citizen , was a professor of graph theory at the University of Waterloo , in Canada .
Kay Kay Menon ( born 2 October 1966 ) is an Indian film , stage and television actor who works predominantly in Hindi cinema .
Samara Weaving ( born 23 February 1992 ) is an Australian actress and model known for her role as Kirsten Mulroney in the Australian - produced BBC TV series Out Of The Blue and also for playing Indi Walker on soap opera Home and Away .
Gaël Leforestier ( born on 28 May 1975 ) is a French television host .
Eric Hjorleifson ( born 14 March 1983 ) is a professional freeskier .
Séamus Cunningham ( born 7 July 1942 ) is an Irish born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church in England .
Xyza Cruz Bacani ( born 1987 ) is a Filipina street photographer .
Helen Hajnoczky ( born 1985 ) is a visual poet , who currently resides in Calgary , Canada .
Georgios Skoutarides ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σκουταρίδης ) ( 1885 -- 1962 ) was a Greek athlete .
Ilie Bărbulescu ( born 24 June 1957 in Piteşti ) is a Romanian former football player , who was a member of Steaua Bucureşti 's winning squad for the European Cup in 1986 and for the European Supercup in 1987 .
Raymond E. Joslin ( c. 1936 -- August 2 , 2013 ) was an American businessman and cable executive .
Julius Francis ( born 8 December 1964 ) is a former British Heavyweight champion boxer who participated in many noteworthy boxing matches in the 1990s and 2000s .
Chelsea Halfpenny ( born 26 September 1991 ) is an English actress , best known for her role in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale , as Amy Wyatt and as Alicia Munroe in BBC medical drama Casualty .
Santiago Cabrera ( born 5 May 1978 ) is a Venezuelan - born Chilean - British actor , most known for his roles as the character Isaac Mendez in the television series Heroes and as Lancelot in the BBC drama series Merlin .
Rachel Rabin ( born 1983 ) also known by her stagename Raign ( stylised as RAIGN ) , is a British singer - songwriter and vocal producer .
Yao Nai ( 姚鼐 , pinyin : Yáo Nài , 1731 -- 1815 ) was a well - known scholar of the Qing Dynasty .
Xu Lin ( born September 1954 ) is vice - minister - level official of the People 's Republic of China , serving on the State Council .
Jos Vaessen ( born 21 March 1944 ) was president of the football team KRC Genk from 2001 until 2006 and founder of the company Vasco .
Claude Barzotti ( born 23 July 1953 as Francesco Barzotti ) is a Belgian singer of Italian origin of the 1980s .
Francis A. Marzen ( March 14 , 1925 -- July 19 , 2004 ) was a priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu , former editor of the Hawaii Catholic Herald and an information specialist for the City & County of Honolulu in the administration of Mayor Frank Fasi .
Ana Cláudia Lemos Silva ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ˈanɐ ˈklawdʒɐ ˈlɛmus ) ; born 6 November 1988 ) is a Brazilian track and field athlete who competes in sprinting events .
Mac Wellman ( born 1945 ) is an American playwright , author , and poet .
Charles Daulphin ( born 15 September 1936 , in Bermuda ) is a former Bermudian cricketer .
Frederick Christian Palmer ( East Stonehouse , Plymouth 1866 − Hungerford 1941 ; fl.1892 - -1935 ) , known professionally as Fred C. Palmer , was the main public photographer of Herne Bay , Kent in the early years of the 20th century , working from Tower Studio .
Seyyed Ali Hosseini ( Persian : سیدعلی حسینی‎‎ ; born 2 March 1988 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Persian Gulf Pro League .
Sir Robert James Clayton CBE , ( 30 October 1915 , Fulham , London -- 20 June 1998 , Brent , Middlesex , UK ) electronics engineer , was notable in the area of defense and industrial electronics .
Abdul Aziz Deen - Conteh ( born 14 January 1993 ) is a Sierra Leonean professional footballer who plays as a left back ; he is without a club after leaving Port Vale in January 2016 .
Kevin van Diermen ( born 3 July 1989 in Spakenburg ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for NAC Breda , on loan from Excelsior , in the Eredivisie .
Martin O'Doherty ( born 1952 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full -- back for the Cork senior team .
James Dillet Freeman ( 1912 -- April 9 , 2003 ) was a poet and a minister of the Unity Church , a New Thought denomination .
Johannes Buns ( before 1640 -- after 1667 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Giorgi Eristavi ( Georgian : გიორგი ერისთავი ) ( 1813 -- September 9 , 1864 ) was a Georgian playwright , poet , journalist , and the founder of modern Georgian theatre .
Carmen Jordá Buades ( born 28 May 1988 ) is a Spanish race car driver , who is currently a development driver for the Renault F1 Team .
Julia Watson ( born 13 September 1953 ) is a British actress known for playing Baz in the BBC medical drama Casualty in 1986 , 1995 - -98 and again from 2003 to 2004 .
Lydia Aran ( October 1921 -- March 5 , 2013 in Jerusalem ) , a professor emerita at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , is a scholar of Buddhism .
Lourdes Cirlot Valenzuela ( born 1949 ) is an art theorist , art historian and researcher , whose work highlights diverse aspects of 20th and 21st century art . She has published books about Avant - garde art and numerous papers in journals and anthologies .
Ernst Johann Eitel or alternatively Ernest John Eitel ( 13 February 1838 -- 10 November 1908 ) was a German Protestant missionary to China born in Württemberg , Germany .
Nicholas Graham ( born 1958 ) is a Canadian businessman and entrepreneur , originally from Calgary , Alberta .
Kate Brookes - Peterson ( born 14 May 1984 in Kawakawa , New Zealand ) is an Australian open water swimmer .
Nalden ( born as Ronald Hans , in 1984 ) is a popular Dutch blogger and entrepreneur .
Jeff Shield ( 1953 - -2009 ) was an Australian professional rugby league player for the Balmain Tigers and North Sydney Bears in the Australian NSWRL competition .
Honor Fraser ( born 18 December 1974 ) is a Scottish art dealer in California and a former fashion model .
Ross Pearson ( born 26 September 1984 ) is an English mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the UFC .
Sami Mustonen ( born 6 April 1977 in Kemijärvi ) is a Finnish freestyle skier and Olympic medalist .
Buchtar Tabuni ( born 1979 ) is a Papuan independence activist , leader of the National Committee for West Papua ( Komite Nasional Papua Barat , KNPB ) .
Shalom Arush ( Hebrew : שלום ארוש‎ ; born 15 April 1952 ) is an Israeli Breslov rabbi and founder of the Chut Shel Chessed Institutions .
Kirsty Pealling ( born 14 April 1975 ) is a former footballer who spent her entire club career with Arsenal Ladies .
Neil Andrew Horsfall ( born 29 April 1981 ) , better known by the ring name Neil Faith , is a semi - retired English professional wrestler .
Charles Chatman ( born 1961 ) served 26 years in prison due to a wrongful conviction .
Hafdís Huld Þrastardóttir ( born 22 May 1979 ) , known simply as Hafdís Huld , is an Icelandic singer and actress .
Dude Harlino ( born 2 December 1980 ) , also spelled Dude Herlino , is an Indonesian actor .
Gabriel Prokofiev ( born 1975 , London , UK ) is a London - based composer , producer , and founder of the NONCLASSICAL record label and club night .
Bai Xueshan ( Chinese : 白雪山 ; born May 1961 ) is a former Chinese politician .
Nello Sforacchi ( born 9 April 1922 ) was an Italian racing cyclist .
Jan Økern ( born 8 May 1952 ) is a Norwegian marketer and consultant .
Gabriel de Foigny ( ca . 1630 - 1692 ) is the author of an important utopia , La Terre Australe connue , 1676 .
Kieran MacDonald ( born 21 July 1993 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Airdrieonians as a left back or midfielder .
Kirk Ugle ( born 6 May 1992 ) is an Australian rules footballer for the Swan Districts Football Club in the West Australian Football League .
Louis Darragon ( 6 February 1883 -- 28 April 1918 ) was a French professional cyclist who won the UCI Motor - paced World Championships in 1906 and 1907 and finished in second place in 1909 and 1911 .
Emilio Comte ( born 15 January 1941 ) is an Argentine film actor active between 1950 at today .
Yeung Po - kwan , OBE , CPM JP ( born 1939 , Hong Kong ) is a school principal and politician in Hong Kong .
Allen Mendler is an American author and educator born on October 21 , 1949 in Middle Village , Queens New York .
Richard Lionel Spittel , CMG , CBE , FRCS ( commonly known as Dr. R. L. Spittel ) ( 9 December 1881 -- 3 September 1969 ) was a Ceylonese Burgher physician and author .
Stefan Guzy ( born 1980 ) is a German poster artist living in Berlin .
Macario De Souza ( born 14 June 1983 ) is an Australian filmmaker .
Hugues de Payens or Payns ( c. 1070 -- 24 May 1136 ) was the co - founder and first Grand Master of the Knights Templar .
Carola Roloff ( born 1959 in Holzminden , Germany ) is a German Buddhist nun .
David Larter ( born John David Frederick Larter , 24 April 1940 , Inverness , Scotland ) is a former Scottish cricketer , who played in ten Tests for England from 1962 to 1965 .
Urbano Cairo ( born 21 May 1957 ) is an Italian businessman and chairman of Torino football club .
Omri Amrany ( born 23 May 1954 ) is an Israeli - American best known as a sculptor and painter , though also accomplished as an architectural innovator and wall tapestry artist .
Tom Sukanen , born in 1878 as Tomi Jaanus Alankola , was a Finnish - born sailor , farmer and Canadian .
Nancy R. Howell ( b. ca . 1955 ) is an American educator .
Ezekiel Alebua PC ( born 1947 ) was the third Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from 1 December 1986 - 28 March 1989 .
Arthur H. McCollum ( 4 August 1898 - 5 April 1964 ) was an American Naval Officer as well as a key member of the Intelligence agency in the Southwest Pacific .
Stuart Nicol ( born 30 September 1966 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the late 1980s .
Rodrigo Bernal González(born 1959 ) is a Colombian botanist who specialises in the palm family .
Francis J. Bradley ( born 15 January 1926 ) is an American health physicist , writer and founding member of the Health Physics Society
Diomedes Díaz Maestre ( 26 May 1957 -- 22 December 2013 ) was a Colombian vallenato singer , songwriter , and composer .
Hifumi Shimoyama ( Japanese : 下山一二三 Shimoyama Hifumi ; born 21 June 1930 in Hirosaki , Aomori Prefecture ) is a Japanese composer of contemporary concert music .
Natasha Seatter ( born 7 March 1993 in Miri , Sarawak ) is a Malaysian racing driver
Scott Askham ( born 25 May 1988 ) is an English mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Andrew Overtoom ( born c. 1962 ) is an American animation director , screenwriter and cinematographer best known for his work on the Nickelodeon animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants for which he was nominated for the Emmy Awards in 2004 , 2007 and 2011 .
Niloufar Ardalan ( born 2 June 1985 ) is an Iranian football player currently playing for `` Zob Ahan Banovan '' .
Barbara Strozzi ( also called Barbara Valle ; baptised 6 August 1619 -- 11 November 1677 ) was an Italian Baroque singer and composer .
Lieutenant - Colonel Thomas Vesey , 3rd Viscount de Vesci ( 21 September 1803 -- 23 December 1875 ) , was an Irish peer and Conservative politician .
Lucinda Fredericks ( née Murray ; born 28 September 1965 ) is an equestrian athlete who competes in eventing .
Hein Frode Hansen ( born 25 March 1972 in Haugesund ) is a Norwegian heavy metal drummer .
Aleksander Hall ( born 20 May 1953 in Gdańsk ) is a Polish conservative political thinker , scholar and retired politician .
Svetlana Vukajlović ( born 1960 in Belgrade ) was the Director General of the Republic Institute for Health Insurance in the Republic of Serbia .
Titia de Lange ( born 11 November 1955 , in Rotterdam ) is a professor of Cell Biology and Genetics at Rockefeller University .
Gustav Wegner ( 4 January 1903 -- 7 June 1942 ) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the pole vault and the decathlon .
John Braxton Hicks ( 23 February 1823 -- 28 August 1897 ) was a 19th - century English doctor who specialised in obstetrics .
Richard S. Vosko ( Born November 1943 ) is a liturgical design consultant and priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany who has overseen the redesign and renovation of numerous churches and cathedrals around the country .
Jila Almasi ( Persian : ژیلا الماسی‎ ; born 15 July 1954 ) is an Iranian fencer .
Yaudet Burbara Canahuati , also known as Júnior Burbara ( born 21 July 1971 ) is a Honduran politician from Palestinian origin .
Ranasinghe Hettiarachchige Tudor Edward Ranasinghe Gunasekara ( known as Tudor Gunasekara ) ( Sinhala:ටියුඩර් ගුණසේකර ) ( born 23 January 1935 ) is a former Sri Lankan politician and diplomat .
Liu Kwok Man ( Chinese : 廖國文 ; Jyutping : liu6 gwok3 man4 ; born 1 July 1978 ) is a football referee from Hong Kong who has been a full international referee for FIFA .
Melanie Alvarez ( born Melanie Hernandez Calumpad ; born 5 January 1981 ) , better known by her stage name Kyla , is a Filipino R&B singer - songwriter , occasional actress and presenter .
Ridge Munsy ( born 9 July 1989 ) is a Swiss - Congolese footballer currently playing for FC Thun in Switzerland .
Luke Adamson ( born 17 November 1987 in Lowton ) is an English rugby league and rugby union footballer who currently plays for the Dewsbury Rams in the Kingstone Press Championship .
Kuldip Singh Dhillon , ( b. 1950 ) often known by the anglicized first name `` Kolin '' , is a wealthy Punjabi - born British property developer and polo player and official .
Andrew Jackson Zilker ( 1858 - -1934 ) was a political figure and philanthropist in Austin , Texas , after whom Zilker Park was named .
Kade Snowden ( born 31 December 1986 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of Italian descent currently playing for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League .
Luis del Castillo Estrada , S.J. ( born 21 June 1931 , in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan Roman Catholic cleric .
Nestor Dmytriw ( 1863 -- May 27 , 1925 ) was a Ukrainian Catholic priest , author and translator .
Cyril Wong ( born 27 June 1977 ) is a poet , fictionist and critic .
Arnold Tustin , ( 16 July 1899 -- 9 January 1994 ) , was a British engineer , and Professor of Engineering at the University of Birmingham and at Imperial College London , who made important contributions to the development of control engineering and its application to electrical machines .
John Ansley ( 1774 -- September 23 , 1845 ) served as Lord Mayor of London from 1807 to 1808 .
Chris Haskett ( born 1962 in Washington , D.C. ) is an American guitarist .
Amra - Faye Wright ( born 22 August 1960 ) is a South African stage actress best known for portraying Velma Kelly in the musical Chicago , both on Broadway and in international tours .
Tessa James ( born 17 April 1991 ) is an Australian actress who is best known for the role of Nicole Franklin in the Australian soap opera Home and Away .
Paulo Costa Lima ( born 1954 , Salvador - Bahia ) is a Brazilian composer and writer .
Selwyn St. Bernard ( born 30 July 1977 ) is a Trinidad and Tobago rugby union and rugby league footballer .
Dale Dickson ( born 3 July 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Muhammad Sharif ( cosmologist ) ( Urdu : محمد شريف ) ( 15 June 1962 ) , TI , FPAS , is a Pakistani scientist , specialised in mathematical physics and cosmology .
General David Sejusa ( born 13 November 1954 ) ( ne David Tinyefuza ) decorated with the DAMU Medal and the Luweero Triangle Medal is a Ugandan lawyer , military officer and politician .
Tamar Gozansky ( Hebrew : תמר גוז'נסקי‎‎ , also spelt Tamar Gozhansky ; born 3 October 1940 ) is an Israeli politician .
Leonard Mudie ( 11 April 1883 -- 14 April 1965 ) was an English character actor whose career lasted for nearly fifty years .
Cyril II of Jerusalem ( original name Konstantinos Kritikos ) was born in 1792 in the island of Samos .
Ptolemy Dean ( born 1968 ) is a British architect , television presenter and the 19th Surveyor of the Fabric of Westminster Abbey .
Collins Dauda ( born 13 February 1957 ) is a teacher , politician , former Ghanaian Minister for Lands and Natural Resources and currently Minister of Water Resources , Works and Housing .
Vinod Khanna ( born 6 October 1946 ) is an Indian actor and producer of Bollywood films .
Emilio Vilà ( 1887 - -1967 ) was a Spanish artist and poster illustrator born in a small village in Catalonia called Llagostera .
Anthony Martini ( born 1979 ) is an American music manager at Crush Management .
Rounaq Jahan ( born 1944 ) is a political scientists , feminist leader and author of Bangladesh .
Terry Heilbron ( born c. 1952 ) is an English former football referee in the English Football League , who took charge of the 1999 Football League Cup Final .
Miroslav Lehký ( born 1947 ) is a Czech / Slovak human rights activist and civil servant , and the current Deputy Director ( since 2007 ) and Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes .
Loreta Janeta Velázquez ( June 26 , 1842 -- c.1902 ) , was a Cuban - born woman who claimed that she masqueraded as a male Confederate soldier during the American Civil War .
Pavel Dovgulevets ( Russian : Павел Довгулевец : born 26 December 1977 ) is a retired Belarusian footballer .
Szilveszter E. Vizi ( 31 December 1936 ) is a Hungarian physician , neuroscientist , pharmacologist and university professor who served as President of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences between 2002 and 2008 .
Susanne Pumper ( born 1 September 1970 in Vienna ) is an Austrian long - distance runner who holds the national records in the 3000 , 5000 and 10,000 metres track events as well as in the 10 km road racing distance .
Miklós Palencsár ( born 1977 ) is a Hungarian economist , business strategist , business mentor and international specialist since 2003 .
Giorgio Chiellini ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒordʒo kjelˈliːni ) ; born 14 August 1984 ) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Serie A club Juventus and the Italian national team .
Khetag Gazyumov ( born 24 April 1983 ) is an Azerbaijani freestyle wrestler of Ossetian origin .
Franco Peppino , ( born 16 June 1982 in Córdoba ) is an Argentine football player who plays for Sarmiento of the Primera B Nacional in Argentine .
Michelle Dawson ( born 1961 ) is an autism researcher who was diagnosed with autism in 1993 - 1994 .
Nedeljko Dragić ( September 13 , 1936 -- present ) is a Croatian director , animator , cartoonist and illustrator .
George Flett ( 10 February 1817 -- 28 October 1897 ) was a Presbyterian missionary in what is now Manitoba , Canada .
Nicholas Farrell ( born Nicholas Frost in 1955 ) is an English stage , film and television actor .
John Triggs ( born 1976 ) was a British journalist and feature writer .
Geoff Walsham ( born 10 June 1946 in Manchester ) is an English scholar in the Social Study of Information Systems .
Mohamed Noman Galal ( Arabic : محمد نعمان جلال‎ ; born 1943 ) is a former Egyptian Ambassador and author .
Frans Baert ( Grembergen , 25 November 1925 ) is Dutch - speaking belgian flemish lawyer and politician , former member of the Volksunie party , before joining the Sociaal - Liberale Partij .
Velibor Kopunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велибор Копуновић ; born 25 November 1975 ) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a striker .
Daniel Gardner ( 1750 -- 8 July 1805 ) was a British painter , best known for his work as a portraitist .
Jimmy Ray ( born 3 October 1970 , Walthamstow , London , England ) is an English pop - rock musician .
Jason Watt ( born 24 February 1970 ) is a successful Danish racing driver .
Li'l Rastus ( born c. 1892 , real name Ulysses Harrison ) was a black youth who was adopted as a mascot by the Detroit Tigers baseball team .
Asli Sungu ( born 1975 Istanbul ) is a German performance artist , and painter .
Verna Gaston ( November 1950 -- September 16 , 2005 ) was a Filipino actress who was first spotted by Doc Perez , top man of the then Sampaguita PIctures who convinced her to be a movie star .
Rostislav Krimer ( born 25 April 1980 ) is a classical pianist and conductor .
Liu Yazhou ( Chinese : 刘亚洲 ; born 19 October 1952 ) is a general of China 's People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) , and the political commissar of the PLA National Defence University since September 2009 .
Francis Ward Monck ( born 1842 ) was a British clergyman and spiritualist medium .
Randall Schmit ( born 1955 ) is a contemporary American artist of Luxembourger and Dutch descent , working primarily in painting .
Shane Perkins ( born 30 December 1986 ) is an Australian professional track cyclist .
Jennifer Kydd ( born 1976 ) is a Canadian actress best known for her role as Paige Bradshaw in the Global Television series Falcon Beach .
Washington Roberto Mariano da Silva ( born 19 June 1985 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for northern Iraqi club Duhok SC .
Francis Manners , 6th Earl of Rutland , KG ( 1578 - -1632 ) was an English nobleman .
Girolamo da Treviso ( 1508 -- September 10 , 1544 ) , also known as Girolamo di Tommaso da Treviso the Younger and Girolamo Trevigi , was an Italian Renaissance painter .
Antoine Nduwayo ( born 1942 ) was the Prime Minister of Burundi from February 22 , 1995 until July 31 , 1996 .
Lucía Medina Sánchez ( born 28 August 1969 ) is an accountant and politician from the Dominican Republic .
Damon Reece ( born 16 February 1967 ) is an English drummer , who has been a member of Spiritualized , Echo & the Bunnymen and Lupine Howl .
Pádraig Amond ( born 15 April 1988 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a striker or a winger for National League club Grimsby Town .
John Bahen ( born 4 October 1943 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , playing 67 games between 1962 - -67 .
Natalia Lipkovskaya ( Russian : Наталья Викторовна Липковская , born 26 April 1979 ) is a Russian retired rhythmic gymnast .
Richard Corney Grain ( 26 October 1844 -- 16 March 1895 ) , known by his stage name Corney Grain , was an entertainer and songwriter of the late Victorian era .
Sarah Van Patten ( born 1984 in Boston ) is a principal dancer with the San Francisco Ballet .
Qurban Hussain , Baron Hussain ( born 27 March 1956 ) is a Pakistani - British politician and life peer .
Miroslav Krobot ( born 12 November 1951 ) is a Czech theatre director and film actor .
Malcolm Hedding ( born 1952 ) is a South African anti - apartheid activist , theologian , evangelical minister , and Executive Director of the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem ( ICEJ ) .
Donnaleigh Bailey ( born 17 January 1983 ) is an English actress , known for playing Michelle Corrigan in the BBC soap opera Doctors .
Serhan Poçan ( 1970 ) is a Turkish mountaineer and a summiter of Mount Everest .
Bridget Flannery ( born 1959 ) is an Irish painter working in abstract painting .
Louis Capone ( 1896 -- March 4 , 1944 ) was a New York organized crime figure who became a supervisor for Murder , Inc. Louis Capone was not related to Al Capone , the boss of the Chicago Outfit .
Fatih Yiğituşağı ( born 23 November 1983 ) is a professional Turkish footballer who is currerntly playing for BSV Hürtürkel .
Leonie Sandercock ( born 1949 ) is an urban planner and academic focusing on community planning and multiculturalism .
Ignatius Jones ( born Juan Ignacio Trápaga in 1957 , Singalong , Manila , Philippines ) is an Australian events director , journalist , actor and previously fronted the shock rock band Jimmy and the Boys .
Leonardo Leo ( 5 August 1694 -- 31 October 1744 ) , more correctly Lionardo Oronzo Salvatore de Leo , was a Neapolitan Baroque composer .
Jay Battle , ARBS ( born 1966 ) is a Canadian - born British sculptor , born in Toronto .
Masaaki Imai ( born , 1930 ) is a Japanese organizational theorist and management consultant , known for his work on quality management , specifically on Kaizen .
Delia Parodi ( 1913 -- 1991 ) was an Argentine politician and the first Argentine woman to hold a prominent elected post .
Stuart Ryder ( born 6 November 1973 ) is an English former professional footballer who played for Walsall , Mansfield Town and Nuneaton Borough .
Ron Tandberg ( born 1943 ) is an Australian illustrator and political cartoonist who has been contributing to The Age newspaper in Melbourne , Australia since 1972 .
Jethro Compton ( born 14 July 1988 , Cornwall ) is a British writer , director and theatre producer .
George Speke ( 1623 - -1689 ) was an English politician .
Anninos Marcoullides ( Greek : Άννινος Μαρκουλλίδης ; born 8 February 1971 in Limassol , Lemesos ) is a Cypriot retired sprinter who specialized in 100 and 200 metre races .
Zhang Yanshang ( 張延賞 ) ( 727 -- September 7 , 787 ) , né Zhang Baofu ( 張寶符 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong .
Andreas Sørensen ( born 1 August 1984 ) is a Danish footballer who currently is unemployed .
Indira Sant ( Marathi : इंदिरा संत ; 1914 - -2000 ) was a Marathi poet from Maharashtra , India .
Stefan Klinger ( born 24 April 1978 ) is a German ski mountaineer .
Margus Tsahkna ( born 13 April 1977 ) is an Estonian politician and a member of Riigikogu , the Estonian parliament .
Al DiSarro ( 1951-January 13 , 2011 ) was a visual effects artist who was nominated for an Academy Award in the category of Best Visual Effects during the 61st Academy Awards .
James D. Herbert , born June 1959 , is a professor in the Art History department at the University of California Irvine .
John Harfield Tredgold ( 1798 -- 22 May 1842 ) was an English chemist in the Cape Colony in Africa .
Eoin Foley ( born 1981 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre - back for the Limerick senior team .
Olav Bjørkaas ( 7 October 1914 -- 3 January 2003 ) is a Norwegian former politician for the Labour Party .
Prajogo Pangestu ( traditional Chinese : 彭雲鵬 ; simplified Chinese : 彭云鹏 ; pinyin : Péng Yúnpéng ) Born Phang Djoen Phen in 1944 is an Indonesian business magnate , investor , and philanthropist of Hakka Chinese origin .
Arthur Uther Pendragon ( born John Timothy Rothwell , 5 April 1954 ) is an English eco - campaigner , Neo - Druid leader , media personality , and self - declared reincarnation of King Arthur , a name by which he is also known .
Mirinda Carfrae ( born 26 March 1981 ) is an Australian professional triathlete and an Ironman Triathlon world champion .
Kjell Alrich Schumann ( born 8 April 1966 ) is a Norwegian convicted of killing a police officer during the NOKAS robbery .
Etienne Pays ( born 2 November 1948 ) is a Belgian molecular biologist and professor at the Universite Libre de Bruxelles .
Jeon Joonho ( born 1969 ) is a South Korean artist who received his Bachelor of Fine Arts from Dong - eui University in Busan , South Korea and Master of Arts from Chelsea College of Art and Design in London , United Kingdom .
Rael Artel ( born February 11 , 1980 ) is an Estonian art writer , curator and gallerist .
Roger Campbell ( August 15 , 1942 in Providence , Kentucky -- February 15 , 1961 ) was an American figure skater who competed in ice dancing .
Kwan Tsui Hang ( Chinese : 關翠杏 ; born 22 September 1949 in Macau ) is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau .
Erdinç Saçan ( born 12 May 1979 ) is a Dutch internet entrepreneur , website administrator , columnist and politician for the PvdA.
Suvigya Sharma ( born 28 July 1983 ) is an Indian artist , painter , fashion designer and entrepreneur , best known for his miniature paintings , Tanjore painting , fresco work and lifelike portraits .
Roel Stoffels ( born 10 January 1987 ) is a Dutch former professional footballer .
Candice Rose Martinez ( born c. 1986 ) , also known as the `` Cell Phone Bandit , '' committed four bank robberies in Northern Virginia , U.S. , in October and November 2005 , when she was a 19-year - old Northern Virginia Community College student .
Josephine Broekhuizen ( born 1956 in The Hague ) is a Dutch artist living in Scotland , known for work with distorted perspectives .
Louisa Capper ( 1776 - -1840 ) was an English writer , philosopher and poet of the 19th century .
Darren Waterston ( born 1965 ) is an American artist who is mainly known for his ethereal paintings .
Leonard Robert Morrison Cocks OBE TD ( born 17 June 1938 ) , known as Robin Cocks , is a British geologist , formerly Keeper of Palaeontology , Natural History Museum .
Paulann Petersen ( born 1942 ) an American poet from the state of Oregon .
Anthony Vincent Genovese , AIA , ( born 30 March 1932 ) , was an American architect who practiced in the mid to late - twentieth - century New York and New Jersey as a partner in the architectural firm name Genovese & Maddalene .
Chien - Chi Chang ( 張乾琦 ) ( born 1961 , Taichung , Taiwan ) is a photographer and member of Magnum Photos .
Lokenath Brahmachari ( Bengali : লোকনাথ ব্রহ্মচারী ; 31 August 1730 -- 3 June 1890 ) , who is called Baba Lokenath or simply Lokenath , was an 18th - century saint , yogi and philosopher in Bengal , most notably preached by Nityagopal Saha .
Flint McGlaughlin ( born 1965 ) is an American academic and business leader .
Mohamed Salamah ( 1888 -- 1982 ) was a student at Al - Azhar University who became a Qur'anic reciter at a young age .
Keith Hunter Jesperson ( born 6 April 1955 ) is a Canadian American serial killer who murdered at least eight women in the United States during the early 1990s .
Bill Le Page ( Born 14 August 1924 ) is an Australian businessman , a psychologist and a long time follower of Meher Baba .
Robin Schone ( born about 1954 ) is a best - selling American author of erotic romance novels .
Stacey D'Erasmo ( born 1961 ) is an American novelist and literary critic .
Martin McQuillan ( born 1972 ) is a Scottish - born literary theorist and cultural critic .
Milan Bojović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Бојовић ; born 13 April 1987 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Greek club AEL .
Kitty Yuen ( Chinese : 阮小儀 ; born 23 November 1970 ) is a Hong Kong radio DJ , television host and actress .
Rayed Abdullah Salem Al Harbi ( 1988 -- October 18 , 2009 ) was a citizen of Saudi Arabia who was named on Saudi Arabia 's list of most wanted terrorist suspects .
Mike Frank Russell ( born 1977 ) is an Irish sportsperson .
Pettowa Paraka ( born 16 November 1993 ) is a Papua New Guinean - born Australian professional rugby union player for the Queensland Reds in the Super Rugby competition .
Sir Richard John Harrison FRS ( 8 October 1920 -- 17 October 1999 ) was a Professor of Anatomy at the University of Cambridge .
Stuart Mackie ( born 12 February 1985 in Frimley , Surrey , England ) is a rugby union hooker for Rugby Nice in the French Fédérale 1 division .
Lukas Van Eenoo ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈly.kɑs vɐn ˈeː.noː ) ) ( born 6 February 1991 ) is a Belgian professional football player .
Yury Chyzh ( Belarusian : Юрый Чыж , Russian : Юрий Чиж , Yury Chizh , born 1963 ) is a Belarusian businessman , believed to be one of the country 's richest people .
Friedrich Erhard Niedt ( 31 May 1674 -- 1717 ) was a German jurist , music theorist , and composer .
Cristina Sánchez Ruiz ( born 31 May 1978 ) , better known as Cristie , is a Spanish flamenco singer who became famous with her involvement in the reality TV series Operación Triunfo in the winter of 2002 and 2003 .
Angelika Muharukua ( born 12 January 1958 Opuwo , Kunene Region ) is a Namibian politician .
Bruno Corazzari ( born 30 December 1940 ) is an Italian film , television and stage actor .
Barboncito was born into the Ma'íí deeshgíízhiníí ( Coyote Pass People ) clan at Cañon de Chelly in 1820 and was a brother to Delgadito .
Sebastian Elmaloglou ( born 29 September 1989 ) is an Australian stage , film and television actor best known for portraying the role of Max Sutherland on the long - running Australian soap opera Home and Away from 2002 to 2004 .
Eve Goldberg ( born 1967 ) is a Canadian Jewish folk musician , singer and songwriter from Toronto , Ontario .
Victor Skrebneski ( born 1929 in Chicago , U.S. ) is a photographer born to parents of Polish and Russian heritage .
Dorothy Renée Ascherson ( 19 May 1915 -- 30 October 2014 ) , known professionally as Renée Asherson , was an English actress .
George Forquer ( 1794 - -1837 ) was a politician who served variously as an Illinois State Senator , Illinois ' 5th Secretary of State ( 1825 - -1828 ) and Illinois 5th Attorney General ( 1829 - -1832 ) .
Lionel Belasco ( 1881 -- c. 24 June 1967 ) was a prominent pianist , composer and bandleader , best known for his calypso recordings .
Joe McQueen ( aka Joe Lee McQueen ; né Joe Leandrew McQueen ; born 30 May 1919 Ponder , Texas ) is an American jazz saxophonist .
Svetozar Šapurić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Светозар-Бајо Шапурић , born 28 April 1960 ) is a Serbian football manager and former player .
Keith Khan ( born in Wimbledon , 1963 ) , studied Fine Art/ Sculpture at Middlesex University and is an Arts Industry Bureaucrat ( see discussion ) .
Ragna Sigurðardóttir ( born in Reykjavík on 10 August 1962 ) is an Icelandic writer , translator and artist .
Ralph William Gosper , Jr. ( born 1943 ) , known as Bill Gosper , is an American mathematician and programmer from Pennsauken Township , New Jersey .
Christos Kagiouzis ( Greek : Χρήστος Καγκιούζης ; born 23 February 1981 ) is a Greek footballer .
Ian Nicoll ( born 2 October 1946 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the late 1960s .
Marcel Willemsen ( born 28 May 1977 in Lochem , Gelderland ) is a Dutch sidecarcross passenger and 1999 World Champion .
Alex Szostak ( born 4 March 1986 in Keighley ) , is an English born Scottish rugby league footballer , playing at representative level for Scotland , and at club level for Workington Town , as a Second - row .
Derek Landy ( born 23 October 1974 ) is an Irish author and screenwriter , best known for the Skulduggery Pleasant series of young adult 's books .
Sven Renders ( born 12 August 1981 in Wilrijk ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who rides for Willems Verandas .
Ragnar Skanåker ( born 8 June 1934 ) is a Swedish pistol shooter who was a world - class shooter for an extremely long period .
Elizabeth Percy , Duchess of Northumberland ( née Seymour ; 26 November 1716 -- 5 December 1776 ) , also suo jure 2nd Baroness Percy , was a British peer .
Henadiy Boholyubov ( born 20 January 1962 ) is a Ukrainian billionaire businessman , one of three who control Privat Group , the others being Ihor Kolomoyskyi and Oleksiy Martynov .
Lieutenant General Rail Rzayev Gurban oglu ( Azerbaijani : Rail Rzayev Qurban oğlu ; March 10 , 1945 -- February 11 , 2009 ) was the Commander of the Azerbaijani Air Force from shortly after Azerbaijan 's independence in the early 1990s , to his death in 2009 .
Tomás Mulcahy ( born 26 June 1963 ) is an Irish retired hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner - forward for the Cork senior hurling team .
Sarkis Jebejian ( Armenian : Սարգիս Ճէպէճեան , Jebeji , 1864 - -1920 ) was an Armenian military leader , the head of the self - defense of Hadjin ( 1920 ) .
Xiao Yehua ( Chinese : 肖業華 ; born 6 November 1971 in Dahua ) is a Chinese former track and field sprinter .
Vera Klement ( born 1929 Danzig ) is an American artist , and Professor Emerita at the University of Chicago .
Nancy Marie Brown ( born 1960 ) is an American author , having written five non - fiction books .
Thomas Attenborough ( 18 July 1833 -- 21 January 1907 ) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1871 and 1874 .
Carlos Manuel Chavez ( born 25 December 1931 ) is a cardiovascular and thoracic surgeon best known for his participation in the first - ever human heart transplant .
Lazar Đorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лазар Ђорђевић , born 14 July 1992 ) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová .
Enrico Braggiotti ( born 27 January 1923 ) is a Monegasque banker born in a Levantine family in Turkey .
Anandavally C. R. ( born 14 January 1952 ) is a Malayalam film actress and dubbing artist .
Humphrey , 2nd Earl of Buckingham ( 1381 - -1399 ) was an English peer and member of the House of Lords .
Per Bang ( 29 November 1922 -- 24 April 2010 ) was a Norwegian journalist .
Owen Teale ( born 20 May 1961 ) is a Welsh actor best known for his role as Ser Alliser Thorne in the HBO fantasy TV series Game of Thrones .
Yi Bangja , Crown Princess Uimin of Korea ( also Euimin , Japanese : 李方子 Ri Masako ) ( 4 November 1901 -- 30 April 1989 ) was the consort of Crown Prince Euimin of Korea .
Miguel Esteban Peñaloza Barrientos ( born 1959 ) is a Colombian electrical engineer , who briefly served in 2012 as the 11th Ministry of Transport of Colombia .
Borin Van Loon ( born 1952 in East Anglia ) is a British illustrator and comic book artist , best known for his illustrations for the Introducing ... series of graphic books on complex subjects .
Peter Stjärnvind , born 11 August 1973 , is a Swedish drummer .
Daniel Kalinaki ( born 1980 ) is a Ugandan journalist working with the Nation Media Group as Managing Editor , Regional Content .
Gianluca Brambilla ( born 22 August 1987 ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI World Tour team Etixx--
Patrick Bernard O'Mahoney ( born 15 March 1960 in Dunstable , Bedfordshire , England ) is an English crime author of Irish descent .
Prince Varughese Thomas ( Prince Varughese Kapplingattil Thomas , born 1969 ) is a multi - media artist who is part of what has come to be known as the Indian Diaspora .
Man Arenas ( born Jacinto Manuel Arenas on 25 April 1966 ) is a motion picture production designer , art director and a comic book creator .
Andrew Lovett ( born 11 November 1982 ) is an Aboriginal Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) for Essendon between 2005 and 2009 .
Angela Hartnett , MBE ( born September 1968 ) is an English chef .
Julie Tullis ( 15 March 1939 -- 6/7 August 1986 ) was a British climber and filmmaker who died while descending from K2 's summit during a storm , along with four other climbers from several expeditions , during the `` Black Summer '' of 1986 .
Peter Fibiger Bang ( born 25 June 1973 ) is a Danish comparative historian .
Udai Lal Anjana ( born 5 May 1951 ) is an Indian politician active in Rajasthan state .
Francesco Antonio Xaverio Grue ( 1686 - -1746 ) was an Italian potter and painter .
Hampton Catlin ( born 1982 ) is an American computer programmer , programming language inventor , gay rights advocate , and author best known as the creator of the Sass and Haml markup languages .
Bahadur Tejani ( born 1942 ) is a Kenyan poet , novelist , playwright and literary critic .
Richard Atkyns ( 1615 - -1677 ) , was an English writer on printing .
Yousuf Hussain Mohamed ( Arabic : يوسف حسين محمد‎ ) ( born 8 July 1965 ) , is a UAE football ( soccer ) player who played as a center back for the UAE national football team and Sharjah Club in Sharjah .
Juan Pablo Wainwright Nuila ( 1894 - -1932 ) was a Honduran revolutionary leader .
Neil Fachie MBE ( born 12 March 1984 ) is a Scottish paralympic multiple sports athlete competing in events for individuals with a visual impairment .
Natalie Horler ( born 23 September 1981 ) is a German - born English singer and television presenter .
Julia Leigh ( born 1970 ) is an Australian novelist , film director and screenwriter .
Richie Venton ( born 1953 ) is a regional and trade union organiser in the Scottish Socialist Party .
On Wong ( Chinese : 黃安 ; pinyin : Huáng Ān ; 1840 -- December 16 , 1936 ) , more commonly known as Ah Louis , was a Chinese American banker , labor contractor , farmer , and shopkeeper in San Luis Obispo , California , during the late 19th and early 20th century .
Tapio Yli - Karro ( born 11 October 1953 , Rauma ) is a Finnish former football referee .
Danielle Hacquard ( born 1961 ) is a French ski mountaineer who competed successfully in the three best known races of the Alps ( French : les grandes trois de ski de montagne ) , the Pierra Menta , the Patrouille des Glaciers and the Trofeo Mezzalama .
Yossi Dahan ( born 1954 ) is a law professor and the Head of the Human Rights Division at the College of Law and Business .
Jeff Seely ( born 1954 in Newark , New Jersey ) is an American chief executive and the CEO of Recruiting.com , Inc. , located in Seattle , Washington .
Zhang Xiaoyi ( Chinese : 张晓一 , born 25 May 1989 ) is a Chinese long jumper .
Ken Kwek ( born 7 May 1979 ) is a Singaporean screenwriter , director and playwright .
Bernhart Henn ( 1817 - -1865 ) was a pioneer lawyer and businessman , and a two - term Democratic U.S. Representative from Iowa 's 1st congressional district during Iowa 's first decade of statehood .
Young Soon Hue ( born 1963 ) is a contemporary ballet choreographer .
Karel De Smet ( born 21 August 1980 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as centre back for KFC Merelbeke .
During World War II , Egbert White ( 1894 - -1976 ) had a major role in establishing newspapers for US soldiers that were written and edited by enlisted men , not by the Army top command .
Ramón Torres Martínez ( November 22 , 1924 - September 4 , 2008 ) is a Mexican architect .
Andrew Wan Siu - kin ( born 7 June 1969 ) is the Vice - Chairman of the Democratic Party and a former member of the Kwai Tsing District Council for Shek Yam constituency .
Father Shay Cullen ( born 27 March 1943 ) is an Irish missionary priest and the founder of the PREDA Foundation .
Abdallah Isaaq Deerow ( sometimes Abdullah Deerow Isaq ) ( Somali : Cabdalle Deeroow Isaaq , Arabic : عبد الله اسحاق ديرو‎ ) ( b. 1950 - 2006 ) was a Somali politician .
Hermann Gauch ( 6 May 1899 -- 7 November 1978 ) was a Nazi race theorist noted for his dedication to Nordic theory to an extent that embarrassed the Nazi leadership when he claimed that Italians were `` half ape '' .
Herbert Bouffler ( 16 February 1881 , date of death unknown ) was a British cyclist .
Guy Harvey ( born 16 September 1955 ) is a Jamaican marine wildlife artist and conservationist .
David Edward Jackson ( 1788 - -December 24 , 1837 ) was an American pioneer , trapper , fur trader , and explorer .
Vladimir Leonidovich Popov ( Russian : Владимир Леонидович Попов , born 3 September 1946 ) is a Russian mathematician working in the invariant theory and the theory of transformation groups .
Stephanie Schneider ( born 25 September 1990 ) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2008 .
Geovani Faria da Silva ( born 6 April 1964 in Vitória ) referred to simply as Geovani Silva or Geovani was a Brazilian football player .
Al Hayman , also known as Raphael Hayman , ( 1847 -- February 10 , 1917 ) was the business partner of the better - known Charles Frohman who together with others established the Theatrical Syndicate .
Jane Smit ( born 24 December 1972 , Ilkeston , Derbyshire , England ) is an English cricketer and former member of the England team .
Sacha Schneider ( born 23 June 1972 ) is one of Luxemburger 's most experienced football players .
Koretoshi Maruyama ( born 5 October 1936 ) is an aikido instructor and founder of Aikido Yuishinkai ( 合氣道唯心会 ) , he was an uchi deshi of aikido founder Morihei Ueshiba and also a student of Koichi Tohei .
Bogdan Achimescu ( born 1965 in Timişoara ) is a Polish and Romanian visual artist .
Edward Wilkins Waite RBA ( 14 April 1854 -- 1924 ) was a prolific English landscape painter .
Mark Parisi ( born 1961 ) is the creator of Off the Mark , a comic panel which began in 1987 and now appears in 100 newspapers , as well as on greeting cards , T - shirts , and more .
Viktor Krasko ( Russian : Виктор Красько ; born 1953 ) is a retired Soviet backstroke swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships .
Nandan Nilekani ( born 2 June 1955 ) is an Indian entrepreneur , bureaucrat and politician .
José Evangelista ( born 5 August 1943 ) is a Spanish composer and music educator who is based in Montreal , Canada .
Lương Bích Hữu ( born 1 September 1984 ) is a Vietnamese actress and singer of Chinese ancestry .
Ken Davenport ( born Kenneth A. Hasija , August 23 , 1972 ) is a Tony Award - winning Broadway and Off - Broadway theatre producer , blogger , and writer .
Thomas Mainwaring Penson ( 1818 - -64 ) was an English surveyor and architect .
William Mansfield , 1st Viscount Sandhurst GCB GCSI GCIE GCVO PC ( 21 August 1855 -- 2 November 1921 ) was a British Liberal politician and colonial governor .
Ceferí Olivé i Cabré ( born in Reus in 1907 , died in the same town in 1995 ) was a Catalan painter .
Juan Ignacio Arrieta Ochoa de Chinchetru ( born 10 April 1951 ) has been secretary of the Pontifical Council for Legislative Texts since 15 February 2007 .
Gennaro Sardo ( born 8 May 1979 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Chievo in the Italian Serie A.
Theodor Hartig ( 21 February 1805 -- 26 March 1880 ) was a German forestry biologist and botanist .
Steve Sutcliffe ( born in 1968 ) is a former British auto racing driver who now works as a motoring journalist .
Andreas Paolo Perger ( born 1970 in Munich , Germany ) is a contemporary austrian guitarist , improviser , and composer of german - polish and austrian - italian descent .
Mary Livingston Ripley ( 1914 -- April 15 , 1996 ) was an U.S. horticulturist , entomologist , photographer , and scientific collector .
Sigtryggur Baldursson ( Born 2 October 1962 ) is an Icelandic drummer and singer .
James Lynah ( 1881 -- February 24 , 1956 ) was an American businessman and sports administrator who is considered the principal founder of the Eastern College Athletic Conference .
Gina Dirawi ( Arabic : جينا ديراوي‎ ; born 11 December 1990 ) is a Swedish television host , radio - personality , blogger and comedian .
Lars Gunnar Lie ( born 18 September 1938 ) is a Norwegian politician from the Christian People 's Party and was the Minister of Transport and Communications 1989 - 1990 .
Jose Villa Panganiban ( 12 June 1903 -- 13 October 1972 ) was a lexicographer , professor , linguist , poet , playwright , author , and lyricist .
Kenny van Gaalen ( born 29 January 1988 ) is a Dutch sidecarcross rider and the 2012 Sidecarcross World Champion , riding as passenger with Daniël Willemsen .
Alfred Herbert Ernest Osborne , formerly known as Basil Osborne ( born 12 April 1938 ) , is a former Orthodox Christian bishop .
Andrea Mitchell D'Arrigo ( born 28 April 1995 ) is an Italian freestyle swimmer who specializes in the 400 m. In this event he won two silver and one bronze medals at European Championships .
Bente Erichsen ( born 7 January 1949 ) is a Norwegian culture director and the current ( and inaugural ) Director of the Nobel Peace Center .
Yehya Bundhun ( born 25 January 1965 ) is a sportsperson from Mauritius .
Juan Padrón ( born 1947 in Matanzas ) is a Cuban animation director .
Matt Stokes , born 1973 in Penzance , is an artist and film - maker .
Jonathan David Katz ( born 1958 ) is an American activist , art historian , educator and writer , he is currently the director of the doctoral program in Visual culture studies at State University of New York at Buffalo .
Syarhey Shchehrykovich ( Belarusian : Сяргей Шчэгрыковіч ; Russian : Серге́й Щегрикович , Sergey Shchegrikovich ; born 19 December 1990 ) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Slavia - Mozyr .
Marion Deuchars ( born 1964 in Falkirk , Stirlingshire ) is a British Illustrator and Author .
Kaul Singh Thakur ( born 23 November 1945 ) is the Health and Family Welfare minister in Himachal Pradesh Cabinet , serving Himachal Pradesh Assembly eighth time .
Andru Donalds ( born 16 November 1974 ) is a Jamaican musician and vocalist with a previous solo career , who is now working in collaboration with the Enigma project as lead vocalist .
Larry Dossey ( born 1940 , Groesbeck , Texas ) is a physician and author who has become known for asserting the importance for healing of prayer , spirituality , and other non - physical factors .
Richmond Nketiah ( born 28 October 1994 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who playes for Arsenal Tula as a right back .
Atsede Habtamu Besuye ( born 26 October 1987 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specialises in road running and the marathon distance .
Louise Ellery ( born 4 January 1977 ) is an Australian Paralympic athlete , Commonwealth Games gold medalist and world record holder in F32 Shot put for elite athletes with a disability
Donald C. Johnson ( born 1949 ) is an American career diplomat who served as U.S. Ambassador to three countries ;
Andrew R. Liddle ( born 9 June 1965 ) is Professor of astrophysics at the Royal Observatory Edinburgh , as of 2013 .
Geoff Love ( 4 September 1917 -- 8 July 1991 ) was a prolific British arranger and composer of easy listening and pop versions of film themes .
Cosimo Cavallaro ( born 1961 , Montreal , Canada ) is an Italian - Canadian artist , filmmaker and sculptor .
Alex White Plume ( born 1952 ) is the former Vice - President and Tribal President of the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation , located in South Dakota of the United States .
James Edmond ( 21 April 1859 -- 21 March 1933 ) was a Scottish - Australian journalist , notable as an editor of The Bulletin .
Rafael Simón Urbina López ( 1897 -- 13 November 1950 ) was a Venezuelan rebel who fought against the dictatorial regime of Juan Vicente Gómez .
Adolph Fischer ( 1858 -- November 11 , 1887 ) was an anarchist and labor union activist tried and executed after the Haymarket Riot .
Nikica Klinčarski ( Macedonian : Hикицa Kлинчapcки , born 5 January 1957 ) is a former Macedonian football player , SFR Yugoslavia international .
Peter Bodo ( born 19 June 1949 ) is an Austrian born American sportswriter and author , currently Senior Editor / Blogger at Tennis Magazine .
Sam McDonald ( 1762 -- 6 May 1802 ) , called `` Big Sam '' , was a Scotsman of unusual height for his day who had a distinguished military career and was a noted `` strongman '' .
Susheela Raman ( born 21 July 1973 ) is an acclaimed British Indian musician .
Ferry Carondelet ( also Ferricus Carondelet ) ( 1473 -- June 27 , 1528 ) was a Habsburg diplomat , advisor to Margaret of Austria and abbot at Montbenoît .
Tudor Postelnicu ( born 13 November 1931 ) is a former Romanian Communist politician , who served as Interior Minister from October 1987 until the 1989 Revolution .
Sian McLaren ( born 25 September 1991 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) who plays for Sydney FC in the Australian W - League .
Gennadi Skripnik ( Russian : Геннадий Скрипник ; born 30 August 1962 ) is a former Uzbekistani football player .
Kenan Şahin ( born 27 October 1984 ) is a Turkish - German footballer who last played for Elazığspor in the TFF First League .
David Selbourne ( born 4 June 1937 ) is a British political philosopher , social commentator and historian of ideas .
Mária Royová ( 26 November 1858 -- 25 February 1924 ) was a Slovak Protestant activist , charity worker and songwriter .
Ivan Foster ( born 1943 ) is a retired senior minister in the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster and a former Democratic Unionist Party politician .
Rahul Pandharipande ( born 1969 ) is an Indian - American mathematician at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich ( ETH ) working in algebraic geometry .
Neil Hood ( born 30 June 1950 ) , is a former Scottish football striker .
Lukáš Plank ( born 1951 ) is a Slovak medical researcher , pathologist and author .
Lindsay Williams ( born 22 April 1946 ) is a British retired slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s .
Sun Jiazheng ( simplified Chinese : 孙家正 ; traditional Chinese : 孫家正 ; pinyin : Sūn Jiāzhèng ; born March 1944 ) is a politician of People 's Republic of China , he is the chairman of the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles .
Louise Setara ( born Louise Smith , 21 August 1988 , Reading , Berkshire , England ) is an English singer - songwriter .
Silvio Fanti ( 22 September 1919 -- 26 June 1997 ) was a Swiss psychiatrist who founded micropsychoanalysis .
Heather Ward ( later Heather Ward Nielsen ; born 1938 ) is a former English badminton player who won international championships and competed at an elite level during a two decade span from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s .
Thomas Frank Heaphy ( born London , 2 April 1813 ; died London , 7 Aug 1873 ) was an English miniature painter .
Robert Yarchoan ( born 1950 ) is a medical researcher who played an important role in the development of the first effective drugs for AIDS .
Frederick Ballard Williams ( 1871- 1956 ) was an American landscape and figure painter .
Elton Williams ( born 4 July 1973 ) is a Guyanese - born Montserratian international football player who plays in defence for Ideal SC in the Montserrat Championship .
Michael Corenblith ( born 1951 ) is an art director and production designer .
Víctor Afrânio Asconavieta da Silva ( born 1960 ) is an area seventy of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
David Doak ( born 11 November 1967 ) is a Northern Irish video game designer .
Olga Victorovna Fedorishcheva ( born 17 March 1984 ) or known simply as Olga Fedori , is a Ukrainian - born actress , who works in English language films and programmes .
Ondřej Mihálik ( born 2 April 1997 ) is a professional Czech football striker currently playing for FK Baumit Jablonec .
Captain Carl Peter Blom , Swedish sailor and founder of Smådalarö Gård , was born 1762 in Mjöfjärd southeast of Dalarö .
Xander Straat ( 1965 ) is a Dutch stage , television , and film actor .
Stewart Hamill ( born 22 January 1960 ) is a former Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City , Scunthorpe United , Northampton Town and Scarborough .
Carl Valeri ( born 14 August 1984 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who is the captain of Melbourne Victory .
Alexis Lykiard ( born 1940 ) is a British writer of Greek heritage , who began his prolific career as novelist and poet in the 1960s .
Thomas Gaal , a painter of portraits , birds , and flowers , was born at Dendermonde in 1739 .
Philippe Heberlé ( born 21 March 1963 ) is a French sports shooter and Olympic Champion .
Luigi Giura ( 1795 - 1865 ) was an Italian engineer and architect .
Zsuzsa Szikra(Born 6 February 1951 in Marcali ) is a Hungarian painter whose works are marked by their poetic abstract character .
Zlatan Ljubijankić ( Slovene pronunciation : ( ˈzlatan ljubiˈjankitʃ ) ; born 15 December 1983 ) is a Slovenian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Japan 's J. League Division 1 side Urawa Red Diamonds and the Slovenian national team .
Peter Davenport ( born 24 March 1961 ) is an English former professional footballer and manager who has managed teams in both the Welsh and English leagues .
Dolores Keane ( born 26 September 1953 ) is an Irish folk singer and occasional actress .
Eleanor Alberga ( born 1949 ) is a Jamaican contemporary music composer .
Julia Griggs Havey ( born 1962 ) is an American author of four diet books , written after her experience with obesity .
Arthur Sidney Olliff ( 21 October 1865 -- 29 December 1895 ) , was an Australian taxonomist who was active as Government entomologist in New South Wales .
Zipora Rubin - Rosenbaum ( born 1946 ) is an Israeli athlete who has won 21 Paralympic medals .
Ohad Edelstein ( Hebrew : אוהד אדלשטיין‎ ; born 25 May 1992 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Maccabi Kiryat Gat .
Rory Blackwell ( born 22 June 1933 in Battersea , London ) is a British former rock and roll musician , bandleader of The Blackjacks , singer , drummer and songwriter .
Leigh Mills ( born 8 February 1988 ) is an English professional footballer who currently plays at left back for Winchester City .
Bill Mildenhall ( born 10 April 1953 ) is a former basketball referee in the National Basketball League who also played Australian rules football with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hussein Ali Wahid ( Arabic : حسين علي واحد‎ ) ( born 8 October 1992 ) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a forward for Al - Mina'a .
Charles Spain Verral ( November 7 , 1904 -- April 1 , 1990 ) was an author and illustrator born in Ontario , Canada .
Jørgen Thygesen Brahe ( Jørgen Brahe til Tostrup i Skåne ) ( 1515 -- June 21 , 1565 ) was a member of the Danish nobility .
Dr. Agnar Höskuldsson ( born 1939 ) is a Danish scientist who specializes in the field of chemometrics .
Manjusha Kulkarni - Patil ( born 1971 ) is an Hindustani classical music vocalist .
Per Wendel , ( 28 January 1947 - 10 october 2005 ) was a Swedish journalist .
Khamis Abdullah Saifeldin ( Arabic : خميس عبدالله سيف الدين‎ ) ( born 1 February 1976 ) is a Qatari runner who specialized in the 3000 metre steeplechase .
Jean - Paul Fung ( born 6 November 1988 ) is an Australian producer , engineer , mixer , musician and songwriter who has worked on multiple award - winning records .
Gosho Motoharu ( 五所 元治 ; 1919 -- October 27 , 2012 ) was a prominent master of the martial arts , koryu budō or kobudō .
Ignaz Assmayer ( 11 February 1790 -- 31 August 1862 ) was an Austrian composer of liturgical music .
McDermott & McGough consists of visual artists David McDermott and Peter McGough ( born 1952 and 1958 in Hollywood , CA and Syracuse , NY respectively ) .
Andrus Murumets ( born 20 July 1978 ) is an Estonian strongman and entrant to the World 's Strongest Man contest .
Jared Benson ( 1821 in Worcester , Massachusetts -- 1894 ) was a Minnesota politician and a former Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Edin Salkić ( born 16 June 1989 ) is an Austrian football striker of Bosnian origin playing for Austrian club SKN St. Pölten .
Mitja Ferenc ( 21 March 1960 ) is a Slovenian historian , educator and author .
Judy Moran ( born 18 December 1944 ) is the matriarch of the infamous Moran criminal family of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Sir Andrew Ramsay , Lord Abbotshall , 1st Baronet ( May 1619 -- 17 January 1688 ) , Privy Counsellor , was the first Lord Provost of Edinburgh and a judge of the Court of Session .
Adam Nicolson , 5th Baron Carnock , FRSL , FSA ( born 12 September 1957 ) is an English author who has written about history , landscape , great literature and the sea .
William Gwinn ( Guinn , Guin ) ( 1755- ) was an African American from Boston , Massachusetts .
Holly Hull ( born Holly - Anne Hull , 17 October 1994 , Camberley , Surrey , England ) is an English teen singer who won the Disney Channel UK talent search My Camp Rock in April 2009 , after being voted for by viewers .
Mathias Kouo - Doumbé ( born 28 October 1979 ) , often known simply as Mat or Mathias Doumbé , is a French footballer .
Alexandre Petrovic ( 1925 - November 22 , 2003 ) was a scientist who is known for formulating the Cybernetic Theory of Craniofacial Growth in 1977 .
Dr. Teo Ho Pin ( simplified Chinese : 张俰宾 ; traditional Chinese : 張俰賓 ; pinyin : Zhāng Hèbīn ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tiuⁿ Ho - pin ; born 19 January 1960 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Prior Smith ( born 1944 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian broadcaster who owns and operates the network radio program Canada Calling and produces the Canadian syndicated radio show `` Grapeline '' .
Valerie M. Hudson ( born 1958 ) is an American professor of political science at The Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University as of January 2012 .
Camille Norton ( born 1955 ) is an American poet and academic .
Frances Freeling Broderip ( née Hood ) ( 1830 -- 3 November 1878 ) was an English children 's writer .
Juan Miguel Carmona ( Granada , 1960 ) is a guitar maker specialized in Classical and Flamenco guitars .
Mahmoud Mohammad Issa Mohammad ( محمود محمد عيسى محمد ) ( born in 1943 ) is a Palestinian and former member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine .
Roger de Damas ( 4 September 1765 -- 18 September 1823 ) was a French Army officer and Royalist general who fought against the French Revolutionary forces for the Russian Empire and the Kingdom of Naples .
John Grubb Richardson ( 13 November 1813 -- 1891 ) was an Irish linen merchant , industrialist and philanthropist who founded the model village of Bessbrook near Newry in 1845 , in what is now Northern Ireland .
Shane Lynch ( born Shane Eamon Mark Stephen Lynch ; 3 July 1976 ) is an Irish singer - songwriter , actor and professional drift driver , best known as a member of Boyzone .
Ian McGuinness ( born 15 October 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Gustav Schwarzenegger ( 17 August 1907 -- 13 December 1972 ) was an Austrian police chief ( Gendarmeriekommandant ) , postal inspector and a senior non - commissioned military police officer .
Vatsal Sheth ( born 5 August 1980 ) is an Indian film and television actor , model and entrepreneur .
Garry Kenneth ( born 21 June 1987 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Forfar Albion in Scottish Junior Football East Region North Division as a centre back .
Jill Hunter - Boltz ( born 14 October 1966 ) is an English former distance runner who represented Great Britain at the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul and the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona .
Anthony Perosh ( born 5 October 1972 ) is a retired Australian professional mixed martial artist formerly competing in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Jakob Hellman , born 20 October 1965 in Vuollerim , Norrbotten County , is a Swedish pop singer .
Martin Carr ( born 29 November 1968 , Thurso , Scotland , but raised in Wallasey on the Wirral ) is a British musician and writer who was the chief songwriter and lead guitarist with the British band The Boo Radleys .
Stewart Forsyth ( born 26 October 1961 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played for Arbroath , Dundee and Montrose .
Shepard Kollock , Jr. ( September 1750 -- July 28 , 1839 ) was an editor and printer , who was active in colonial New Jersey during the period of the American Revolutionary War .
Ivars Peterson ( born 4 December 1948 ) is an award - winning mathematics writer .
John Fantham ( 6 February 1939 -- 25 June 2014 ) was an English footballer .
Alejandro Peña Esclusa ( born 3 July 1954 ) is a Venezuelan politician , leader of the Venezuelan NGO Fuerza Solidaria ( since May 2001 ) and president of the pan - Latin - American NGO UnoAmérica ( since December 2008 ) .
Do Dong - hyun ( born 19 November 1993 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for I - League club East Bengal .
George Brudenell , 3rd Earl of Cardigan ( 29 September 1685 -- 5 July 1732 ) , styled Lord Brudenell between 1698 and 1703 , was a British peer .
Helen Sear ( born 1955 ) is a photographic artist based in Wales , UK .
Sir Ernest Albert Vasey ( 1901 - -1984 ) was a British colonial politician and former actor .
John Tse Wing - ling ( born 1954 ) is the associate professor of the City University of Hong Kong of the Applied Social Studies Department .
Edward Kessler MBE ( born 3 May 1963 ) is the founding director of The Woolf Institute .
Paul of Venice ( or Paulus Venetus ) ( 1369 - -1429 ) was a Roman Catholic Scholastic philosopher , theologian , and realist logician and metaphysician of the Hermits of the Order of Saint Augustine .
Balázs Kovács ( born 14 June 1977 ) is a retired Hungarian hurdler who specializes in the 110 metres hurdles .
Brandon Francis ( born Justin Christopher Davis ; 9 March 1981 ) is a British actor , producer , and screenwriter .
Kelly Shibari ( born 9 September 1972 ) is the stage name of a Japanese - American pornographic actress and plus - size model .
James Fontaine ( 1757 to 1790 ) was an officer who served in American Revolutionary War and the Northwest Indian War .
Jurgita Dronina ( born 27 March 1986 ) is a Russian - Lithuanian ballet dancer .
Ann Gloag OBE ( born Ann Heron Souter ; 10 December 1942 , in Perth ) is a Scottish business woman and charity campaigner .
Glynn Snodin ( born 14 February 1960 ) is an English former professional footballer and current assistant manager at Preston North End .
Muad Mohamed Zaki also spelled as Muad Mohamad Zaki with an A , ( born 7 April 1982 ) is from a prominent political and business family in the Maldives .
Geraldo Majella Agnelo ( born 19 October 1933 ) is a Brazilian Roman Catholic Cardinal .
Petar Trifonov ( Bulgarian : Петър Трифонов : born 12 March 1984 in Blagoevgrad ) is a Bulgarian footballer .
Oliver Pikati ( born 19 May 1973 ) is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a striker .
Paul Scanlan ( born 1970 ) is an American businessperson , and co - founder of MobiTV , where he is the current president .
Sayed Moustafa Al - Qazwini ( Arabic : سيد مصطفى القزويني‎ born 1961 in Karbala , Iraq ) is an Islamic religious leader .
Chester Keefer was born in Altoona , Pennsylvania , in 1897 , to John Henry Keefer and Jessie G. Scott .
Eddie Lubanski ( born c. 1929 ) was one of the greatest bowlers of all time .
Ron Shushan ( Hebrew : רון שושן‎ ; born 11 June 1993 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Hapoel Nazareth Illit .
Dan Tipton ( 1844 - February 25 , 1898 ) was an American sailor , miner , gambler , and member of a federal posse led by American Old West lawman Wyatt Earp .
Vaikom Padmanabha Pillai ( 1767 - -1809 ) was a militia leader and military officer of the Kingdom of Travancore ( now roughly the Indian state of Kerala ) .
James Lavadour ( born 1951 ) is a Walla Walla painter and printmaker .
Ellvana Curo ( born 22 January 1992 ) nicknamed `` Elly '' , is an Albanian Australian footballer , who currently plays for Bundoora United in the Victorian Women 's Premier League and Albania women 's national football team .
Gangaji ( /ˈɡɑːŋɡədʒi/ ; born Texas , 1942 ) is an American born spiritual teacher and author .
Milana Bakhaeva ( Russian : Милана Бахаева ) ( born 30 December 1979 in Orekhovo , Chechnya ) , better known by the pen name Milana Terloeva , is a Chechen journalist and author of the 2006 French bestseller Danser sur les ruines --
Ram Gopal Yadav ( born 29 June 1946 ) is an Indian politician from Uttar Pradesh .
Ern Westmore ( October 29 , 1904 - -February 1 , 1967 ) , born Ernest Henry Westmore , was a Hollywood make - up artist and sometimes actor , the third child in George Westmore 's famed Westmore family tree .
Miinnehoma ( 1983 -- July 2012 ) was an Irish bred and British trained Thoroughbred racehorse most famous for his victory in the 1994 Grand National at Aintree , ridden by Richard Dunwoody , trained by Martin Pipe and owned by Freddie Starr .
Philemon Tracy ( June 1831-Sept 18 , 1862 ) was an American judge , newspaper editor , and politician .
Henry Burkhardt III ( 1945 - -2000 ) was born in Ann Arbor , Michigan , USA , grew up in South Hadley , Massachusetts , and was schooled there .
André Isidore Carey ( c. 1790 , Paris -- ? ) was a French ballet dancer .
Deniz Özlem or Denislav Stoyanov ( Bulgarian name ) ( born 16 April 1986 in Bulgaria ) is a Turkish footballer .
Stuart Fielden ( born 14 September 1979 in Halifax ) is an English former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s , 2000s and 2010s .
Alexander Dyce ( 30 June 1798 -- 15 May 1869 ) was a Scottish dramatic editor and literary historian .
Bartholomäus Keckermann ( c. 1572 -- 25 July 1608 ) was a German writer , Calvinist theologian and philosopher .
Emma Collinge ( born 13 November 1990 ) is an English model and former actress .
Ilya Belyaev ( Russian : Илья Беляев ) ( born 9 August 1990 ) is a Russian tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour .
Kerry Cooper Vuna ( born 5 July 1987 ) is a professional rugby footballer who currently plays for the Worcester Warriors .
Prince Antoine of Bourbon - Two Sicilies ( French : Antoine Marie Joseph Alphonse Adam et omnes sancti ; 20 January 1929 -- ) is a member of the House of Bourbon - Two Sicilies which ruled the defunct Kingdom of the Two Sicilies until 1860 .
Anita Anand ( /ˈɑːnænd/ AH - nand ; born 28 April 1972 ) is a British radio and television presenter and journalist .
Francis Roberts Rush was born in Townsville on 11 September 1916 , the son of Thomas Rush and his wife Mary ( née Roberts ) .
Espen Grjotheim ( born 20 September 1976 ) is a Norwegian singer and actor who studied at the Bårdar Akademiet ( 1997 - -1999 ) .
Ghislaine Arabian ( born in August 1948 ) is a Belgian chef , two stars at the Guide Michelin .
Rana Chandra Singh , ( 1931 - -2009 ) , also known as `` Rana Chander Singh '' , was a Pakistani politician , a federal minister and the chieftain of the Pakistani Hindu Sodha Thakur Rajput clan and the Amarkot ( present day Umerkot ) jagir .
Chen Jianguo ( Chinese : 陈建国 ; born July 1945 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since 2013 as the Chair of the National People 's Congress Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee .
Jeffrey S. Lyons ( 1939 or 1940 -- July 26 , 2015 ) was a Toronto lawyer , lobbyist , and community activist .
Nawab Fazal Nawaz Jung Bahadur ( c. 1894 - 1964 ) was a noted Hyderabadi politician and financier during the period of the Nizam of Hyderabad Mir Osman Ali Khan , Asaf Jah VII .
Jason Durr ( born 1967 ) is an English actor of theatre , television and film .
Martin Mesík ( born 17 October 1979 ) is a Slovak former ski jumper who holds the Slovak national record with 195.5 m which he set at Kulm in February 2005 .
Vivian Bingham OBE ( 11 April 1932 -- 3 March 2012 ) , known as Viv Bingham , was a British political activist .
Dimitrios Psarros ( Greek : Δημήτριος Ψαρρός , 1893 -- April 17 , 1944 ) was a Greek army officer and resistance leader .
Gabriella Juhász ( born 19 March 1985 in Kisvárda ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Veszprém Barabás KC and also member of the Hungarian national setup .
Felipe Solari was born on 22 March 1982 , in São Paulo , SP . He is a VJ from MTV Brasil , Brazilian actor , model and recently DJ .
Vonani Bila is a South African author and poet , he was born in 1972 in Shirley Village near Elim Hospital .
Dean Edell ( born 26 March 1941 ) is an American physician and broadcaster who hosted the Dr. Dean Edell radio program , a syndicated radio talk show which aired live from 1979 until December 10 , 2010 .
Sheikh Bashir Yussuf ( Somali : Sheekh Bashiir Yuusuf , Arabic : الشيخ يوسف بشير‎ , born c. 1905 in Taleh , northern Somalia ) was a Somali religious leader .
Marcela Pavia ( born 1957 ) is an Italian - American composer .
Pio Ricci ( Florence , 1850 - August 21 , 1919 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre and costume genre works .
Colette Dowling ( c. 1938 ) is an American writer best known for her 1981 book The Cinderella Complex :
Salim Zanoun ( Arabic : سليم الزعنون‎ , Salim al - Za'nun ; born 1933 in Gaza ) , also known as Abu al - Adib , is a veteran Palestinian politician .
Richard Beke ( 1630 - -1707 ) , of Westminster and Ford , Dinton , Buckinghamshire , was an English politician .
Raymond Monsour Scurfield ( born 1943 ) is an American professor emeritus of social work at The University of Southern Mississippi , Gulf Coast .
Hakeem Ali Mohammad ( 1906 - 1988 ) was an Unani physician in Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Peter Schreck ( b 1942 ) is an Australian writer , best known for his work in television .
Justice Manohar Pershad ( born 8 July 1904 , date of death unknown ) was Chief Justice of Andhra Pradesh High Court .
John Crank ( 6 February 1916 -- 3 October 2006 ) was a mathematical physicist , best known for his work on the numerical solution of partial differential equations .
Luciano Siqueira de Oliveira , known as Luciano and previously Eriberto ( born 3 December 1975 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Mantova .
Abigail Lazkoz ( Bilbao , Basque Country , 16 August 1972 ) is a Basque artist .
Guy Cosmo ( born 12 March 1977 in Port Jefferson , NY ) is an American racing driver who competes in the United SportsCar Championship .
Isaac Heeney ( born 5 May 1996 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing with the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League .
Anthony Wesley ( born 1966 ) is an Australian computer programmer and amateur astronomer , known for his discoveries of the 2009 and 2010 Jupiter impact events .
Nazeem Hussain ( born 21 April 1986 ) is an Australian comedian , actor , and radio presenter of Sri Lankan descent .
Jared Petrenko ( born 22 December 1989 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who is currently a free agent .
Dušan Ristanović ( born February 1933 in Čačak , Serbia ) is a former Professor of Medical Biophysics at the Department of Biophysics of the Belgrade Medical School , Belgrade , Serbia .
Fauve Hautot ( born 3 March 1986 ) is a French dancer and choreographer .
Mohammed Asab ( born 10 September 1987 ) is an Indian shooter who competes in the double trap event .
Kalam Mooniaruck ( born 22 November 1983 ) is an English - born Mauritian footballer who played as a winger .
Erica Spindler ( born 1957 ) is a New York Times Best - Selling author , who specializes in romantic thrillers .
Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez ( born 1 August 1971 ) , is a former Mexican drug lord and top leader of the criminal drug trafficking organization known as the Gulf Cartel .
Ahmet Yumrukaya ( born 25 May 1984 ) is a Turkish rower competing in the lightweight coxless pair category .
Sun Xiaojiao ( born 18 December 1984 in Zhejiang ) is a former Chinese artistic gymnast .
Steven Webb ( born 8 November 1984 ) is an English actor who has been performing in theatre , television and film from the age of eight .
Åse Hedstrøm ( born 17 April 1950 ) is a Norwegian composer based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Wei Junxing ( Chinese : 魏俊星 ; pinyin : Weì Jùnxīng ; born October 1955 ) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Liaoning province in northeast China .
Andrés Baiz Ochoa ( born 1975 ) , also known as Andi Baiz , is a Colombian film director and screenwriter .
Elias Luis Vernet ( Vernet and Louis Elie ) was born on 6 March 1791 in Hamburg .
Daniel Genis ( born August 2 , 1978 ) is a Russian - American journalist and writer .
Admiral Sir Baldwin Wake Walker , 1st Baronet KCB ( 6 January 1802 -- 12 February 1876 ) was Surveyor of the Navy from 1848 to 1861 .
Juliane Seyfarth ( born 19 February 1990 ) is a German ski jumper , who represents WSC 07 Ruhla .
James Meechan ( born 17 August 1930 ) is a Scottish - Canadian artist best known for his stained glass work .
Kiril Merdzhanski ( also transliterated Merjanski ) ( Bulgarian : Кирил Мерджански ) ( born 30 July 1955 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian poet , playwright and translator from English .
Sadibou Hydara ( 1964 - 1995 ) , was born in 1964 in Dippa Kunda , Serekunda , Gambia to Mandinka parents .
Brayden Lyle ( born 6 March 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles and vice - captained Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Liu Cigui ( Chinese : 刘赐贵 ; born 18 September 1955 ) is a Chinese politician .
Joseph Dries ( born 2 August 1942 ) is a retired Belgian road cyclist who was active between 1962 and 1963 .
Graeme Shimmin ( born 24 September 1967 ) , is a British science - fiction novelist and blogger .
Tom Baxter ( born Thomas Baxter Gleave , 29 October 1973 ) is an English singer - songwriter based in London .
Louis Fleury ( 24 May 1878 -- 10 June 1926 ) was a French flautist , pupil of Paul Taffanel at the Paris Conservatoire .
Anat Maor ( Hebrew : ענת מאור‎ , born 28 May 1945 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Meretz between 1992 and 2003 .
Born November 4 , 1939 , Bishop Beverly J. Shamana graduated from Occidental College with a B.A. in Choral Conducting and Music Education in 1961 .
Christopher Webber ( born 27 May 1953 ) is an English actor , dramatist , theatre director , writer and music critic .
Guillebert de Lannoy ( also Gilbert , Guilbert or Ghillebert ; 1386 - -1462 ) , was a Flemish traveler and diplomat , chamberlain to the duke of Burgundy , governor of the fort of Sluys , and a knight of the Golden Fleece .
Alberto Porta y Muñoz , ( Barcelona , 1946 ) is a Catalan artist with autodidact formation , known as Zush since 1968 and Evru since 2001 .
Dušan Savnik ( 1919 - -1975 ) was a Slovene lawyer , journalist and translator .
Saint Mateo Correa Magallanes ( also known as Mateo Correa , Fr . Correa ; 23 July 1866 -- ) was a Knight of Columbus , of Council 2140 .
Gulshan Grover ( born 21 September 1955 ) is an Indian actor who has appeared in over 400 films .
Shmuel Kozokin ( Hebrew : שמואל קוזוקין‎ ; born 16 November 1987 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Ironi Beit Shemesh .
Wesley Barresi ( born 3 May 1984 ) is a South African born first - class and Netherlands international cricketer .
André Joyeux ( 1871- ? ) was a French artist , first teacher and director of the Gia Định art school ( Trường Mỹ nghệ thực hành Gia Định ) founded in 1913 in a suburb of Saigon , 12 years before Victor Tardieu founded the national EBAI in Hanoi .
Chris Munce ( born 17 May 1969 ) is a highly successful Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who was convicted in Hong Kong on 1 March 2007 of taking bribes in exchange for racing tips .
John Baynes ( 1758 - -1787 ) was an English lawyer and miscellaneous writer .
Clive Nolan ( born 30 June 1961 ) is a British musician , composer and producer who has played a prominent role in the recent development of progressive rock .
Baden Cooke ( born 12 October 1978 ) is an Australian retired professional racing cyclist , who competed professionally between 2000 and 2013 .
Katoucha Niane ( 23 October 1960 -- 2 February 2008 ) was a French model .
Guy Millar ( born 23 April 1992 ) is an Australian rugby union footballer who plays as a prop for the Greater Sydney Rams and the Western Force .
Paul Kee ( 8 November 1969 ) is a former Northern Irish footballer who played for Oxford United , Ards and Reading .
John Picard ( born 25 March 1957 ) is an American architect , builder , entrepreneur as well as a building efficiency and sustainability expert .
Geremie Barmé ( born 1954 ) is an Australian sinologist , author , and film - maker on modern and traditional China .
Christoph Dabrowski ( born 1 August 1978 ) is a German football manager and former footballer of Polish descent .
Prof . Dr. Numan Kurtulmuş ( born 1959 ) is a Turkish politician .
Terry Wallace ( born 13 December 1958 ) is a former professional Australian rules football player and coach .
Rozlyne Clarke ( born Roslyn Howell , 9 July 1967 ) is an Australian dance music singer , best known in France .
Beatrice Heuser ( born 15 March 1961 in Bangkok ) , is an historian and political scientist .
Hassan Butt ( Urdu : حسن بٹ‎ ) ( born 1980 ) is the British Pakistani former spokesman of the radical Islamic group al - Muhajiroun who now calls on Muslims to `` renounce terror '' .
Bouchaib Arroub ( Arabic : بوشعيب عروب‎ ; born c. 1936 ) is a Moroccan army general .
Brent Lee ( born 1964 , Wynyard , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian composer and professor of Music Composition at the University of Windsor .
Björn Andersson ( born 20 July 1951 ) is a former Swedish footballer from Markaryd who played for Bayern Munich and was part of their European Cup victory in 1975 .
Elisabeth Enger ( born 1 July 1958 ) is a Norwegian civil servant , from August 2008 director of the Norwegian National Rail Administration .
Peter Catalanotto was born in March 1959 in Brooklyn , NY , and grew up in East Northport , Long Island , where he attended John Glenn High School .
Memnock ( born 2 February 1974 , real name Håkon Didriksen ) is a bassist best known for playing in the Norwegian Extreme Metal band Susperia .
Jean - Pierre Pranlas - Descours ( born 1956 ) is a Parisian born award - winning French architect and urban planner associated with a minimalist aesthetic .
David Kracov ( born 1968 ) is an American painter , animator and sculpture .
John Collison ( born 1990 ) is an Irish student and entrepreneur .
Alvanley Johnston ( 12 May 1875 - 17 September 1951 ) was a Canadian / American locomotive engineer who became head of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers ( BLE ) , a union that covered the United States and Canada , holding the title of Grand Chief Engineer from 1925 to 1950 .
Dave Amels ( born 1960 ) co - founded music technology companies Voce musical instruments and Bomb Factory .
Brendon Retzlaff ( born 22 April 1969 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Bears , West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Dockers in the Australian Football League between 1992 and 1995 .
Frank Longland was born on 22 September 1870 in Brisbane , the son of David Ferdinand Longland and his wife Charlotte ( née Sutton ) .
Svetlana Sergeeva ( born 26 March 1986 ) in Kargopol , Arkhangelsk Oblast is a Paralympian athlete from Russia , competing mainly in category T37 throwing and sprint events .
Nushrat Bharucha ( born 17 May 1985 ) is an Indian film actress best known for her work in Pyar Ka Punchnama , Kal Kisne Dekha , Akaash Vani , Darr @ the Mall , Meeruthiya Gangster and Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2 .
Joshua Nadeau ( born 12 September 1994 ) is a French footballer who played for French club AC Ajaccio .
Abdennour Abrous ( born 1934 in Oujda , Morocco ) , is a former Algerian politician .
Robert Lachowicz ( born 8 February 1990 ) is an English professional ice hockey left winger who is currently a playing in the EIHL .
Leslie Grace Martínez ( born 7 January 1995 ) , better known as Leslie Grace , is an American singer .
Craig Bird ( born 21 January 1989 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Marcus Greatwood ( born 18 March 1973 ) is a British freediving coach .
Manjeet Kaur ( born 2 April 1982 ) is an Indian sprint athlete from Punjab who specializes in 400 metres .
Wang Jishan ( 王及善 ) ( 618 -- August 28 , 699 ) , formally Duke Zhen of Xing ( 邢貞公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during Wu Zetian 's reign .
Dr Yoram Lass ( Hebrew : יורם לס‎ ; born 30 January 1945 ) is an Israeli physician and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between 1992 and 1996 .
Ilfak Guilfanov ( Russian : Ильфак Гильфанов , born 1966 ) is a software developer , computer security researcher and blogger .
José Wellington Bento dos Santos ( Chinese:迪天奴 ; born 11 September 1973 ) , commonly known as Detinho , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Hong Kong club Wing Yee FT as a striker .
Vikki Bunce ( born 12 February 1983 in Dundee ) is a field hockey forward from Scotland , who plays club hockey for Dundee Wanderers HC .
Tarun Gogoi ( Assamese : তৰুণ গগৈ ; born 1 April 1936 ) is an Indian politician who has served as the Chief Minister of Assam since 2001 .
Ben Cormack ( born 13 October 1982 ) is a British writer and illustrator .
Adrian Hickmott ( born 30 March 1972 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Geelong in the AFL .
Mike Dash ( born 1963 ) is a Welsh writer , historian and researcher .
Elliot Greenebaum ( born 1977 ) is an American film writer and director , best known for his award - winning debut movie , Assisted Living .
Malavalli Huchche Gowda Amarnath ( born 29 May 1952 ) , known mononymously by screen name Ambareesh , is an Indian film actor , media personality and a politician from the Karnataka state .
William Edward Toll was born in Bedford , England on 29 November 1843 , the son of John and Mary Toll , and christened at St Peter 's Church , Bedford on 31 December 1843 .
Robert Castaigne ( born 1947 ) is the chief financial officer of Total S.A ..
Charles P. Nemfakos ( born 1942 ) was United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy ( Financial Management and Comptroller ) from 1998 to 2001 .
Mohamed Zahafi ( born 1959 ) is a Moroccan middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Count Krsto II Oršić Slavetićki ( English : Christopher II Orshich of Slavetić ) , ( 1718 - -1782 ) was a Croatian nobleman and high - ranking officer in the Habsburg Monarchy imperial army service , a member of the Oršić noble family .
Caroline Cox , Baroness Cox FRCN ; born 6 July 1937 ) is a cross - bench member of the British House of Lords .
Bjørn Oscar Gulbrandsen ( 17 September 1925 -- 14 April 2011 ) was a Norwegian ice hockey player and yacht racer .
Sir Augustus Wollaston Franks KCB ( 20 March 1826 -- 21 May 1897 ) was an English antiquary and museum administrator .
Leonel de Lima ( 1403 - 1495 ) was a Portuguese nobleman , Viscount of Vila Nova de Cerveira .
Prosper Montagné ( pronounced : ( pʁɔs.pɛʁ mɔ̃taɲe ) ) ( 14 November 1865 -- 22 April 1948 ) was a French chef and author of many books and articles on food , cooking , and gastronomy , notably the Larousse Gastronomique .
David Penna ( born 25 July 1972 ) is an Australian rugby league coach and former player who played for the Parramatta Eels and South Sydney Rabbitohs during his long professional career .
Johnny K. Larsson ( born 19 July 1949 ) is a Swedish engineer and Technical Specialist , Body - in - White Joining Technologies , at Volvo Car Corporation , where he focuses on joining technologies for passenger car body structures .
Hans Persson , born 18 January 1959 , is a Swedish former cross - country skier , specialized at long - distance races .
Richard Fawkes ( born 31 July 1944 in Camberley , Surrey , UK ) is an award - winning writer and director .
Allan Jeans ( 21 September 1933 -- 13 July 2011 ) was an Australian rules footballer and coach .
Antonio Cobas ( Barcelona 1952 -- April 14 , 2004 ) was a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle designer , constructor and mechanic who built world championship winning motorcycles .
Leo Moran ( born 9 November 1964 in Tuam , Galway ) is best known as lead guitarist and sometimes vocalist in the Irish folk rock band The Saw Doctors .
John Roger Roberts , Baron Roberts of Llandudno ( born 23 October 1935 ) , is a Welsh Liberal Democrat politician .
Rev. Cooper Willyams ( June , 1762 -- July 17 , 1816 ) was a clergyman and a British Artist .
Gerard la Pucelle ( sometimes Gerard Pucelle ; c. 1117 -- 13 January 1184 ) was a peripatetic Anglo - French scholar of canon law , clerk , and Bishop of Coventry .
Morten Veland ( born 4 December 1977 ) is a Norwegian multi - instrumentalist , composer , songwriter , and producer .
Ashoke Pandit ( born 11 May 1957 ) is an Indian filmmaker and social activist .
Francesca von Habsburg - Lothringen ( born 7 June 1958 ) is an art collector and the wife of Karl Habsburg - Lothringen , head of the House of Habsburg - Lorraine .
Joseph Moxon ( 8 August 1627 - February 1691 ) , hydrographer to Charles II , was an English printer of mathematical books and maps , a maker of globes and mathematical instruments , and mathematical lexicographer .
Yogeshwar Amatya ( born Yogeshwor Prasad Amatya , 3 April 1964 ) is a Nepali singer , musician , producer , actor , social activist , and photographer .
Dorothy Duncan ( 1903 -- April 22 , 1957 ) , American writer and artist , won the Governor General 's Award for English - language non - fiction in 1946 for her book Partner in Three Worlds .
Lynne Hutchison ( born 10 November 1994 , Tokyo , Japan ) is a British rhythmic gymnast .
Junko Chodos ( born 1939 ) is a contemporary artist born and educated in Japan and residing in the United States since 1968 .
Patrick Saint - Denis ( born 1975 ) is a Canadian composer currently based in Montreal .
Alberto Achacaz Walakial ( 1929 ? -- August 4 , 2008 ) was a Chilean citizen and one of the last full - blooded Kaweskars , who are also known as the Alacaluf .
Kustaa Ahmala ( 22 September 1867 , Lumijoki - 30 August 1933 ) was a Finnish factory worker , construction worker , journalist and politician .
Dame Susan Jocelyn Bell Burnell DBE FRS FRSE FRAS ( born 15 July 1943 ) is a Northern Irish astrophysicist .
Mounir Sabet ( sometimes spelled Mounir Thabet ) ( Arabic : منير ثابت‎ ) ( born 29 October 1936 ) is an Egyptian general and sports official .
Noel Colleran ( born 1944 in Mountbellew , County Galway ) is an Irish former sportsperson .
Pan Liangshi ( Chinese : 潘良时 ; born October 1956 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Henri Griffet ( 1698 - -1771 ) was a leading Jesuit writer .
Vladimir Kadyshevsky ( 5 May 1937 -- 24 September 2014 ) was Russian theoretical physicist .
David Dinsmore ( 2 September 1968 ) is a Scottish newspaper executive and a former editor of The Sun newspaper .
Andreas van der Schaaf ( ' s - Gravenhage , 27 October 1951 ) is a Dutch television presenter , producer and program developer .
Thomas Hamilton , 3rd Earl of Haddington ( 1626 -- 8 February 1645 ) was a short - lived Scottish nobleman .
Annie Rivieccio ( born 1962 ) is an American bodybuilder and personal trainer .
Anne Ogborn is a transgender rights activist who was born in Salina , Kansas in 1959 .
Hans Leonhard Schäufelein ( c. 1480 - -1540 ) was a German painter , designer , and wood engraver .
Jeremy Gimpel ( born 1979 ) is an educator , politician and presenter of Israel Inspired , a podcast that has had 12 million views on YouTube .
Gyula J. Obádovics ( born 1927 ) is a Hungarian mathematician , Dr. Techn . , Dr. Rer .
Douglas Robert Hadow ( 30 May 1846 -- 14 July 1865 ) was a British novice mountaineer who died on the descent after the first ascent of the Matterhorn .
Wen Spencer ( born 1963 ) is an American science fiction and fantasy writer whose books center on characters with unusual abilities , and which might be regarded as original variations on the standard vampire and werewolf themes .
Paul Chalmers ( born 31 October 1963 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a striker for several clubs .
Kathinka Pasveer ( born 11 June 1959 ) is a Dutch flautist .
Krishna Lal Chadha was born on 15 November 1936 in Bhopalwala , Sialkot , in the British India , presently in Pakistan .
Henry Holyoake ( 1657 - -1731 ) was a headmaster of Rugby School for more than forty years in the 17th and 18th centuries .
Mykola Ovsianiko - Kulikovsky ( Russian : Николай Овсянико-Куликовский , 1768 - -1846 ) was the purported author of a famous musical hoax Symphony No . 21 ( Ovsianiko - Kulikovsky ) , perpetrated by composer and violinist Mikhail Goldstein .
David Behre ( born 13 September 1986 ) is a German Paralympic sprint runner in the T43 class .
Randolph Mank ( born 1954 ) is a Canadian foreign dignitary and former Ambassador to Indonesia , Pakistan , and Malaysia .
Carolina Moscheni ( born 23 May 1996 ) is an Italian ice dancer .
Sir Lancelot Graham , KCSI , KCIE ( 1880 - -1958 ) was an Indian civil servant during the British Raj .
Bryan Martyn ( 27 December 1930 -- 9 June 2002 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the VFL during the 1950s .
Carl - Henrik Heldin ( born 9 August 1952 ) is a Swedish molecular biologist and medical researcher .
Wendel Geraldo Maurício e Silva , commonly known as Wendel , ( born 8 April 1982 ) is a Brazilian left winger or left wingback .
Chris Rivett ( born 25 April 1979 ) is the chairman of Olympic Catuvellauni , a multi - discipline sporting club he formed in 2013 .
Stanley Rossiter Benedict ( 17 March 1884 -- 21 December 1936 ) was an American chemist best known for discovering Benedict 's reagent , a solution that detects certain sugars .
Gilmelândia Palmeira dos Santos ( born Salvador , Bahia , 20 September 1975 ) known as Gil or Gilmelândia , is a Brazilian singer , actress and TV presenter .
Oscar James ( born 25 July 1942 ) is a Trinidadian actor , who is based in the United Kingdom .
Graeme Horne ( born 22 March 1985 in Kingston upon Hull , East Riding of Yorkshire ) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Hull Kingston Rovers .
Haggai Hoberman ( Hebrew : חגי הוברמן‎ ; b. 24 Nisan 1959 ) is an Israeli journalist and author .
Nayer Nagui ( born 1970 ) is an Egyptian composer , conductor , musical director and pianist .
Abraham Hanson ( 1818 - 1866 ) was an English - born American pastor and diplomat .
Ezra Getzler ( born 9 February 1962 ) is an Australian mathematician and mathematical physicist .
Ann Pilling ( born 17 October 1944 ) is an English author and poet best known for young - adult fiction .
Dr. Kedrick Pickering ( born 8 April 1958 ) is the current Deputy Premier of the Virgin Islands , also known as the British Virgin Islands .
Mark Sension ( also Mark St. John ) ( 1630 -- August 12 , 1693 ) was an early settler of Norwalk , Connecticut , deputy of the Connecticut General Assembly of the Colony of Connecticut from Norwalk in the sessions of October 1672 , October 1676 , October 1678 , and May and October 1684 .
Franco Lazzaroni ( born 6 February 1988 in Sarmiento , Santa Fe ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Colón as a Defender .
Seán Condon ( 1923 -- 27 October 2001 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a centre - forward for the Cork senior team .
Nebojša Stojković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небојша Стојковић ; born 2 June 1974 ) is a former Serbian football player .
Giacomo Carlini ( 2 August 1904 -- 2 August 1963 ) was an Italian sprinter , hurdler and a specialist in combined events .
Henry Lascelles , 2nd Earl of Harewood DL ( 25 December 1767 -- 24 November 1841 ) , known as Viscount Lascelles from 1814 to 1820 , was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Khalid bin Mohammad Al Attiyah ( Arabic : خالد بن محمد العطية , born 9 March 1967 ) is a Qatari politician who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Qatar from June 2013 to January 2016 .
Goran Gutalj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горан Гутаљ ; born 12 November 1969 ) is a retired Bosnian Serb professional footballer .
Ben Demery ( born 19 September 1986 ) is an Australian Paralympic tandem cyclist with a vision impairment .
Dumitru Solomon ( 1932- February 9 , 2003 ) was a Romanian author of essays , plays , and chronicles .
Ģirts Līcis ( born 1970 in Riga , Latvian SSR ) is a Latvian entrepreneur mostly known as TV presenter of Gribi būt miljonārs ? , the Latvian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? which he hosted from 2007 to 2008 .
Ilkka Villi ( born 4 August 1975 ) is a Finnish actor and writer , best known internationally for his work in the video game Alan Wake .
David Lukaszewski ( born 1970 ) is an American poker player .
Maciej Parowski ( born 27 December 1946 in Warsaw ) is a Polish publicist , essayist , writer and translator .
Fannie Porter ( February 12 , 1873 -- c. 1940 ) was a well - known madam of the 19th century .
Heinz - Jürgen Kluge , known as Jürgen Kluge ( born 25 April 1941 ) , is a physicist probably best known for the development of ion - storage devices and methods for accurate measurements of nuclear masses .
John Alderton ( born 27 November 1940 ) is an English actor who is best known for his roles in Upstairs , Downstairs , Thomas & Sarah , Little Miss , Please Sir ! , and Fireman Sam .
Cornelius Sneek ( 1455 - 1534 ) was a 15th-16th century Dominican priest and a member of the Congregation of Holland .
L. Stewart Hinckley ( 1902 - 1968 ) served as a member of the California State Assembly from the 73rd district .
L. Susan Brown ( born 1959 ) is a Canadian anarchist communist writer and theoretician .
Sarah Gillett CMG CVO ( born 21 July 1956 ) is a British diplomat who is Ambassador to Norway .
Lorna Brown ( born 1958 ) is a Canadian artist , curator and writer .
Mamdouh Abbas ( born 1946 ) is an Egyptian millionaire businessman .
Nabil Dirar ( Arabic : نبيل ضرار‎ , born 25 February 1986 ) is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays for Monaco and the Moroccan national team .
Monika Sozanska ( born 13 March 1983 ) is a Polish- German épée fencer .
Han Weiguo ( Chinese : 韩卫国 ; born January 1956 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong Jiang ) in the Chinese People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) and the inaugural Commander of the Central Theater Command .
Jožef Kerec ( born Kerécz József ) ( 15 October 1892 in Prosečka Vas -- 27 June 1974 ) was the first Slovene Salesian missionary in China .
Paul McLaney ( born 1975 in Stockton - on - Tees , England ) is a New Zealand - based composer , singer and guitarist .
Count Albert Gyulay de Marosnémethi et Nádaska or Albert Gyulai von Máros - Németh und Nádaska , born 12 September 1766 -- died 27 April 1835 , a Hungarian , joined the army of Habsburg Austria and fought against Ottoman Turkey .
Clyde Lee Conrad ( 1948 -- January 8 , 1998 ) was an U.S. Army non - commissioned officer who , from 1974 until his arrest on August 23 , 1988 , sold top secret classified information to the People 's Republic of Hungary , including top secret NATO war plans .
Atta Yaqub ( born 1979 ) is a Scottish model and actor of Pakistani / Punjabi descent .
Enrico Brignano ( born 18 May 1966 ) is an Italian actor , playwright , comedian , presenter and writer .
Anura C. Perera ( born 18 June 1947 ) is a Sri Lankan science writer and astronomer .
William John Wainwright PRBSA ( 1855 - -1931 ) was a painter who spent most of his life in Birmingham , England .
Rostislav Čtvrtlík ( 9 November 1963 -- 6 March 2011 ) was a Czech stage , television and voice actor .
Alan Blinston ( born 15 June 1944 ) is a British former long - distance runner .
Glyn Colledge ( 1922 - -2000 ) was an English designer of pottery .
Roderick Buchanan ( born 1965 ) is a Scottish artist working in the fields of installation , film and photography .
Jerrome Sobers ( born 18 April 1986 ) is an English footballer of Dominican descent who played as a defender for Isthmian League Premier Division side Tonbridge Angels .
Pieter Timmers ( born 21 January 1988 ) is a Belgian competitive swimmer who specializes in sprint freestyle events .
Charles Bruffy ( born 1958 ) is an American choral conductor .
Lara Teeter ( born 1955 ) is an American dancer , actor , singer , theatre director and college professor .
Manuel José Marques Pires , better known as Manuel Balela ( 21 October 1956 ) is a Portuguese football coach .
Ofir Drori ( Hebrew : אופיר דרורי‎ ; born 26 April 1976 ) is an Israeli writer and activist based in Central Africa .
Kassoum Ouédraogo ( born 12 April 1966 ) , sometimes spelled as Kassoum Quedraogo , is a former Burkinabé footballer .
Michael Butterworth ( born 1947 ) is a British author and publisher who has written novels and short stories in the science fiction genre .
Adrian Sutil ( German pronunciation : ( ˈadɾjan zuˈtil ) ; born 11 January 1983 ) is a German racing driver who most recently drove for Sauber in Formula One for the 2014 season .
Odysseus Eskitzoglou ( Greek : Οδυσσευς Εσκιτζογλου , born 3 May 1932 ) is a Greek sailor and Olympic Champion .
Lieutenant Wilfred Parke RN ( 1889 - -1912 ) was a British aviator who was the first pilot to make an observed recovery from a spin .
Abraham Hill FRS ( 19 April 1633 London - 5 February 1721 ) was a British merchant .
René Carayol ( born 10 September 1958 ) is a business and leadership speaker , broadcaster , broadsheet columnist and author .
Lynn Farleigh ( born 3 May 1942 ) is an English actress of stage and screen .
John Bailey Langhorne ( 12 November 1816 -- 17 May 1877 ) was proprietor of the Newcastle Chronicle .
Abraham van der Waeyen Pieterszen ( 14 May 1817 -- 16 April 1880 ) was a Dutch - born painter , trained in Antwerp .
Pierdomenico Perata ( Genova , 24 March 1962 ) is an Italian physiologist whose activities are focused on Plant Physiology and Plant Biology .
Susman Kiselgof ( Зусман Аронович Кисельгоф ; 1884 in Belizh , Vitebsk Governorate -- 1939 in Leningrad ) was a Russian - Jewish folksong collector .
Michael Steiner ( born 28 November 1949 , in Munich ) is a German diplomat who served head of the United Nations Mission in Kosovo ( UNMIK ) .
George Washington Watts ( 18 August 1851 -- 7 March 1921 ) was an American manufacturer , financier and philanthropist .
Mathiaparanan Abraham Sumanthiran ( Tamil : மதியாபரணம் ஆபிரகாம் சுமந்திரன் ; born 9 February 1964 ; commonly known as M. A. Sumanthiran ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer , politician and Member of Parliament .
Hossein Ziai ( July 6 , 1944 -- August 24 , 2011 ) was a professor of Islamic philosophy and Iranian Studies and held the inaugural Jahangir and Eleanor Amuzegar Chair in Iranian Studies at UCLA until his passing .
Hannah Perschel ( * born 1940 in Köflach , Styria ) is an Austrian born and raised artist of Swiss nationality .
Li Changcai ( simplified Chinese : 李长才 ; traditional Chinese : 李長才 ; pinyin : Lǐ Chángcái ; born January 1949 ) is a retired general in the People 's Liberation Army of China .
Anders Nyblom ( born 26 November 1981 in Vaasa , Finland ) is an amateur Danish Greco - Roman wrestler , who played for the featherweight division .
Yigal Cohen - Orgad ( Hebrew : יגאל כהן - אורגד‎ , born 30 August 1937 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Finance from October 1983 until September 1984 .
Richard V. Gotti ( born 1942 ) is a capo in the Gambino crime family .
Antoine - Philéas Côté ( 19 August 1903 -- 27 September 1954 ) was a Liberal party and Independent Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Liu Xiaosheng ( 刘孝生 ) ( born 5 January 1988 in Raoping , Guangdong ) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres .
Nikolaj Sørensen ( born 18 February 1989 ) is a Danish ice dancer .
Martin Birrane ( born 19 August 1935 ) is an Irish businessman , former racing driver , and owner of the Mondello Park racetrack in Kildare .
Vicki Phillips ( born about 1958 ) is an educator who has held government and non - profit positions in various parts of the United States .
Laércio Gomes Costa , sometimes known as Laércio Carreirinha or simply Laércio ( born 3 February 1990 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for the Armenian Premier League side Banants of Yerevan as a striker .
Michael David Thomas , CMG , QC , SC ( born on 8 September 1933 ; Chinese : 唐明治 ) was the penultimate Attorney General of Hong Kong before the Transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong in 1997 .
Smilja Avramov ( born 15 February 1918 ) is a Serbian academic , authority and educator in international law .
Charles O'Tudor ( born 20 June 1971 ) is a Nigerian , brand strategist , public speaker and businessman .
Ryan Neates ( born 26 June 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with the Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) , having previously played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Charles Umpherston Aitchison , born in Edinburgh on 20 May 1832 , was the son of Hugh Aitchison of that city , by his wife Elizabeth , daughter of Charles Umpherston of Loanhead near Edinburgh .
Beryl Burton , OBE ( 12 May 1937 -- 5 May 1996 ) was an English racing cyclist .
Dane Salmon ( born 6 November 1984 ) better known by his stage name Booba Starr is a Jamaican Reggae & Dancehall singer and songwriter .
Peter Blauner ( born October 29 , 1959 ) is an American author , journalist , and television producer .
Syed Afzal Ali ( born 1834 ) was a famous personality from Bulandshahr .
Fulvio Melia ( born 2 August 1956 ) is an Italian - American astrophysicist and author .
Henock Trouillot ( 1923 - 1988 ) was a Haitian historian , playwright , and novelist .
Henry Trevor Lenton ( 8 February 1924 -- 7 May 2009 ) was an English naval historian , specialising in the area of 20th - century naval history and warship design .
Franz André Heller ( born 22 March 1947 as Francis Charles Georges Jean André Heller - Hueart ) is an Austrian artist , author , poet , singer , songwriter and actor .
Mat Bruso ( born 1983 ) is vocalist of the Massachusetts metalcore band , Bury Your Dead .
Epiphanius Evesham ( fl . 1570 -- c. 1623 ) was a British sculptor .
Rear Admiral Koos Louw ( born 17 July 1952 ) is a retired South African Navy officer .
Milan Trenc ( born 1962 ) is a Croatian illustrator , film director and novelist .
Adrian Searle ( born 1953 in Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire ) is the chief art critic of The Guardian newspaper in Britain , and has been writing for the paper since 1996 .
Frank Bren ( born 1943 ) is an Australian actor , playwright , and scholar of film history .
Julius Jaenzon ( 8 July 1885 -- 17 February 1961 ) was a Swedish cinematographer , essential in the early Swedish silent cinema .
Neville Brown ( born 26 February 1966 ) is a British former boxer who was British middleweight champion between 1993 and 1998 , and also fought for Commonwealth , European , and World titles .
Corneliu Stroe ( born 22 October 1949 , in Bucharest ) is a Romanian drummer and percussionist .
Ante Gotovina ( born 12 October 1955 ) is a Croatian retired lieutenant general and former French senior corporal who served in the Croatian War for Independence .
Princess Nejla bint Asem ( born 9 May 1988 in Amman ) is the daughter of Prince Asem bin Al Nayef and Princess Sana Asem .
Jacques Godin ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒak godɛ̃ ) ; born September 14 , 1930 ) is a Canadian film and television actor .
Henriette Renié ( 18 September 1875 -- 1 March 1956 ) was a French harpist and composer , a deeply religious woman who lived in poverty for much of her life , but who was independent and successful in a time when fame was socially unacceptable for women .
Volker Hesse ( born 30 December 1944 ) is a German Theatre producer .
Loris Abate ( born 1928 ) is an Italian jewelry designer and businessman .
Semyon Alesker ( Hebrew : סמיון אלסקר‎ ; born 1972 ) is an Israeli mathematician at Tel Aviv University .
Myra Kelly ( 1875 - -1910 ) was an Irish American schoolteacher and author .
Philip of Hohenlohe - Neuenstein ( 17 February 1550 -- 6 March 1606 ) , Count of Hohenlohe - Langenburg , was an army commander in service of the Dutch Republic .
Sandy Julien Wilhelm ( born 22 April 1975 ) better known by his stage name Sandy Vee , is a French music producer and songwriter .
Grant Nelson ( born 27 April 1971 in London ) , also known as Wishdokta , Bump & Flex and N'n'G , is an English DJ , remixer and record producer .
Gavin Love ( born 2 June 1978 in Plymouth , England ) is a former British professional basketball player and current head coach for Copenhagen Wolfpack of the Danish Basketball League .
Olivette Bice ( née Daruhi born 12 May 1968 in Espiritu Santo ) is a Vanuatuan sprinter .
Herluf Zahle ( 14 March 1873 -- 4 May 1941 ) was a Danish barrister with the Supreme Court , a career diplomat and the President of the League of Nations from 1928 to 1929 .
Richard Baerwald ( 1867 - -1929 ) was a German academic psychologist , in Berlin .
Javier Ninja ( birth name Javier Madrid , born 10 March 1984 in Queens ( New York City ) ) is an American vogue dancer and teacher .
Scott Grix ( born 1 May 1984 in Halifax ) is an Irish professional rugby league footballer for Huddersfield of Super League .
Oddvar Einarson ( born 7 February 1949 ) is a Norwegian movie director .
Rodrigo Pessoa ( born 29 November 1972 in Paris , France ) is a Brazilian equestrian and show jumper .
Moritz Schulz ( born 4 November 1825 in Leobschütz , Upper Silesia ; died 1904 ) was a German sculptor .
Ronald Moody ( 12 August 1900 -- 6 February 1984 ) was a Jamaican - born sculptor , specialising in wood carvings .
Horace Gould ( born Horace Harry Twigg 20 September 1918 -- 4 November 1968 ) was a British former racing driver from Bristol England .
Jean Stead ( b. 1926 , Huddersfield , Yorkshire ) , is a reporter , national news editor for The Guardian , and labour historian .
Mark Heap ( born 13 May 1957 ) is an English actor , best known for his roles in Spaced , Brass Eye , Big Train , Jam and Green Wing .
Saint Euphrosynus of Pskov ( c. 1386 -- May 15 , 1481 ) was a Russian monk and founder of a monastic community .
Inke Arns ( born 1968 , Duisdorf / Bonn ) is an independent art curator and author .
Ratu Peni Tagive ( born 3 October 1988 in Campbelltown , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Sydney Roosters in the Australian National Rugby League ( NRL ) competition .
Keijo Parkkinen ( born 1965 ) is a Finnish orienteering competitor , four times medalist in the relay at the World Orienteering Championships .
M. K. Sankaran Namboothiri ( Malayalam : ശങ്കരന്‍ നമ്പൂതിരി ) ( aka Pranavam Sankaran Namboothiri ) ( born 1971 ) is a Carnatic classical music vocalist and playback singer from Kerala .
Benjamin Taliaferro ( 1750 -- September 3 , 1821 ) was a politician and United States Representative from Georgia .
Giorgio Cantarini ( 12 April 1992 ) is an Italian actor who , to date , has appeared in two Academy Award winning films : 1997 's Life Is Beautiful ( Italian : La vita è bella ) and 2000 's Gladiator .
Mathieu Léveillé ( 1709 -- September 9 , 1743 ) was an executioner in Canada from 1733 to 1743 , originally a Black slave .
Vincent Baggetta ( once billed as Vince Baggetta , also listed as Vincent Beggetta ) ( born 7 December 1944 ) is an American television actor .
Laurens ten Dam ( born 13 November 1980 ) is a Dutch road racing cyclist with UCI ProTeam Team LottoNL - Jumbo .
Sjors Verdellen ( born 29 November 1981 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for EVV in the Dutch Topklasse .
Tor Milde ( 14 January 1953 -- 15 January 2014 ) was a Norwegian music journalist and writer .
Aled Summerhill ( born 22 November 1994 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Cardiff Blues regional team as a centre , winger , or as a fullback .
Elke Reva Sudin ( born 1987 ) is an American Artist and Illustrator .
Roy North ( born 16 March 1941 , Hull , Yorkshire , England ) is an English actor and television presenter , who played Mr Roy in Basil Brush .
Cleopatra Coleman ( born 29 October 1987 ) is an Australian actress who lives in Los Angeles , California .
Khwaja Shamsuddin Azeemi ( Urdu : خواجه شمس الدين عظيمي‎ ; born 17 October 1927 ) is a Pakistani scholar of international repute in the field of spiritualism .
Elmer Holmes Bobst ( 1884 - -1978 ) was an American businessman and philanthropist who worked in the pharmaceutical industry .
Craig Zetter ( born 30 June 1977 ) is a football ( soccer ) referee in the A - League .
Dr Bessam Farjo ( born 14 December 1963 in Iraq ) is a highly acclaimed hair transplant surgeon ; he has been working as a specialist in hair restoration surgery and medicine since 1993 .
Ben Teekloh ( born 6 December 1983 ) is a retired Liberian football defensive midfielder who last played for FC Astra II Giurgiu in Romania .
Rezwan Ferdaus ( born 1985 ) is a United States citizen of Bangladeshi descent who is serving a federal prison sentence after pleading guilty to terrorism charges in 2012 .
Tian Jiyun ( simplified Chinese : 田纪云 ; traditional Chinese : 田紀雲 ; pinyin : Tián Jìyún ; born 1929 in Feicheng , Shandong ) is a politician in the People 's Republic of China , known as a supporter of Deng Xiaoping 's reforms .
Mikael Davud ( born 24 April 1971 ) is a Norwegian Al - Qaeda operative convicted for conspiracy to commit terror .
Domenico Guidi ( 1625 -- March 28 , 1701 ) was a prominent Italian Baroque sculptor .
Professor İhsan Doğramacı ( 3 April 1915 -- 25 February 2010 ) was a Turkish paediatrician , entrepreneur , philanthropist , educationalist and college administrator of Iraqi Turkmen descent born in Arbil , Iraq , then Ottoman Empire .
Abbes Harchi ( Arabic : عباس حرشي‎ ; born 11 May 1936 ) is a Moroccan fencer .
Thijs van Leer ( pronounced : /tɛis vɑn lɪ : r/ ; born 31 March 1948 ) is a Dutch musician , singer and composer , best known for heading the Dutch progressive rock band , Focus , as primary vocalist , Hammond organ player , and flautist .
Sergiu Hart ( born 1949 ) is an Israeli mathematician and economist and the past President of the Game Theory Society ( 2008 -- 2010 ) .
Sepand Samzadeh ( born 21 September 1975 ) is an American - Canadian - Iranian musician and producer .
Bryan Waters ( born 21 January 1938 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1950s .
Victoria Hawkins Born 24 September 1983 ( sometimes credited as Vicky Hawkins ) is an English actress .
Archibald Douglas , Earl of Moray ( 1426 -- 1 May 1455 ) was a Scottish nobleman during the reign of King James II of Scotland .
Geoffrey Rees CBE FRSA ( born 28 February 1946 ) was the principal of Ivybridge Community College in Devon , England until early 2010 .
James Colebrooke Patterson , also found as J.C. Patterson , ( 1839 - February 17 , 1929 ) was a lawyer and a Canadian political figure .
Petter Jansen ( born 30 August 1955 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and CEO of Norwegian Property .
Mindia Matidia or Matidia Minor ( Minor Latin for the younger , 85-after 161 ) was related to several important ancient Roman Emperors .
Richard Henry Mills ( born July 19 , 1929 ) is a senior United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois .
Katherine Ng Kit Shuen ( 伍潔鏇 ) , born in 1974 , is the Political Assistant to the Secretary for Financial Services & the Treasury of Hong Kong .
Kjell Jerselius ( born 27 September 1945 ) is an ex teacher at the Swedish school of NTI in Stockholm , but he is also a director of the movie Mot härliga tider ( Happy Days Are Here Again ) .
Charles Edward Breese ( 26 March 1867 -- 15 August 1932 ) was a Welsh solicitor , antiquarian and Liberal politician .
Archibald Blue ( 3 February 1840 -- 27 July 1914 ) , born in Orford Township , Upper Canada , was a teacher , journalist , and civil servant .
Steve Lambert is an American artist ( born 1976 ) who works with issues of advertising and the use of public space .
Eelco Schattorie ( born 18 December 1971 ) is a Dutch football coach and former player who last managed I - League side East Bengal .
Amanda Blair ( born 20 October 1968 ) is an Australian radio broadcaster who a former columnist with the Sunday Mail , and a former member of the Social Inclusion Board , and has been a board member of the Adelaide Festival since 2004 .
Dr. Joseph H. Howard ( 1912 - 1994 ) a dentist by profession gathered what is arguably the `` largest collection '' of drums in the Americas .
Romain de Tirtoff ( 23 November 1892 -- 21 April 1990 ) was a Russian - born French artist and designer known by the pseudonym Erté , from the French pronunciation of his initials ( pronounced : ( ɛʁ.te ) ) .
Sayed Mustafa Kazemi ( Persian : سید مصطفی کاظمی‎ , 1959 -- November 6 , 2007 ) from Parwan was a prominent Afghan politician .
Thomas Lathbury ( 1798 -- 1865 ) was an English cleric known as an ecclesiastical historian .
John Entenza ( December 4 , 1905 -- April 27 , 1984 ) was one of the pivotal figures in the growth of American modernism : in the fields of environmental , architectural , landscape , and product design ; and fine arts , and artisan crafts ; in post - war California and the United States .
Wolfgang Sachs ( born 25 November 1946 ) is a researcher , writer and university teacher in the field of environment , development , and globalization .
Malcolm Storry ( born 13 January 1948 ) is a British actor who is best known for his role as ' Yellin ' in The Princess Bride .
Thomasin von Zirclaere , also called Thomasîn von Zerclaere or Tommasino Di Cerclaria ( c. 1186 -- c. 1235 ) was an Italian Middle High German lyric poet .
Alan Warriner - Little ( born Alan Warriner on 24 March 1962 in Lancaster , Lancashire ) is an English former professional darts player .
Freddie Boath ( born 6 May 1991 ) is an English actor best known for his role as Alex O'Connell in The Mummy Returns .
James Hunter Audrain ( 1781 - -1831 ) was a Colonel of Militia who served during the War of 1812 .
Joaquín Salvador Lavado , better known by his pen name Quino ( Spanish : ( ˈkino ) ; born 17 July 1932 ) , is a Argentine Spaniard cartoonist .
Einar Sverdrup ( 18 December 1895 -- 13 May 1942 ) was a Norwegian mining engineer and businessman .
James Lewis Farley ( 9 September 1823 -- 12 November 1885 ) , was an Irish banker , diplomat and writer on Eastern affairs .
Plutarch of Athens ( Greek : Πλούταρχος ; c. 350 -- 430 AD ) was a Greek philosopher and Neoplatonist who taught at Athens at the beginning of the 5th century .
Joseph Judah Chorny was a Russian traveller , born at Minsk on 20 April 1835 .
Emma Jane ( born November 1969 ) , previously known as Emma Tom , is an Australian media commentator .
Rhys Ifans ( Welsh pronunciation : ( r̥ɨːs ˈivans ) ; born Rhys Owain Evans ; 22 July 1967 ) is a Welsh actor and musician .
Alexander Scott Bullitt ( 1761 -- April 13 , 1816 ) was an American pioneer and statesman who was an early settler in Kentucky .
Jean - Paul van Poppel ( born 30 September 1962 in Tilburg , Noord - Brabant ) is a former Dutch racing cyclist , who was nicknamed Popeye .
James Stewart Barry Henderson ( born 29 April 1936 ) is a former British Conservative Party politician who served in the House of Commons for two periods , February to October 1974 and 1979 to 1987 , both for Scottish constituencies .
Randall Bramblett ( born 1948 in Jesup , Georgia , United States ) is an American musician and singer - songwriter , whose career as a solo artist , session player , and touring musician , has spanned more than three decades .
Per Theodor Haugen ( born 8 October 1932 ) is a Norwegian actor .
Hu Xiaoyuan ( Chinese : 胡晓媛 ; born 1977 , Heilongjiang , China ) is a contemporary Chinese artist .
Rigo 23 ( also known as Rigo , for example , Rigo 95 ; born Ricardo Gouveia , 1966 ) is a Portuguese muralist , painter , and political artist residing in San Francisco , California .
Qi Jinli ( Chinese : 祁金立 ; pinyin : Qí Jīnlì ; born September 1959 ) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Henan province .
Louis Franklin Bache ( 7 October 1779 - 4 October 1818 ) was the son of Richard Bache and Sarah Franklin Bache , the daughter of the American statesman Benjamin Franklin and his wife Deborah Read .
Hüseyin Erdem ( born 1949 ) is a Kurdish author and screen writer who has published several works in German , Turkish and Kurdish .
James Astin ( born 16 August 1900 , date of death unknown ) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back .
Zhang Yongyi ( Chinese : 张永义 ; born February 1950 ) is a retired vice admiral ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Navy ( PLAN ) of China .
Gillian Coultard ( born 22 July 1963 ) is a retired English football player , and former England captain .
Michal Fulier ( Český Těšín , Moravia , Czechoslovakia 20 February 1955 - ) Slovak pilot , cosmonaut , colonel .
Ray Brassier ( /ˈbræsiər/ ; born 1965 ) is a member of the philosophy faculty at the American University of Beirut , Lebanon , known for his work in philosophical realism .
Johnny Nolan ( 1864 - 1907 ) , was a rugby union footballer of the 1880s and ' 90s , playing at representative level for British Isles , and at club level for Rochdale Hornets as a Half - back , his death was registered in Barton - upon - Irwell , Lancashire .
Sloboda Mićalović Ćetković or better known by Sloboda Mićalović ( Serbian : Слобода Мићаловић Ћетковић ; born 21 August 1981 ) is a Serbian actress , known for her roles in film Zona Zamfirova , and television series M(j)ešoviti brak and Ranjeni orao .
Kathryn Miles ( Born Peoria , Illinois in 1974 ) is an American journalist , writer , and environmental theorist .
Nicholas K. Miller ( born c. 1959 ) was the Defensive MVP of the 1981 Liberty Bowl , for The Ohio State Buckeyes .
Terry Byrne ( born 4 June 1966 ) is an English businessman and a director of various companies connected to football that are active in the United Kingdom and the United States .
Njål Hole MBE ( 15 November 1914 -- 6 February 1988 ) was a Norwegian chemical engineer and nuclear physicist .
Martin Kobylański ( born 8 March 1994 ) is a German - born Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Lechia Gdańsk .
Emer Dillon born 1984 in Cork is a camogie player and a marketing executive , winner of All Ireland camogie medals in 2002 , 2005 , 2006 , and 2009 and a camogie All Star in 2005 .
Levi D. Slamm ( 1812 -- October 6 , 1862 , Mamaroneck , New York ) was an American labor leader , the editor of the Daily Plebeian , a radical Democrat and a leader of New York City 's Locofocos .
Suzanne Grant ( born 17 April 1984 ) is a Scottish international football striker .
Paul Brainerd ( born 1947 ) is a pioneer in the field of computer - aided editing , design and publishing .
Rabbi Chanoch Dov Padwa ( 17 August 1908 - -16 August 2000 ) was a world - renowned Orthodox Jewish posek , Talmudist and rabbinic leader .
Jay Jay Burridge also known as Jay Burridge ( born 12 January 1971 ) is an artist and former television presenter .
Blessed Thomas Thwing ( 1635 - -1680 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest and martyr .
Tarek Mitri ( born 16 September 1950 ) is a Lebanese university professor , independent politician and former government minister .
Quentin S. Crisp ( born 1972 ) is a British writer and publisher of supernatural fiction .
Ntala Skinner ( born 22 February 1973 ) is a retired American biathlete from Sun Valley , Idaho .
Wan J. Kim ( born 1968 ) is the former Assistant United States Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division in the Department of Justice , a position in which he served from November 9 , 2005 to August 31 , 2007 .
Hervé Hubert ( born 20 November 1958 ) is a French TV producer .
Emília Vášáryová , Doctor Artis Dramaticae ( hon . ) ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈemiːlija ˈʋaːʃaːrijoʋaː ) ; born 18 May 1942 ) is a Slovak stage and screen actress , referred to as the First Lady of Slovak Theater .
Anasztázia Nguyen ( born 9 January 1993 ) is a Hungarian track and field sprinter who specializes in the 60 metres , 100 metres and 200 metres .
Katherine Joy Postle was born on January 20 , 1896 in Chicago to architect Oliver Hambleton Postle ( 1851 - 1900 ) and Mary M. Brown .
Hayden Parker ( born 19 November 1990 ) is a rugby union player who represents Otago in the ITM Cup Championship , playing as a first five - eighth .
Heneage Finch , 1st Earl of Aylesford , PC , KC ( c. 1649 -- 22 July 1719 ) was an English lawyer and statesman .
John Vaughan Thompson was born in British controlled Brooklyn on Long - Island in the Province of New York , North America on the 19 November 1779 .
Jonathan Galassi born 1949 in Seattle , Washington , is the President and Publisher of Farrar , Straus and Giroux , one of the eight major publishers in New York .
Adriana Muñoz Premier ( born 16 March 1982 ) is a Cuban middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres .
Akmal Shaukat ( born 14 August 1986 ) is a British artist , art director , and magazine editor .
Hasan Anami Olya ( Persian : حسن انعامي عليا ; Azerbaijani : Həsən Anami Olya ) ( born 15 March 1967 ) is an Iranian opera singer .
Nasser Azam ( born 1963 , Jhelum , Pakistan ) is a British contemporary artist , living and working in London .
Jim Britt ( April 11 , 1910 -- December 31 , 1980 ) was an American sportscaster who broadcast Major League Baseball games in Boston , Massachusetts , and Cleveland , Ohio , during the 1940s and 1950s .
A. H. M. Moniruzzaman , ( Bengali : এ . এইচ . এম . মনিরুজ্জামান ; born 1950 ) , is a career diplomat in the Bangladesh Foreign Service .
Sergei Duvanov ( born 1953 ) is a prominent Kazakhstani journalist who , in 2002 , wrote articles that claimed President Nursultan Nazarbayev and several other Kazakh politicians had illicit Swiss bank accounts containing millions of U.S. ' dollars .
Amar Gamal ( born c. 1975 ) is a well known Cuban dancer who practices the art of bellydancing .
Patrick Tilley ( born 4 July 1928 ) is a British science fiction author best known for The Amtrak Wars series of books - a futureworld epic set on the eve of the third millennium in a world emerging from the ravages of a dimly understood global holocaust .
Vincent Fecteau ( born 1969 ) is a sculptor based in San Francisco .
Ágúst Ævar Gunnarsson ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈaːuɣust ˈaːivar ˈkʏnːarsɔn ) ; born 22 September 1976 ) is a founding member of the Icelandic post - rock band Sigur Rós .
Mahmud al - Rashid ( Bengali : মাহমুদ আল - রশিদ ; born 1964 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British human rights barrister , and publisher and editor - in - chief of Emel .
Dissanayake Mudiyanselage Nandasena alias D. M. Ananda alias Amal Mahattaya ( 1954 - -1989 ) was a senior leader and a politburo member of the Jantha Vimukthi Peramuna ( JVP ) during the 1987 - 89 insurrection .
Sir Walter Randolph Carpenter ( 1877 - -1954 ) was an Australian - Canadian pearl hunting , trader , merchant , ship - owner , airline industry leader and philanthropist of American ancestry active in the western Pacific from the 1890s through the 1940s .
Joe Kučera ( born Josef Kučera ; 8 July 1943 ) is a Czech jazz saxophonist and flautist .
Silvana Franco ( born 1968 ) is a British TV personality and chef .
Jacob Letterstedt ( 1796 -- 1862 ) , born Lallerstedt in Östergötland , was a Swedish businessman who settled in the Cape Colony ( part of present - day South Africa ) .
Isidor Sauers ( born 1948 ) is an Austrian - born American who is a physicist at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee .
Anthony Strong ( born 29 October 1984 ) is an English jazz singer , pianist and songwriter .
Rajesh Ranjan ( born 24 December 1967 ) , better known as Pappu Yadav ( popular name `` Netajee '' ) , is an Indian politician .
Tetyana Holovchenko ( born 13 February 1980 ) is a Ukrainian middle / long - distance runner who specializes in the 1500 and 3000 metres .
Bart Laeremans ( born 17 April 1966 ) is since 21 May 1995 member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives for the Vlaams Belang for the constituency Brussels - Halle - Vilvoorde .
Basil Boioannes ( Greek : Βασίλειος Βοϊωάννης ) , called Bugiano in Italian , was the Byzantine catapan of Italy ( 1017 - 1027 ) and one of the greatest Byzantine generals of his time .
Samuel Elijah ( born 14 November 1969 ) , popularly known as Samuel `` Prophet '' Elijah is a retired Nigerian footballer who played as a midfielder .
Anne Frances Byrne ( 1775 - 1837 ) was a British flower - painter ,
Peljidiin Genden ( Mongolian : Пэлжидийн Гэндэн ; 1892 or 1895 -- November 26 , 1937 ) was a prominent political leader of the Mongolian People 's Republic who served as the country 's second president ( 1924 to 1927 ) and the ninth prime minister ( 1932 - -1936 ) .
Jake Maskall ( born in 1971 , England ) is an English television , film and theatre actor .
Roger Wilson Dennis ( 1902 - -1996 ) was an American artist whose art was informed by the American Impressionism practiced by the Lyme Art Colony and the art of the French Impressionists .
Anselmo Banduri ( August 18 , 1671 or 1675 -- January 4 , 1743 ) was a Benedictine scholar , archaeologist and numismatologist from the Republic of Ragusa .
Jinah Kim ( Hangul : 김진아 ; born 1972 ) is a Korean American reporter for NBC News and KNBC in Los Angeles , California .
Thomas Eller ( born 8 September 1964 ) is a German visual artist and writer .
Gustavus Poznanski ( 1804 - 1879 ) was cantor and religious leader in Congregation Beth Elohim , Charleston , a pioneer of Reform Judaism in the Antebellum South .
Simon Fuller ( born 17 May 1960 ) is an English entrepreneur , artist manager and television producer .
Emily Wells ( born November 20 , 1981 ) is an American multi - instrumentalist , vocalist , composer , arranger , and producer whose genres encompass alternative , experimental , and classical .
Sang Phathanothai ( 1914 -- June , 1986 ) was a Thai politician , union leader , and journalist .
Ann Marie Di Mambro ( born 18 June 1950 ) is a Scottish playwright and television screenwriter of Italian extraction .
Emyr Humphreys ( born 15 April 1919 ) is a leading Welsh novelist , poet and author .
Benjamin Bussey ( 1757 - -1842 ) was a prosperous merchant , farmer , horticulturalist and patriot in Boston , Massachusetts , USA , who made significant contributions to the creation of the Arnold Arboretum .
Kyle Lander ( born 21 January 1996 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who plays as a striker for Stirling Albion on loan from St Johnstone .
Birendra Krishna Bhadra was born on 4 August 1905 , to Roy Bahadur Kalikrishna and Sarala Bala Devi at a rented house in Ahiritola his maternal home , in north Kolkata .
Armindo Vaz d'Almeida ( born 1953 ) is a former prime minister of São Tomé and Príncipe .
Daniel Pemberton ( born 3 November 1977 ) is an English Ivor Novello winning and multi BAFTA nominated composer .
Sally O'Reilly ( born 1971 ) is a writer , critic , teacher and editor .
Witold Gracjan Kawalec ( 17 November 1922 -- 24 December 2003 ) was a Polish - born sculptor , who worked mainly in England .
Sue Spaid ( born 1961 in Pittsburgh ) is an American curator and philosopher , currently based in Belgium .
Maria Haukaas Mittet ( née Storeng , born 3 August 1979 ) is a Norwegian recording artist .
Henry Boase ( 1763 - -1827 ) was an Cornish banker and author .
Bernardo Sepúlveda Amor ( born 14 December 1941 ) is a Mexican diplomat and jurist .
Dan Greenburg ( born 20 June 1936 ) is an American writer , humorist , and journalist .
Michinori Yamashita ( born 1953 , Japan ) is a professor ( Japanese mathematician ) at the Rissho University .
Péter Lendvay ( born 15 September 1976 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian handball player who plays for Hungarian top division side FTC - PLER KC .
Kepler Bradley ( born 13 November 1985 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon and Fremantle Football Clubs in the Australian Football League .
Francis Masson ( August 1741 -- 23 December 1805 ) was a Scottish botanist and gardener , and Kew Gardens '' first plant hunter .
Laszlo Barna ( born 1948 ) is a Gemini Award - winning executive producer of television programs and films .
Wang Shengjun ( simplified Chinese : 王胜俊 ; traditional Chinese : 王勝俊 ; pinyin : Wáng Shèngjùn ; born October 1946 in Suzhou , Jiangsu ) was the President of the Supreme People 's Court of the People 's Republic of China from March 2008 to March 2013 .
Oscar Branzani ( born 13 November 1989 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Italian Serie C club Barletta . He is called Giuseppe Barra
Daron Alcorn ( born May 12 , 1971 ) is a former American football placekicker who played eight seasons in the Arena Football League with the Portland Forest Dragons / Oklahoma Wranglers , San Jose SaberCats and Las Vegas Gladiators .
Frédéric Vervisch ( born 10 August 1986 in Kortrijk ) is a Belgian racing driver who currently races for Boutsen Ginion Racing in the Blancpain Endurance Series
Slobodan Inić ( born 1946 in Zrenjanin , Serbia , DF Yugoslavia - died June 22 , 2000 ) was a political commentator and professor of sociology at the University of Belgrade .
Ralph Burghart ( born 16 September 1966 ) is an Austrian figure skating coach and former competitor .
Harold Newton ( 1934 - 1994 ) was a central and founding member of the loose - knit group of African American artists known as the Florida Highwaymen .
Nicola Formichetti ( Italian pronunciation : ( niˈkɔːla formiˈketti ) ; born 31 May 1977 ) is an Italian - Japanese fashion director and fashion editor .
Avner Ben - Gal ( born 1966 ) is an international painter and artist , working mainly from Tel Aviv , Israel .
When Gerald Giampa was born on 4 March 1950 , his parents lived in a tent in Duncan , British Columbia .
Chen Xujing ( 陈序经,1903 - -1967 ) was a leading Chinese sociologist .
Sir Razik Fareed , OBE , JP , UM ( 29 December 1893 - 23 August 1984 ) , was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) landed proprietor , politician , diplomat and philanthropist .
Ion Dediu ( born 24 June 1934 in Rediul Mare , then Romania , now Moldova ) is a Moldovan biologist who is specialized in ecology and was Minister of Environment in 1990 - 1994 .
Ingo Rademacher ( born 22 April 1971 ) is a West German - born , US - based , Australian television actor , perhaps best known for his role of Jasper `` Jax '' Jacks on the American daytime soap opera General Hospital , which he has played almost continuously since the role 's inception in 1996 .
John Valone ( born 1951 , Chicago , Illinois ) , grew up in the Little Flower Parish of Chicago , a graduate of Little Flower High School and currently resides in Monee , Illinois .
Kenny Churchill ( born 10 May 1975 ) is a British athlete who competes in the javelin throw and shot put in the F37 category of Paralympic events .
Olcan Adın ( Turkish pronunciation : ( oɫd͡ʒan adɯn ) , born 30 September 1985 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a left back or winger for Süper Lig club Galatasaray .
Vic Hubbard ( born 18 November 1956 ) is an English former darts player .
Henry Danby Seymour ( 1 July 1820 -- 4 August 1877 ) was a British gentleman and Liberal Party politician .
Boris Banozic ( born 1969 ) studied architecture in Munich and at the Städelschule , Frankfurt ( Alumni ) in the class of Enric Miralles and Peter Cook .
Husik Santurjan ( 1920 -- February 1 , 2011 ) was an archbishop of the Armenian Apostolic Church .
Clara Tott , in other sources Clara Dett , Clara of Dettingen , Tettingen , or Clare Dettin ( c. 1440 -- 1520 ) , was a court singer associated with the Elector Palatine Frederick I , whom she is said to have secretly married .
Kevin Doolan ( born 30 November 1980 ) is an Australian motorcycle speedway rider , riding for Leicester Lions in the British Premier League for the 2013 season .
Lloyd Braun ( born 1958 ) is a television and Internet media executive who is currently the owner of entertainment company Whalerock Industries .
Valéria Szabó ( born 2 March 1983 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE and for the Hungarian national team .
Rüdiger Schleicher ( 14 January 1895 -- 23 April 1945 ) was a German resistance fighter against National Socialism .
Anton Vodnik ( 28 May 1901 -- 2 October 1965 ) was a Slovenian poet , art historian , and critic .
William Hals ( 1655 - -1737 ) , was a British historian who compiled a History of Cornwall , the first work of any magnitude that was ever printed in Cornwall .
Yuval Semo ( Hebrew : יובל סמו‎ ; born 20 June 1972 ) is an Israeli actor and comedian .
Barney Eastwood ( born 1932 , Cookstown , County Trone , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish boxing promoter and bookmaker .
Abasse Ndione ( born 16 December 1946 ) is a Senegalese author and nurse .
Darrien Wright ( born 26 April 1985 ) partnered Hollie Robertson in the second series of BBC One show Strictly Dance Fever .
Sheh Sze - man ( Charmaine Sheh ) ( born 28 May 1975 ) is a Hong Kong actress and a contracted artiste under TVB best known for acting in many television series produced by TVB since 1998 .
Jessica Palmer ( born 1953 ) is an American author who writes science fiction , fantasy , mystery and horror .
John Forbes - Sempill , 18th Lord Sempill ( 21 August 1863 -- 28 February 1934 ) was a Scottish peer , the 18th Lord Sempill and 9th Baronet of Craigievar .
Carl Schuster ( 1904 - -1969 ) was an American art historian who specialized in the study of traditional symbolism .
Isaac A. Broussard ( 1857 - -1923 ) shared with Carlo Listi the longest tenure of office -- sixteen years -- among all Lafayette Parish sheriffs in the state of Louisiana .
Adriaen Oudendijck ( 1677 , Haarlem -- 1704 , Haarlem ) , was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter .
Rasmus Jönsson ( born 27 January 1990 ) is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Danish Superliga club Aalborg Boldspilklub where he won the Danish `` Superliga '' in 2013/2014
François Vatel ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃swa vatɛl ) ) ( 1631 -- April 24 , 1671 ) was the majordomo ( in French , maître d'hôtel ) of Nicolas Fouquet and prince Louis II de Bourbon - Condé .
Benny Shalita ( Hebrew : בני שליטא‎‎ , born 13 November 1934 ) is an Israeli former politician , who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and 1988 , and as mayor of Menahemia from 1956 until 1992 .
Gongorjavyn Davaa - Ochir ( Mongolian : Гонгоржавын Даваа-Очир ; born 5 September 1977 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Yosef Goldman ( 1942 -- August 4 , 2015 ) was a scholar of American Jewish history and the co - author of the two - volume reference work , Hebrew Printing in America 1735 - 1926 :
Trisdee na Patalung ( Thai : ทฤษฎี ณ พัทลุง ; rtgs : Thritsadi Na Phatthalung ; born 9 March 1986 ) is a Thai composer and conductor .
Martin Gilbert Barrow , GBS , CBE , JP ( born 10 March 1944 ) was an appointed unofficial member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( 1988 - -95 ) and the Company Director of the Jardine Matheson Limited .
Usama Mir ( born 23 December 1995 ) is a Pakistani cricketer who has played for Khan Research Laboratories since the 2013 season , and also for the Sialkot Stallions Twenty20 franchise .
Koloman Bedeković ( Hungarian : Kálmán Bedekovich ; 13 October 1818 -- 10 August 1889 ) was a Croatian politician , who served as Minister without portfolio of Croatian Affairs twice : between 1868 - -1871 and between 1876 - -1889 .
Ian Sansom ( born 3 December 1966 in Essex , England ) is the author of the popular Mobile Library Mystery Series .
Lewis Ferry Moody ( 1880 - -1953 ) was an American engineer and professor , best known for the Moody chart , a diagram capturing relationships between several variables used in calculating fluid flow through a pipe .
Muhammad Yusuf Islahi ( born 9 July 1932 at Formalee , District - Attock ) is a popular writer on Islam .
Wang Zhongsi ( Chinese : 王忠嗣 ; 704?-748 ? ) , né Wang Xun ( 王訓 ) , was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty .
Willy Christian Simonsen ( 13 September 1913 -- 4 December 2003 ) was a Norwegian engineer and business founder .
Steinar Stokke ( born 8 October 1955 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and former civil servant , with prominent positions in the health sector .
John Richard Hardy ( 18 May 1807 -- 21 April 1858 ) was an English - born Australian pastoralist and gold commissioner .
Bert Göbel ( also Goebel ) ( born 14 July 1963 in Mönchengladbach ) is a retired German swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships .
Francisco José Lloreda Mera ( born 13 November 1965 ) is a Colombian lawyer , politician , writer , editor and newspaper director .
Richard Durand ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈritʃɑr dyˈrɑnt ) ; born 5 April 1976 ) is a Dutch Disc jockey and record producer .
Roman Yakub ( born 1958 ) is a composer who received his early musical training in Lviv , Ukraine .
Balthasar Gérard ( alternative spellings Gerards or Gerardts ; c. 1557 -- 14 July 1584 ) was the assassin of the Dutch independence leader , William I of Orange ( William the Silent ) .
Avril Elgar ( born 1 April 1932 ) is an English stage , radio and television actress .
Isabella Kelly , née Fordyce , also Isabella Hedgeland ( born at Cairnburgh Castle in the Scottish Highlands and baptised on 4 May 1759 -- died on June 25 , 1857 in London ) was a Scottish novelist and poet .
Stephen Stanko ( born 1968 ) , is a convicted murderer , who killed two people and raped a teenage girl in Murrells Inlet , South Carolina in 2005 .
Recha Sternbuch ( 1905 - -1971 ) , a Swiss woman of Polish heritage , an important Holocaust era Jewish rescuer .
Liane Carroll ( born 9 February 1964 in London ) is an English pianist / vocalist who lives in Hastings , East Sussex .
Franc Rode ( or Rodé ) , C.M. ( born 23 September 1934 ) , is a Slovenian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Sergio Zaniboni ( born 4 August 1937 ) is an Italian comics artist and writer .
Yeung Kwong , GBM ( 1926 -- 16 May 2015 ) was a Hong Kong Communist trade unionist and activist .
Jimmy Owen ( born 1864 ; date of death unknown ) was an English footballer for Port Vale and Stoke during the 1880s .
Grete Prytz Kittelsen ( born Margrethe Adelgunde Prytz ) ( 28 June 1917 , Oslo - 25 September 2010 , Oslo ) , was a Norwegian goldsmith , enamel artist , and designer .
Constant - Serge Bounda , ( born 1966 ) is a Congolese national and United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) Representative to the African Union , the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa ( UNECA ) and the Government of Ethiopia .
Thomas Strüngmann ( born 1950 ) founded generic drug maker Hexal AG ( $ 1.6 billion sales during 2004 ) in 1986 .
Tyson Slattery ( born 3 December 1990 ) is an Australian rules footballer who was drafted by Essendon in the fifth round of the 2008 AFL Draft .
Daniel Ben - Simon ( Hebrew : דניאל בן סימון‎ , born 29 April 1954 ) is an Israeli journalist and politician , who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between 2009 and 2013 .
Nikola Kalabić ( Serbian : Никола Калабић ; 1906 - -1946 ) was a Serbian Chetnik commander during World War II .
Sikandar Raza Butt ( Urdu : سکندر رضا‎ ; born 24 April 1986 in Sialkot , Punjab ) is a Pakistani - born Zimbabwean cricketer .
Hans Rösch ( born 24 December 1914 , date of death unknown ) was a West German bobsledder who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s .
Linda Lundström , O.Ont . , ( born 1952 ) is a Canadian fashion designer .
Željko Petrović ( Cyrillic : Жељко Петровић ; born 13 November 1965 ) is a retired Montenegrin footballer and current coach .
Professor Samuel Ratnajeevan Herbert Hoole ( born 15 September 1952 ; commonly known as Ratnajeevan Hoole ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil engineer and academic .
Eagle Pennell ( 28 July 1952 - 20 July 2002 ) was an American independent filmmaker .
Brian Rouff ( born 1955 ) is an American author , freelance journalist and advertising executive , best known for his Las Vegas - based novels Dice Angel ( 2002 ) and Money Shot ( 2004 ) , as well as his chapter in the Las Vegas collaborative serial mystery Restless City ( 2009 ) .
Sviatlana Siarova ( Belarusian : Сьвятлана Сярова ; born 21 August 1986 ) is a Belarusian athlete .
Andrew Bruce Holmes , AM FRS FAA FinstP ( born 5 September 1943 ) is an Australian and British senior research chemist and professor at the Bio21 Institute , Melbourne , Australia , and the President of the Australian Academy of Science .
Ian La Frenais , OBE ( born 7 January 1936 ) , is an English writer best known for his creative partnership with Dick Clement .
Felicia Chin Foon Ling ( born 24 October 1984 ) , who was also once known by her Chinese stage name Chen Jing Xuan is a Singaporean actress and contracted artiste under MediaCorp .
Lennox Raphael ( born 1939 in Trinidad , West Indies ) is a journalist , poet , and playwright .
Paul Kirtley ( born 17 January 1973 ) is a professional wilderness bushcraft instructor and noted writer on the subjects of Bushcraft , wilderness travel and survival .
Carman Lapointe ( born 1951 , in Canada ) was Under - Secretary - General for the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services ( OIOS ) from 2010 to 2015 .
Sandro Gotal ( born 9 September 1991 ) is an Austrian professional footballer of Croatian descent who plays as a striker , currently playing for Yeni Malatyaspor in the TFF First League .
Fatou Diome ( born 1968 in Niodior ) is a Senegalese writer , known for her bestselling novel The Belly of the Atlantic , published in 2001 .
Stanisław Stolarczyk , born 4 May 1949 in Poland , is a journalist , reporter , writer , and documentary of the Polish footprints in Canada .
Jamim Shah ( Nepali : जमिम शाह ) ( 1963 - -2010 ) was a Nepalese media entrepreneur and the chairman of Channel Nepal Pvt . Ltd. He was the pioneer of commercial cable television network in Nepal with over 1,000 kilometres of cable network .
Ruben Blommaert ( born 5 March 1992 ) is a German pair skater who currently skates with Mari Vartmann .
Niccolò Guicciardini Corsi Salviati ( born 28 May 1957 in Firenze ) is an Italian historian of mathematics .
Erianto ( born 1983 ) is an Indonesian visual artist born in Paladangan Agam , West Sumatra .
Geoffrey Irwin ( born 1941 ) is a professor of archaeology at the University of Auckland .
Ian A. Anderson ( born 26 July 1947 , Weston - super - Mare , England ) is an English magazine editor , folk musician and broadcaster .
Kaizer Lau Ping - cheung , SBS ( born 3 October 1951 , Chiu Chow , Guangdong , China ) is a surveyor and was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in 2000 - -04 for the Architectural , Surveying and Planning constituency and non executive director of the Urban Renewal Authority .
Noel Desmond Gray ( 26 December 1920 -- November 1999 ) was an Australian technician who , in 1963 , co - founded the medical electronics company Telectronics Pty Ltd.
Anne Mee , née Foldsone ( 1765 - -1851 ) was a fashionable English miniature painter of the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
Sanda Ladoși ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈsan.da ˈla.do.ʃi ) ; born 2 January 1970 , Târgu Mures ) is a Romanian singer .
Johann - Otto Krieg ( 14 March 1919 -- 2 January 1999 ) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II . He first served as 2nd watch officer on U-81 then under the command of Friedrich Guggenberger before taking command of the U - boat .
Ceri Morgan ( born 22 December 1947 in Treorchy , Glamorgan , Wales ) is a retired darts player .
Lee Yi Shyan ( simplified Chinese : 李奕贤 ; traditional Chinese : 李奕賢 ; pinyin : Lǐ Yìxián ; born 9 March 1962 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Anders Giæver ( born 27 August 1961 ) is a Norwegian journalist and author who has been commentator in VG since 2000 .
Ben Batger , ( born 20 March 1984 in Sydney , Australia ) is a professional rugby union footballer .
Douglas Knehans ( born 1957 , St. Louis , Missouri ) is an Australian / American composer and academic .
Michael Paraskevas ( Born in 1961 ) is an artist best known for creating Maggie and the Ferocious Beast .
Mallampalli Somasekhara Sarma ( Telugu : మల్లంపల్లి సోమశేఖర శర్మ ) ( 1891 -- January 7 , 1963 ) was an Indian historian , whose work mainly included forgotten history of Telugu kingdoms .
Melvin H. Smith , Q.C. ( 1934 - -2000 ) spent 31 years in the public service of British Columbia .
Ulrike Winter ( born 24 November 1940 ) is an Australian former fencer .
Thiago Xavier Rodrigues Corrêa ( born 27 December 1983 ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently playing in French Ligue 2 side ES Troyes AC . He formerly played for Botafogo and Cabofriense .
Bent Tomtum ( 6 February 1949 - 15 October 2001 ) was a Norwegian ski jumper who competed from 1968 to 1973 .
Joe Machine ( born Joseph Stokes , 6 April 1973 ) is an English artist , poet and writer .
Ben Morley ( born 20 December 1980 ) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Boston United and Hull City .
General Emilio Tafeng ( 1910 - 19 ? ? ) , also Emedio Tafeng , Emedio Tafeng Odongi , was the Commander In Chief of the Anyanya movement and a military commander in the First Sudanese Civil War , fighting on the side of Southern Sudan .
Hamdy el - Gazzar ( Arabic : حمدي الجزار‎ ; born 1 October 1970 ) is an Egyptian writer .
Mark Blundell ( born 8 April 1966 ) is a British racing driver who has competed in Formula One , sports car , and CART .
Draško Brguljan ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Драшко Бргуљан)(born 27 December 1984 ) is a Montenegrin water polo player who plays for Orvosegyetem SC in the Hungarian Championship .
Liú Jìngluò ( Chinese : 劉婧犖 ; 25 November 1985 ) , better known by her stage name Seira Ryū ( 劉セイラ Ryū Seira ) is a Chinese Japanese voice actress affiliated with Aoni Production .
Wigbert Fehse ( born 4 December 1937 ) is a German engineer and researcher in the area of automatic space navigation , guidance , control and docking / berthing .
Wale Ogunyemi , OFR ( 12 August 1939 - -December 2001 ) was a Nigerian veteran seasoned dramatist , film actor , prolific playwright and Yoruba language scholar
Thomas Firmin ( June 1632 -- 1697 ) was an English businessman and philanthropist , publisher and unitarian member of the Church of England .
Geoffrey Roberts ( born 1952 ) is a British historian of the Second World War .
Ian Cashmore ( born 28 May 1970 in Luton , Bedfordshire ) is a British television personality and Lincolnshire Scout Media Manager ( 2009 - 2012 ) specializing in paranormal phenomena .
Bruno Canfora ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈbruːno ˈkaɱfora ) ; born 6 November 1924 ) is an Italian composer , conductor , and music arranger .
Betsy Saina ( born 30 June 1988 ) is a Kenyan athlete in long distance running .
`` `` Dan Buettner '' '' ( born June 18 , 1960 in St. Paul , Minnesota ) is a National Geographic Fellow and New York Times bestselling author .
Admiral Sir Charles Tyler , GCB ( 1760 - 28 September 1835 ) was a British admiral who gained fame during the Napoleonic Wars as one of the Nelsonic Band of Brothers and a naval officer of great reputation and success who fought at the battles of Copenhagen and Trafalgar .
Mufti Mohammad Sayeed ( 12 January 1936 -- 7 January 2016 ) was a politician from the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Bernhard Eitel ( born 31 August 1959 in Baden ) is a German earth scientist and geographer .
Rancapino ( born Alonso Núñez Núñez , in 1945 ) is a Spanish flamenco singer .
Aziza Bennani ( born 1943 ) , is a Moroccan academic and politician .
Michelle Douglas ( born 1963 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian human rights activist who was involved in a landmark case around lesbian and gay equality rights in the Canadian military .
Tiffany Day ( born 1 February 1990 in Toowoomba , Queensland ) is an Australian judoka , who played for the extra - lightweight category .
Samidha Guru ( born 6 August 1980 ) is a Marathi film and television actress from Nagpur , India .
Air Marshal Narayan Menon ( born 27 September 1944 ) was a former Air Officer - in - Charge ( Personnel ) with the Indian Air Force .
Thakur Ram Singh ( 16 February 1915 -- 6 September 2010 ) was a veteran Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) pracharak from Himachal Pradesh , India , and the inspiration behind the Akhil Bharatiya Itihas Sankalan Yojana .
Eleonore Schoenfeld ( 1925 -- January 1 , 2007 ) is considered one of the most influential cellists of the 20th century .
Presley Thornton ( 1721 - December 8 , 1769 ) was a planter and public official in Colonial Virginia .
Edward Finney ( 1903 - -1983 ) was an American film producer and director .
Torger Reve ( born 31 March 1949 ) is a Norwegian economist , Professor at the BI Norwegian Business School and rector of the BI from 1997 to 2005 , particularly known for his work on marketing , distribution channels and interorganizational relations .
Susan Clough ( born 1945 ) was the personal executive secretary to President Jimmy Carter .
Erik Voake is an American filmmaker and photographer born in Yorba Linda , California in 1973 .
Norbert Meier ( born 20 September 1958 ) is a German former football player and current manager of Arminia Bielefeld .
Grzegorz Adam Urbanowski ( born 24 December 1959 in Pultusk ) , Polish ultramarathon racewalker .
Ge Guangrui ( 葛光锐 , Shanghai , 1929 ) is a Chinese composer .
Nina Bari was born in Russia on 19 November 1901 , the daughter of Olga and Karl Adolfovich Bari , a physician .
Edwina Hayes ( born 6 June 1973 , in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish born English singer - songwriter .
Hrvoje Šarinić ( pronounced ( xr̩̂ʋoje ʃǎrinit͡ɕ ) ; born 17 February 1935 ) is a former Croatian politician .
Andy Dixon ( born 25 August 1979 ) is a Canadian artist and musician , who gained notoriety as a member of the North Vancouver punk rock band d.b.s .
Esther Ibanga ( born 31 March 1961 ) is a Nigerian pastor and founder of the `` Women Without Walls Initiative '' .
Attila Csihar ( Hungarian : ( ˈɒtilːɒ ˈt͡ʃihɒr ) ; born 29 March 1971 ) , also sometimes known as Void , is a Hungarian black metal vocalist , best known for his vocal work on Mayhem 's De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas album .
Luján Fernández ( born 1985 ) is a former Argentine model , perhaps best known for her three - year run in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue .
Merle Terlesky ( born 1965 ) is a Canadian conservative activist , originally from Kamloops , British Columbia .
Assaf Abu Rahhal ( Arabic : عساف أبو رحال‎ ; 18 December 1955 -- 3 August 2010 ) was a veteran Lebanese journalist who was killed by the Israeli Defense Forces during the 2010 Israel--
Wu Yen - hsia or Wu Yanxia ( 1930 - -2001 ) was a Chinese t'ai chi ch'uan teacher of Manchu ancestry .
Ulysses Grant Groff ( 29 October 1865 -- 15 October 1950 ) was a large landowner and philanthropist noted for substantial donations to the City of Amherst , Massachusetts and to Amherst College .
Jang Su - jeong ( Korean : 장수정 hanja : 張修貞 ; born 13 March 1995 in Busan ) is a South Korean tennis player .
Roger Reeves , PhD ( ne Roger William Reeves ; born January 1980 New Jersey ) is an American poet .
Duccia Camiciotti ( 19 March 1928 -- 7 July 2014 ) was an Italian poet , writer and essayist .
Christopher Gordon Horsfall Simon JP ( 14 November 1914 -- 20 February 2002 ) , known as C. G. H. Simon , was a British General Commissioner of Income Tax .
Bill Townsend ( born 1964 ) is an entrepreneur who helped build several global companies , most notably search engine Lycos , social networking pioneer sixdegrees.com , whose intellectual property formed the basis of LinkedIn , GeoCities ( sold to Yahoo ! ) and Deja.com ( sold to Google and ebay ) .
Packard Jennings is an American artist ( b. 1970 ) who appropriates pop culture symbols and references to create new meaning using a variety of media including printmaking , sculpture , animation , video , and pamphleteering .
Keshavdas Mishra ( 1555 -- 1617 ) , usually known by the mononym Keshavdas or Keshavadasa , was a Sanskrit scholar and Hindi poet , best known for his Rasik Priya , a pioneering work of the riti kaal ( procedure period ) of Hindi literature .
Sean Landless ( born 1986 ) is an English actor who plays the lead role in the 2001 film , Gabriel & Me .
Damian Bourke ( born 19 January 1965 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for Australian Football League ( AFL ) clubs Geelong during the 1980s and Brisbane in the early 1990s .
Ehud Yatom ( Hebrew : אהוד יתום‎ , born 26 September 1948 ) is an Israeli former Shin Bet agent and politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Likud from 2003 until 2006 .
Dan Empfield ( born 1957 ) is an entrepreneur in the world of multisport , inventor of the triathlon wetsuit in 1987 , and the triathlon - specific racing bike in 1989 .
Rifat Artikov ( born 24 January 1983 , in Tashkent Region ) is an Uzbek decathlete .
Kakuji Inagawa ( 稲川 角二 Inagawa Kakuji ) , also known as Seijō Inagawa ( 稲川 聖城 Inagawa Seijō ; November 1914 -- December 22 , 2007 ) was a Japanese yakuza boss best known for founding the Inagawa - kai , Japan 's third - largest yakuza syndicate .
Chan Hin Kwong ( Chinese : 陳衍光 ; Jyutping : can4 hin2 gwong1 ; born 27 February 1988 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Yuen Long , as a Left - back .
Ren Hang ( Chinese : 任航 ; pinyin : Rén Háng ; born 23 February 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Suning in the Chinese Super League .
Enid Lakeman , OBE ( 28 November 1903 - 7 January 1995 ) was a British political reformer , writer and politician , noted for her long - standing championship of the Single Transferable Vote system of elections .
Jenny Downham ( born 1964 ) is a British novelist and an ex - actress .
Bobby Lounge ( born Dub Brock , 1950 ) is an American singer - songwriter from McComb , Mississippi , United States .
Richard Lloyd Parry ( born 1969 ) is a British foreign correspondent and writer .
Jin Liqun ( Chinese : 金立群 ; born August 1949 ) is a Chinese politician , banker , and professor .
Jamie Sandy ( born 18 January 1963 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s , playing at club level for Wests Panthers , Eastern Suburbs Tigers , Castleford , and Redcliffe Dolphins , as a Fullback , or Wing .
Anthony Yuen ( Chinese : 阮次山 ; pinyin : Ruǎn Cìshān ; born 1946 ) , is a Chinese American editor and anchor on the Hong Kong - based television and media station Phoenix Television .
Kieron Lloyd Junior Minto - St Aimie ( born 4 May 1989 ) , known as Kieron St Aimie , is an English Professional footballer who plays for Welling United as a striker having signed for them in the summer of 2014 .
Park Hyun - sun ( born 22 January 1988 ) is a South Korean synchronized swimmer .
Kathleen Gibson ( born Kitty Stride , 1916 ) is a former British actress .
Ernesto Bertarelli ( born 22 September 1965 ) is an Italian - born Swiss businessman and philanthropist .
Jeong Shung - hoon ( Hangul : 정성훈 ; born 4 July 1979 ) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays for Gimhae FC as striker .
Salman Al - Moasher ( born 5 October 1988 ) is a football player for Al - Ahli in the Saudi Premier League .
Vice Admiral Sir Alan Grose KBE ( born 24 September 1937 ) is a former Royal Navy officer who became Flag Officer , Plymouth .
Kadri Prishtina ( 1878 - -1925 ) , also referred as Hoxha Kadri , was an Albanian political figure of the early ' 20s .
Gerard Maguire ( born 1945 ) is an Australian stage , voice artist and television actor , best known for his role as Deputy Governor Jim Fletcher in Prisoner .
Professor David S. Oderberg ( born 1963 ) is an Australian philosopher of metaphysics and ethics based in Britain since 1987 .
Alison Jiear ( born 6 May 1965 ) is a popular cabaret artist and musical theatre performer on the London cabaret circuit .
Garry Schyman ( born 1954 ) is an American film , television , and video game music composer .
Efraim Halevy ( Hebrew : אפרים הלוי‎ ; born 2 December 1934 ) is a lawyer and an Israeli intelligence expert .
Oktay Kaynarca ( b. 27 January 1965 in Malatya ) Turkish actor .
Joanne Calderwood ( born 23 December 1986 ) is a Scottish Muay Thai champion and mixed martial artist who competes in the Women 's Strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Liam Coyle ( born 21 May 1968 ) is a former Northern Irish footballer .
Andre Crawford ( born 20 March 1962 ) is an American convicted serial killer , who killed 11 women between 1993 to 1999 .
Gro Steinsland ( born 1945 ) is a Norwegian scholar of medieval studies and history of religion and since August 2009 has been the Scientific Director of the Centre for Advanced Study at the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters .
Alex Bag ( born 1969 ) is an artist working primarily in video .
Theophilus Hastings , 9th Earl of Huntingdon ( 12 November 1696 -- 13 October 1746 ) was the son of Theophilus Hastings , 7th Earl of Huntingdon and Mary Frances Fowler .
Daniel Boone May ( 1852 -- 1878 ) , known as Boone May , was an American gunfighter , of the Black Hills of South Dakota .
Jay Blumler ( born 1924 ) is an American - born theorist of communication and media .
Guiniforte Solari ( c. 1429 -- c. 1481 ) , also known as Boniforte , was an Italian sculptor , architect and engineer .
Arturo Varvelli ( Turin , 1976 ) is a researcher at ISPI ( Italian Institute for International Political Studies ) .
Ron Bottitta ( born 25 December 1960 ) is a British actor appearing in theatre and minor roles in both television and film .
Tex Brashear ( born 2 January 1955 ) is a voice actor , who after a career in radio in Texas , Arizona , and Los Angeles , made the transition into voice acting .
Rabi Maharaj ( born 8 August 1947 ) is Trinidadian - born bestselling Indian author .
Anthony John Gledhill GC ( born 10 March 1938 in Doncaster ) , known as Tony Gledhill , won the George Cross for the heroism he displayed on 25 August 1966 in chasing and subduing armed criminals .
Yusuf Nabi ( 1642 -- 10 April 1712 ) was a Turkish Divan poet of Kurdish origin in the court of Mehmet IV . He was famous for `` his brilliant lyrics filled with popular sayings and critiques of the age and verses commemorating innumerable important occasions . ''
David Gelbaum ( born in c. 1950 ) is an American businessman and primarily green technology investor and environmental philanthropist .
Marc Phillips ( born 8 December 1953 ) is a Welsh charity manager and former politician .
Rolf Majcen ( born 1966 ) is a Lower Austrian economist - lawyer , writer and extreme sports athlete .
Pam Rhodes ( born 22 September 1950 ) is an English television presenter best known for presenting the BBC television long - running religious series Songs of Praise .
Sir William Harold Webbe , CBE , DL ( 30 September 1885 -- 22 April 1965 ) was a British politician .
Phyllis Crawford ( February 8 , 1899 -- July 1980 ) was , during the 1930s and 1940s , a celebrated author of books for children in their early teens .
GNU Guile is the preferred extension system for the GNU Project , which features an implementation of the Scheme programming language .
Crystal Monsters , originally released in Japan in 2008 as Monster Chronicles for mobile phones , is a role - playing video game developed by Gameloft for Nintendo DSiWare .
Swaham ( My Own ) ( 1994 ) is an award - winning feature film directed by Shaji N. Karun .
Ondu Muttina Kathe ( Kannada : ಒಂದು ಮುತ್ತಿನ ಕಥೆ , English : Story of a Pearl ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film directed by Shankar Nag , starring Rajkumar in the lead role .
Irving J. Moore , later with Gunsmoke , began his career as a director on two episodes of Tales of the Texas Rangers .
A Woman 's Wit is a 1910 silent short film directed by Joseph A. Golden .
In the Days of Buffalo Bill is a 1922 American western film serial directed by Edward Laemmle .
The Original of the Forgery ( Serbian : Original falsifikata ) is a 1991 Yugoslav drama film directed by Dragan Kresoja .
We Went to College is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and written by Richard Maibaum and Maurice Rapf .
Odessa in Flames ( Romanian : Odessa în flăcări ) ( Italian : Odessa in fiamme ) is a 1942 Italian - Romanian film directed by Carmine Gallone .
The Last Days of Colonel Savath is a 1995 Cambodian short film drama directed by Norodom Sihanouk .
A Talking Cat ! ? ! is a 2013 independent children 's film that was directed by David DeCoteau .
Lethal Film ( Swedish : Livsfarlig film ) is a 1988 Swedish drama film directed by Suzanne Osten .
Lies and Lullabies is an award - winning Rod Hardy - directed 1993 ABC television movie about a pregnant cocaine addict , played by Susan Dey .
Blind Horizon is a 2003 conspiracy mystery thriller film directed by Michael Haussman .
A Serpentine Dance ( French : Danse Serpentine ) was an 1896 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Three Crowns of the Sailor ( French : Les Trois couronnes du matelot ) is a 1983 French fantasy film directed by Raúl Ruiz .
Dance , Girl , Dance is a film released in 1940 and directed by Dorothy Arzner .
Some May Live is a 1967 British war film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Peter Cushing , Joseph Cotten and Martha Hyer .
Dhruvam ( Malayalam : ധ്രുവം , English : Certainly ) is a 1993 Malayalam thriller film directed by Joshiy , where story and dialogue were by A.K.Sajan and screenplay by A.K.Sajan and S.N.Swami .
Stake Land is a 2010 American vampire horror film in the zombie apocalypse vein directed by Jim Mickle and starring Nick Damici , who cowrote the script with Mickle .
June 17th , 1994 is a documentary film by Brett Morgen released as part of ESPN 's 30 for 30 series .
Three - Ring Marriage is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Marshall Neilan and starring Mary Astor , Lloyd Hughes and Lawford Davidson .
Deadly Relations is a 1993 American television film directed by Bill Condon .
Fløjtespilleren is a 1953 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks .
It Happened in the Park ( Italian : Villa Borghese ) is a 1953 film directed by Vittorio de Sica and Gianni Franciolini .
Hercules Against the Mongols ( Italian : Maciste contro i mongoli ) is a 1963 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella .
A Very Honorable Guy is a 1934 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Earl Baldwin .
We Ca n't Live Without Cosmos ( Russian : Mi ne mozhem zhit bez kosmosa ) is a 2014 Russian animated short film directed and written by Konstantin Bronzit .
Uppu ( Malayalam : ഉപ്പ് , English : Salt , French : Le Sel ) is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film directed by V. K. Pavithran and written by K. M. A. Rahim .
Compressed Hare is a Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Chuck Jones and featuring Bugs Bunny and Wile E. Coyote ( in their fourth pairing ) , released on July 29 , 1961 .
Postmen in the Mountains ( Chinese : 那山那人那狗 ; pinyin : Nàshān nàrén nàgǒu ; literally : `` That Mountain , That Man , That Dog '' ) is a 1999 Chinese film directed by Huo Jianqi .
They Came to Blow Up America is a 1943 American war spy film based on the World War II Operation Pastorius , directed by Edward Ludwig .
An Odyssey of the North is a 1914 American adventure film directed by Hobart Bosworth and written by Hettie Grey Baker and Hobart Bosworth .
Rehearsing a Dream is a short documentary directed and produced by four time Academy Award nominees Karen Goodman and Kirk Simon .
The Third Kiss ( Spanish : El tercer beso ) is a 1942 Argentine romantic drama film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Pedro López Lagar , Silvia Legrand and Amelia Bence .
The Unpainted Woman is a 1919 American drama film directed by Tod Browning that is based upon a story by Sinclair Lewis .
Serial Teachers 2 ( French : The Profs 2 / Les Profs 2 ) is a 2015 French comedy film directed by Pierre - François Martin - Laval .
The First Mass ( Portuguese : A Primeira Missa ) is a 1961 Brazilian drama film directed by Lima Barreto , based on Nair Lacerda 's short story `` Nhá Colaquinha Cheia de Graça '' .
The Ghost and Mr. Chicken was directed by Alan Rafkin with a screenplay by Jim Fritzell and Everett Greenbaum ; all three men had been associated with the success of The Andy Griffith Show .
Don Olsen kommer til byen is a 1964 Danish comedy film directed by Anker Sørensen .
Happy Tears is an American independent comedy - drama film by Mitchell Lichtenstein .
Bye Bye Braverman is a 1968 American comedy film directed by Sidney Lumet .
Live Feed is a 2006 horror film directed by Ryan Nicholson and starring Kevan Ohtsji , Taayla Markell and Stephen Chang .
A Slight Case of Murder is a 1938 comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon .
Better Than Chocolate is a 1999 Canadian romantic comedy movie shot in Vancouver directed by Anne Wheeler .
Orange Mittai ( English : Orange candy ) is a 2015 Indian Tamil comedy film co - written and directed by Biju Viswanath .
What Iva Recorded ( Croatian : Što je Iva snimila 21 . listopada 2003 . , lit . What Iva Recorded On 21 October 2003 ) is a 2005 Croatian comedy - drama film directed by Tomislav Radić .
Occupy Unmasked is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Stephen Bannon and produced by David Bossie , which is critical of the Occupy movement and was produced by Citizens United Productions .
Pursuit of Equality is a 2005 documentary film directed by Geoff Callan and Mike Shaw , about the struggle of same - sex couples for marriage equality in the United States .
The Tough Ones ( Finnish : Häjyt ) is a 1999 Finnish film directed by Aleksi Mäkelä .
The Night Club is a 1925 American comedy silent film directed by Paul Iribe and Frank Urson and written by Cecil B. DeMille , Keene Thompson , Walter Woods and William C. deMille .
Rakta Sindhuram ( Telugu : రక్త సింధూరం ) is a 1985 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy .
The Missourians is a 1950 American Western film directed by George Blair and written by Arthur E. Orloff .
The Wretches Are Still Singing ( Greek : Τα Κουρέλια Τραγουδάνε Ακόμα ... , tr . Ta Kourelia Tragoudane Akoma ... ) is a 1979 Greek dramatic experimental independent surrealist underground art film directed by Nikos Nikolaidis .
Christmas Rathri is a 1961 Indian Malayalam film , directed and produced by P. Subramaniam and was filmed at Merryland Studio .
He Named Me Malala is a 2015 American documentary film directed by Davis Guggenheim .
Vi arme syndere ( English : Us Petty Sinners ) is a 1952 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and Ole Palsbo .
Pelli Peetalu ( English : Wedding Seats ) is a 1998 Telugu romantic comedy produced by V. B. Rajendra Prasad on Jagapati Art Pictures banner , directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy .
Letters from Alou ( Spanish : Las cartas de Alou ) is 1990 Spanish film directed and written by Montxo Armendáriz .
Go Goa Gone is a 2013 Hindi zombie comedy film directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K ..
The Emperor 's Nightingale ( Czech : Císařův slavík ) is a 1949 Czechoslovak animated film directed by Jiří Trnka and Miloš Makovec .
Mob Queen is an American romantic comedy released in 1998 , directed by Jon Carnoy and written by Mike Horelick .
Thun Man Handiya ( Sinhala , Three Way Junction ) is a 1970 dramatic film made by Sri Lankan artist Mahagama Sekera .
The Reenactment ( Romanian : ' Reconstituirea ' ) is a 1968 black - and - white film by Romanian director Lucian Pintilie .
Wake Up , Girls ! is an anime series produced by Ordet and Tatsunoko Production and directed by Yutaka Yamamoto .
Tom in America is a short film by writer - director Flavio Alves , starring Academy Award nominees Burt Young and Sally Kirkland .
Roman Holiday is a 1953 American romantic comedy directed and produced by William Wyler .
Zehreela Insaan ( Toxic Human ) is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Puttanna Kanagal and produced by Virendra Sinha .
Hear Me Good is a 1957 American comedy film written and directed by Don McGuire .
The Kibitzer is a 1930 American comedy film directed by Edward Sloman and written by Marion Dix , Sam Mintz , Edward G. Robinson , Viola Brothers Shore and Jo Swerling .
Beyond Justice / Desert Law / Law of the Desert / Maktub , Law of the Desert is a 1992 Italian film directed by Duccio Tessari that was shot in Morocco .
Look Both Ways is a 2005 Australian independent film , written and directed by Sarah Watt , starring an ensemble cast , which was released on 18 August 2005 .
How Funny ( This Country Is ) ( Indonesian : Alangkah Lucunya ( Negeri Ini ) ) is a 2010 Indonesian comedy film directed by Deddy Mizwar .
Vegetarian Cannibal ( Croatian : Ljudožder vegetarijanac ) is a 2012 Croatian drama film directed by Branko Schmidt .
Iron Monkey 2 is a 1996 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chao Lu - jiang and featuring action choreography by Yuen Woo - ping .
The Trapp Family in America ( German : Die Trapp - Familie in Amerika ) is a 1958 West German comedy drama film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Ruth Leuwerik , Hans Holt , and Josef Meinrad .
That Night ! is a 1957 American drama film directed by John Newland and written by Jack Rowles and Robert Wallace .
The Designated Victim ( Italian : La vittima designata , also known as Slam Out ) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Lucidi .
Kaadu Kudure ( Kannada : ಕಾಡು ಕುದುರೆ ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada drama film directed , written and composed by Chandrashekhara Kambara and produced by Wheel Productions .
South of Heaven , West of Hell is a 2000 American Western film starring Dwight Yoakam , who also co - wrote , directed , and scored the movie .
Qué hombre tan sin embargo is a 1967 Mexican comedy - drama film directed by Julián Soler and produced by Gregorio Walerstein .
Marecek , Pass Me the Pen ! ( Czech : Marečku , podejte mi pero ! ) is a 1976 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský .
Pelle viva ( Scorched Skin ) is a 1962 Italian drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Fina .
Pokkiri ( English : Rogue ) is a 2007 Tamil action film directed by Prabhu Deva .
The Striker with Number 9 ( Greek : Η Φανέλα με το `` 9 '' , translit . I fanela me to ' 9 ' ) is a 1989 Greek drama film directed by Pantelis Voulgaris .
Treeless Mountain ( Hangul : 나무없는 산 ; RR : Namueopneun San ) is a 2008 South Korean drama film written and directed by So Yong Kim .
Weddings and Babies is a 1960 film directed , produced , and written by independent filmmaker Morris Engel .
No One 's Son ( Croatian : Ničiji sin ) is a 2008 Croatian film directed by Arsen Anton Ostojić .
Azhagai Irukkirai Bayamai Irukkirathu ( also known as AIBI ; Tamil : அழகாய் இருக்கிறாய் பயமாய் இருக்கிறது ; English : You look beautiful , ( so ) I 'm scared ! ) is a 2006 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by cinematographer - turned - director S.D. Vijay Milton .
Cheolindo is a 1930 Korean film written , directed by and starring Na Woon - gyu .
Kill Me Three Times is a 2014 American - Australian black comedy thriller film directed by Kriv Stenders .
Hospitals Do n't Burn Down is a 1978 short dramatised documentary film directed by Brian Trenchard - Smith about a fire at a hospital .
Tears of April ( Finnish : Käsky ) is a 2008 Finnish war drama film directed by Aku Louhimies .
Down in the Delta is a 1998 drama film directed by Maya Angelou .
Naga Phasa ( Odia : ନାଗଫାଶ ) is a 1977 Indian Oriya film directed by Basant Nayak .
Our Hearts Were Growing Up is a 1946 American comedy film directed by William D. Russell and written by Melvin Frank , Norman Panama and Frank Waldman .
A Perfect Gentleman ( Swedish : En perfekt gentleman ) is a 1927 Swedish silent drama film directed by Vilhelm Bryde and Gösta Ekman and starring Ekman , La Jana and Karin Swanström .
Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham ( English : For the wise man , even grass is a weapon ) is an Indian Tamil action comedy film directed by comedian Srinath , released by Studio Green on 10 May 2014 .
Close Range ( formerly known as Dust Up ) is a 2015 American action thriller film directed by Isaac Florentine , and starring Scott Adkins , Nick Chinlund , Jake La Botz , and Tony Perez .
Első kétszáz évem is a 1985 Hungarian drama film directed by Gyula Maár .
Guests Who Arrived on the Last Train ( Hangul : 막차로 온 손님들 ; RR : Makcharo on sonnimdeul ) is a 1967 South Korean film directed by Yu Hyun - mok .
Long Vacations of 36 ( Spanish : Las largas vacaciones del 36 ) is a 1976 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Camino dealing with the effects of Spanish Civil War on a bourgeois family trapped by the conflict in a tourist village near Barcelona .
Killer Adios ( also known as Killer Goodbye , Winchester Justice ad Winchester One of One Thousand ) is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western directed by Primo Zeglio .
Snapshot of a Crime ( Italian : Istantanea per un delitto ) is a 1975 Italian giallo film written and directed by Mario Imperoli ( here credited as Arthur Saxon ) .
Rigoletto e la sua tragedia ( i. e. `` Rigoletto and His Tragedy '' , also known just as Rigoletto ) is a 1956 Italian musical drama film written and directed by Flavio Calzavara and starring Luciano Tajoli and Jula De Palma .
Tango Feroz : la leyenda de Tanguito ( Spanish : Wild tango : the legend of Tanguito ) is a 1993 Argentine drama musical film directed by Marcelo Piñeyro .
Paramparça is a 1985 Turkish action film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Tarik Akan , Gülsen Bubikoglu , and Cüneyt Arkin .
The Gay Parisian is an American short film produced in 1941 by Warner Bros. and directed by Jean Negulesco .
The Little Wheedlers ( or Les petits câlins ) is a French comedy film directed by Jean - Marie Poiré .
André and Ursula is a 1955 West German drama film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Ivan Desny , Elisabeth Müller and Walter Clemens .
Mask of Dust , released in the United States as A Race for Life , is a 1954 British drama film directed by Terence Fisher .
The Night the Prowler ( aka . Patrick White 's The Night the Prowler ) is a 1978 Australian film produced by Anthony Buckley and directed by Jim Sharman and written by Patrick White .
Kanda Naal Mudhal ( English : From the day I saw you ) is a 2005 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by newcomer V. Priya , who had earlier assisted Mani Ratnam .
Det kære legetøj ( The Dear Toy , also known as Danish Blue ) , made in 1968 by director Gabriel Axel , is a Danish feature film advocating the legalizing of pornography .
Soft Shoulders , Sharp Curves ( German : Die Auto - Nummer - Sex auf Rädern ) is an erotic , comedy film directed by Gabriel Axel and Richard R. Rimmel , and released in 1972 .
Why Sailors Go Wrong is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by Henry Lehrman and written by Randall Faye and Delos Sutherland .
Desh Premee ( English translation The Patriot ) is a 1982 Hindi film directed by Manmohan Desai .
Sing , Cowboy , Sing is a 1937 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury , one of Tex Ritter 's singing cowboy film series for Grand National Films .
Panchamrutham is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by EK Thyagarajan .
Spike Up is a 2007 Australian short film , written and directed by award winning film - maker Anthony Maras , and produced in association with the Australian Film Commission , the Adelaide Film Festival Investment Fund and the South Australian Film Corporation .
Thambi Durai ( Tamil : தம்பிதுரை ) is a 1997 Indian Tamil film , directed by Senthilnathan and produced by K. Santhamani .
The Central Park Five is a 2012 documentary film about the Central Park jogger case , directed by documentary filmmaker Ken Burns , his daughter Sarah Burns , and her husband David McMahon .
Last Wedding is a 2001 Canadian comedy drama film written and directed by Bruce Sweeney .
Kola Kolaya Mundhirika ( Tamil : கொல கொலயா முந்திரிக்கா ) is a 2010 Tamil comedy film written by Crazy Mohan and directed by Madhumitha .
Picture Claire is a 2001 thriller film directed by Bruce McDonald of a screenplay by Semi Chellas .
To Mary - with Love is a 1936 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and written by Richard Sherman and Howard Ellis Smith .
Can not Live Without You ( Chinese : 不能没有你 ) is a 2009 Taiwanese film directed by Leon Dai , a professional Taiwanese actor .
Utkarsha ( Kannada : ಉತ್ಕರ್ಷ ) is a 1990 Kannada movie by Sunil Kumar Desai starring Devraj .
Okariki Okaru ( Telugu : ఒకరికి ఒకరు , English : Each for the other ) is a classical Indian movie directed by Director - turned - Cinematographer Rasool Ellore .
The 56-minute Gold Raiders was economically filmed in five days by director Edward Bernds , who also directed several of the Stooges ' shorts .
Un jour mon prince ! is an upcoming 2016 French - Canadian comedy film directed by Flavia Coste .
Krishna Nee Kunidaga is a 1989 Indian Kannada romantic - drama film written , directed and produced by Dwarakish .
Mr. Untouchable is an English language documentary film for HDNet Films , directed by Marc Levin , and produced by Mary - Jane Robinson .
His Father 's Rifle is a 1915 American silent short drama directed by Edward LeSaint and written by Joseph F. Poland .
Mississippi Hare is a 1949 Looney Tunes cartoon short directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese .
Flight 7500 is a 2014 American supernatural horror film directed by Takashi Shimizu , from a screenplay by Craig Rosenberg .
The Spring has few online references and did not break director John Patterson out of television directing , where he found most of his success .
Il criminale , internationally known as Night Train to Milan , is a 1962 Italian thriller film directed by Marcello Baldi .
Crying Ladies is a 2003 Filipino film directed by Mark Meily , and winner of Best Picture in the 2003 Metro Manila Film Festival .
Kabhi Na Kabhi is a 1998 Bollywood crime film co - written and directed by Priyadarshan .
Jaanisaar is a 2015 Indian film , directed by Muzaffar Ali , and written by Javed Siddiqui , Shama Zaidi and Muzaffar Ali .
The Public Pays is a 1936 short crime film directed by Errol Taggart .
A Wave , a WAC and a Marine is an American 1944 musical comedy film directed by Phil Karlson ( his directorial debut ) for low - budget Monogram Pictures .
While Brian G. Hutton ended up as the final director , originally , High Road to China was helmed by John Huston , before being replaced by Sidney J. Furie .
First Comes Courage is a 1943 American war film , the final film directed by Dorothy Arzner , one of the few female directors in Hollywood at the time .
The Correspondence ( Italian : La corrispondenza ) is an English - language Italian romantic film directed by Giuseppe Tornatore .
Imsai Arasan 23rd Pulikecei ( English : The King of Torture , Pulikecei the 23rd ) is a 2006 Indian Tamil historical - comedy film written and directed by Chimbu Deven .
Caloola , or The Adventures of a Jackeroo is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe based on a novel published the previous year by Clement Pratt .
Week - End with Father is a 1951 film directed by Douglas Sirk .
The Reckless Moment is a 1949 American film noir melodrama directed by Max Ophüls , produced by Walter Wanger , and released by Columbia Pictures with Burnett Guffey as cinematographer .
Reel Injun is a 2009 Canadian documentary film directed by Cree filmmaker Neil Diamond , Catherine Bainbridge , and Jeremiah Hayes that explores the portrayal of Native Americans in film .
La Gran final ( English : The Great Match ) is a 2006 film directed by Gerardo Olivares .
Chakkarayumma is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Sajan and produced by Jagan Appachan .
Love and Savagery is a Canadian - Irish drama film , directed by John N. Smith and released in 2009 .
Big Bad Wolves ( Hebrew : מי מפחד מהזאב הרע‎ , Mi mefakhed mehaze'ev hara , direct translation : `` Who is scared of the bad wolf '' ) is a 2013 Israeli black comedy horror - thriller film written and directed by Aharon Keshales and Navot Papushado .
Anegan ( English : Multiple Single Person ) is a 2015 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film directed by K. V. Anand .
An Air So Pure or Un air si pur ... is a 1997 French comedy - drama film directed by Yves Angelo .
Olangal is a 1982 Indian film in Malayalam directed by Balu Mahendra .
If You Believe It , It 's So is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by Tom Forman and written by Perley Poore Sheehan and Waldemar Young .
The Dogwalker is a 2001 film directed and produced by Jacques Thelemaque , starring Diane Gaidry ( Ellie Moore ) and Pamela Gordon ( Betsy Wright ) .
Love Wrecked ( also known as Temptation Island internationally ) is a 2005 film directed by Randal Kleiser .
Una Jaula no tiene secretos ( A cage has no secrets ) is a 1962 Spanish - Argentine comedy film directed by Agustín Navarro .
The Summer of Ben Tyler is a 1996 television film directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman .
Dhoop Chhaon is a 1935 Hindi movie directed by Nitin Bose .
The Mind of Mr. Reeder is a 1939 British , black - and - white , crime , mystery , directed by Jack Raymond and starring Ronald Shiner as Sam Hackett .
Sympathy in Summer is a 1971 film directed by Antony I. Ginnane when he was a 19-year - old university student .
The Kaiser , the Beast of Berlin ( also known as The Beast of Berlin and The Kaiser ) was a 1918 American silent war propaganda melodrama film written by , directed by , and starring Rupert Julian .
Thundering Dawn is an American silent film directed and produced by Harry Garson .
Paruthiveeran ( Tamil : பருத்திவீரன் ) is a 2007 Indian Tamil romantic - drama film written and directed by Ameer Sultan .
Angaar ( English : Fire ) is an Indian Hindi crime drama film directed by Shashilal K. Nair , released on 1 September 1992 .
Five Days to Live is a 1922 American drama film directed by Norman Dawn and featuring Sessue Hayakawa , Tsuru Aoki , Goro Kino , Misao Seki , Toyo Fujita and George Kuwa .
Love in the 1980s ( Chinese : 1980年代的愛情 ) is a 2015 Chinese period romance film directed by Huo Jianqi and based on a novel by Ye Fu .
On a le temps ( English : We 've Time ) is a drama film directed and co - written by Abdolreza Kahani .
Passionless Moments is a 1983 short Australian drama film written and directed by Jane Campion and Gerard Lee .
Aalayamani ( English title : Temple bell ) is a 1962 Tamil language drama film directed by K. Shankar .
The Cloud Rider is a 1925 silent action adventure aviation film directed by Bruce M. Mitchell and starring Al Wilson and Virginia Lee Corbin .
Miss Susie Slagle 's is a 1946 film directed by John Berry .
Abhilasha ( Telugu : అభిలాష , English : Desire ) is a 1983 Telugu film , directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and was produced by K.S. Rama Rao .
An Act of Murder ( also known as Live Today for Tomorrow and I Stand Accused ) is a 1948 American crime film directed by Michael Gordon .
Zigano is a 1925 French - German silent crime film directed by Gérard Bourgeois and Harry Piel and starring Piel , Denise Legeay and Dary Holm .
The Levenger Tapes is a 2011 American horror - thriller film written and directed by Mark Edwin Robinson .
Shaadi Karke Phas Gaya Yaar ( Hindi : शादी करके फँस गया यार , Urdu : شادی کر کے پھنس گیا یار‎ ) is a Bollywood film directed by K. S. Adhiyaman best known for directing Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam ( 2002 ) .
Oh , to Be on the Bandwagon ! ( Danish : Man sku være noget ved musikken ) is a 1972 Danish drama film directed by Henning Carlsen .
Lasa eta Zabala is a 2014 Spanish film directed by Pablo Malo regarding the killing of Lasa and Zabala .
Mr. Reliable is a 1996 film directed by Nadia Tass .
As Long as You 're Near Me ( German : Solange Du da bist ) is a 1953 West German drama film directed by Harald Braun .
Adventures of Robinson Crusoe , a Sailor from York ( Czech : Dobrodružství Robinsona Crusoe , námořníka z Yorku ) is a 1982 Czechoslovak stop motion - animated film , with animated flashbacks , directed by Stanislav Látal .
Zelly and Me is a 1988 American drama film written , directed and produced by Tina Rathborne .
David Holzman 's Diary is a 1967 American film , directed by Jim McBride , which interrogates the art of documentary - making .
`` Home Soil '' is one of five episodes of the series directed by Corey Allen .
The Devil 's Chaplain is a 1929 American romance film directed by Duke Worne , written by Arthur Hoerl and George Bronson Howard and featuring Boris Karloff .
Do n't Cry Mommy ( Hangul : 돈 크라이 마미 ; RR : Don keurai Mami ) is a 2012 South Korean crime drama film directed by Kim Yong - han .
Bar 20 Rides Again is a 1935 American Western film directed by Howard Bretherton and written by Gerald Geraghty and Doris Schroeder .
How to Die in Oregon is a 2011 American documentary film produced and directed by Peter Richardson .
The Orphan of Anyang is a 2001 Chinese film from Sixth Generation writer - director Wang Chao .
Rancho Deluxe is a contemporary western film that was directed by Frank Perry and released in 1975 .
Introducing Dorothy Dandridge is a television film directed by Martha Coolidge .
Richard Oswald penned the tale which blended Doyle 's original story and Der Hund von Baskerville and Rudolf Meinert was tasked with the direction .
The Sudden Loneliness of Konrad Steiner ( German : Die plötzliche Einsamkeit des Konrad Steiner ) is a 1976 Swiss drama film directed by Kurt Gloor .
Summer Bachelors is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy produced and directed by Allan Dwan .
Cisplatina Province or Cisplatine Province ( Portuguese : Província Cisplatina ) was a Brazilian province in existence from 1821 to 1828 created by the Luso - Brazilian annexation of the Oriental Province .
SDRC was purchased by EDS in 2001 for a reported $ 950 million .
The Comptroller of the Treasury was an official of the United States Department of the Treasury from 1789 to 1817 .
In 2001 , MicroProse ceased to exist as an entity and Hasbro Interactive sold the MicroProse intellectual properties to Infogrames Entertainment , SA . The MicroProse UK 's former main office in Chipping Sodbury was closed in 2002 , followed by the company 's former headquarters in Hunt Valley , Maryland in 2003 .
In August 2008 , as a part of the district reform in Saxony , the districts of Delitzsch and Torgau - Oschatz were merged into the new district Nordsachsen .
The Blue Division faced a major Soviet attempt to break the siege of Leningrad in February 1943 , when the 55th Army of the Soviet forces , reinvigorated after the victory at Stalingrad , attacked the Spanish positions at the Battle of Krasny Bor , near the main Moscow - Leningrad road .
Disagreements with the Spanish government led American and English settlers between the Mississippi and Perdido Rivers to declare that area the independent Republic of West Florida in 1810 .
Prince - Bishopric of Montenegro was аn ecclesiastical principality that existed from 1696 until 1852 .
Cadix was a World War II clandestine intelligence center at Uzès , on the Mediterranean coast in southern France , from September 1940 to 9 November 1942 .
Delage was a French luxury automobile and racecar company founded in 1905 by Louis Delage in Levallois - Perret near Paris ; it was acquired by Delahaye in 1935 and ceased operation in 1953 .
In 2001 , COGEMA was merged with Framatome and CEA Industrie to form the larger group Areva ; the subsidiary 's name was changed to Areva NC in March 2006 .
In October 1920 British Bank of Northern Commerce merged with C.J. Hambro & Sons , with the combined bank taking the name Hambros Bank of Northern Commerce .
The Armenian Oblast or Armenian Province ( Armenian : Հայկական մարզ , Russian : Армянская область ) was an oblast ( province ) of the Russian Empire that existed from 1828 to 1840 .
The Ahom kingdom ( /ˈɑːhɑːm , ˈɑːhəm/ , 1228 - -1826 ) was a kingdom in the Brahmaputra Valley in Assam , India that maintained its sovereignty for nearly 600 years and successfully resisted Mughal expansion in Northeast India .
From 1657 to 1738 Merseburg was the residence of the Dukes of Saxe - Merseburg , after which it fell to the Electorate of Saxony .
West Berlin was a city that existed between 1949 and 1990 as a political enclave surrounded by East Berlin and East Germany .
The United States Railroad Administration ( USRA ) was the name of the nationalized railroad system of the United States between 1917 and 1920 .
The Later Zhao ( simplified Chinese : 后赵 ; traditional Chinese : 後趙 ; pinyin : Hòuzhào ; 319 - 351 ) was a state of the Sixteen Kingdoms during the Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) in China .
The Marca - Tre - Spade was an Italian automobile manufactured from 1908 until 1911 .
On 4 November 2010 Valmet Automotive signed an agreement to buy Karmann 's roof - component sections in Osnabrück , Germany , and Żary , Poland .
The Korn et Latil was a French automobile manufactured from 1901 until 1902 .
On July 30 , 2007 Oak Hill Capital Partners acquired Southern Air and merged the two airlines into one , giving birth to Southern Air Holdings , Inc. Consequently , Cargo 360 was absorbed into Southern Air in January 2008 and ceased operating under its own colors .
Carrère and Hastings , the firm of John Merven Carrère ( November 9 , 1858 -- March 1 , 1911 ) and Thomas Hastings ( March 11 , 1860 -- October 22 , 1929 ) , was one of the outstanding Beaux - Arts architecture firms in the United States .
In 1421 Eberwin I von Götterswick , who ruled Bentheim and Steinfurt since Steinfurt 's dynasty was extinct , donated the town hall with market stalls of butchers and with a set of scales to the city .
The colonies of Vancouver Island and British Columbia were joined into a new single colony ( called British Columbia ) in 1866 , and the Legislative Assembly of Vancouver Island ceased to exist .
Vasily Aleksanyan graduated from the Moscow State University and the Law School of Harvard University as a Master of Laws .
Giancarlo Corsetti earned a Ph.D. in economics at Yale University ( 1992 ) , an MA in Economics at New York University ( 1987 ) and a Laurea in Economics at Sapienza University of Rome ( 1984 ) .
Rupert Moser ( * 2 . June 1944 in Horn , Thurgau canton , Switzerland ) is professor emeritus for social anthropology and African studies at the University of Bern .
Norman Ravitch is a professor emeritus of history at University of California , Riverside .
Prince Hamzah bin Hussein ( Arabic : حمزة بن الحسين‎ ) ( born 29 March 1980 ) is the son of King Hussein of Jordan and his American - born fourth wife , Queen Noor .
Norodom Arunrasmy ( Khmer : នរោត្តម អរុណរស្មី ; born 2 October 1955 ) is the youngest daughter of HM King Father Norodom Sihanouk and stepdaughter of Queen Norodom Monineath Sihanouk .
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink , Robert S. Kapito , Susan Wagner , Barbara Novick , Ben Golub , Hugh Frater , Ralph Schlosstein , and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective .
Bill Rasmussen conceived the concept of ESPN in late May 1978 , after he was fired from his job with the World Hockey Association 's New England Whalers .
J W Miller & Sons Ltd was a boatbuilder in St Monans , Fife , Scotland for over 200 years .
Atavistic Records is an American rock and jazz record label based in Chicago , Illinois , known particularly for its No Wave and free jazz recordings .
CJAD is an AM radio station , owned by Bell Media , operating in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
WEAT ( 107.9 FM , `` Sunny 107.9 '' ) is a radio station licensed to the West Palm Beach , Florida market .
Koszelew ( kɔˈʂɛlɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Disentis Abbey ( German : Reichskloster Disentis ) is a Benedictine monastery in the Canton of Graubünden in eastern Switzerland , around which the present town of Disentis ( Romansh : Mustér ) grew up .
Joe Hunter Field is a baseball field located in Beeville , TX on the campus of Coastal Bend College formerly known as Bee County Junior College , home to the Cougars .
Bess Kaiser Hospital was a hospital in Portland , Oregon , United States , which closed in 1998 .
The Château de Caudon is a château located near the town of Domme , in the Dordogne Department of the region of Aquitaine in France .
Bohalis ( alternatively Bohalas ) is a small townland in County Roscommon .
Asperg ( ) is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Three Entrance Cave Archeological District is a 9-acre ( 3.6 ha ) archeological site in Cimarron County , Oklahoma , near Kenton , that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .
Port Morien ( also referred to as `` Morien '' ) is a small fishing community of 700 people in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , located in the southeastern Cape Breton Island near the rural community Donkin , and six miles from the town of Glace Bay .
The Blaine House , also known as James G. Blaine House , is the official residence of the Governor of Maine and his or her family .
Siah Jafar ( Persian : سياه جعفر‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Ja``far ) is a village in Lisar Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 198 , in 49 families .
Northwest Indian College , operated by the Lummi tribe of Native Americans as a tribally controlled institution of higher education , is located in Bellingham , Washington .
Spean Bridge ( Scottish Gaelic : Drochaid Aonachain ) is a village in the parish of Kilmonivaig , in the Highland region of Scotland .
Loughrea ( /lɒxˈreɪ/ lokh - RAY ; Irish : Baile Locha Riach , meaning `` town of the grey lake '' ) is a town in County Galway , Ireland .
Despite this lack of status , Blakeley Raise is a worthy climb , providing extensive views over West Cumbria , Southern Scotland and the Isle of Man , including the towns of Whitehaven and Cleator Moor and the Sellafield nuclear processing site .
Rasteqan ( Persian : راستقان‎ , also Romanized as Rāsteqān ) is a village in Gholaman Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Brandywine Highway is a north -- south limited - access highway in the vicinity of the city of Binghamton , New York , in the United States .
Chenghua District ( simplified Chinese : 成华区 ; traditional Chinese : 成華區 ; pinyin : Chénghuá qū ; literally : `` become brilliant '' ) is one of nine districts of Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan province , China , covering part of the eastern portion of the city .
The Saskatoon Farmers ' Market is a public Farmers ' market housed in a former electrical warehouse and garage in the Riversdale , district of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Bay Park Square is a shopping mall owned by Simon Property Group , in the Green Bay , Wisconsin suburb of Ashwaubenon , in the United States .
Farrer Memorial Agricultural High School is an academically selective , day and boarding , Public high school for boys , located at Calala , a small suburb of Tamworth , in northern New South Wales , Australia .
Sunningdale is a large village and civil parish in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire , England .
Będzelin ( bɛnˈd͡zɛlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kalaj Khuseh ( Persian : كلاج خوسه‎ , also Romanized as Kalāj Khūseh ; also known as Kalāj Khāseh ) is a village in Garmab Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Eschkopf near Hofstätten in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate ( Südwestpfalz county ) is a major hill , 608.3 m above sea level ( NHN ) high in the Palatine Forest .
Dobele Municipality ( Latvian : Dobeles novads ) is a municipality in the historical region of Zemgale , and the Zemgale Planning Region in Latvia .
Świerczyńsko ( ɕfjɛrˈt͡ʂɨɲskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Qeshlaq - e Daryacheh ( Persian : قشلاق درياچه‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Daryācheh ; also known as Daryācheh ) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Budzień ( ˈbud͡ʑeɲ ) ( formerly German Schutzendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Roosevelt Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington .
Wiatraczyn ( vjaˈtrat͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów , within Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Torma Parish ( Estonian : Torma vald ) is a rural municipality of Estonia , in Jõgeva County .
The Parramatta Female Factory , in the former penal colony of New South Wales , is located in the grounds of Cumberland Hospital , North Parramatta , New South Wales .
Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park is a United States National Park located in western Colorado and managed by the National Park Service .
Mrożewice ( mrɔʐɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lac Seul First Nation is an Ojibwe First Nation band government located on the southeastern shores of Lac Seul , 56 kilometres ( 35 mi ) northeast of the city of Dryden , Ontario .
Ottawa Street Power Station is a former municipal electric and steam utility generating station for the Lansing Board of Water and Light in Lansing , Michigan , located on the Grand River in the city 's central business district that was redeveloped as corporate headquarters for the Accident Fund Insurance Company of America .
Lubnia ( ˈlubɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Columbia Theological Seminary is a seminary in Decatur , Georgia .
Chennai Mathematical Institute ( CMI ) is a research and education institute in Chennai , India .
Darreh Lirgeh ( Persian : دره ليرگه‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Līrgeh ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Torthorwald is a village and civil parish in Dumfries and Galloway , south - west Scotland .
The Mount Sinai School is a historic Rosenwald School in rural Autauga County , Alabama , northwest of Prattville .
Juice107.3 ( call sign : 4CAB ) is a Christian radio station on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Uchanie - Kolonia ( uˈxaɲe kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Lake Shore High School is a high school located in the lakefront community of St. Clair Shores , Michigan .
The Angola Ferry is a small and little - known ferry service that crosses the Mississippi River connecting Lettsworth , Louisiana with the Louisiana State Penitentiary , otherwise known as the Angola Prison .
Blackbird mine was a large cobalt mining facility in Lemhi County , Idaho , United States .
Kiel Castle ( German : Kieler Schloss ) in Kiel in the north German state of Schleswig - Holstein was one of the secondary residences of the Gottorf dukes .
Amir ol Omara ( Persian : اميرالامرا‎ , also Romanized as Amīr ol Omarā '' and Amīral Omarā ; also known as Amīr ol Amar ) is a village in Samen Rural District , Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
São Sebastião do Caí is a city near Porto Alegre in the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Meshtin ( Persian : مشتين‎ , also Romanized as Meshtīn ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lower Lusatia ( German : Niederlausitz , Lower Sorbian : Dolna Łužyca , Upper Sorbian : Delnja Łužica , Polish : Łużyce Dolne , Czech : Dolní Lužice ) is a historical region in Central Europe , stretching from the southeast of the German state of Brandenburg to the southwest of Lubusz Voivodeship in Poland .
Zardalu Sofla ( Persian : زردآلو سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zardālū Soflá ; also known as Zardālū ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
WMUG - LP ( 105.1 FM ) is a low - powered , conservative Christian - formatted American radio station , licensed in the Pittsburgh suburb of Indiana , Pennsylvania and serving the Pittsburgh Media Market .
Fornham All Saints is a small settlement in Suffolk , England in the St Edmundsbury area .
The St. Nicholas Historic District , known colloquially as `` Striver 's Row '' , is a historic district located on both sides of West 138th and West 139th Streets between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard ( Seventh Avenue ) and Frederick Douglass Boulevard ( Eighth Avenue ) in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
The Southern Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp Historic District ( also known as the town of Cassadaga ) is a U.S. historic district ( designated as such on March 14 , 1991 ) located in Cassadaga , Florida .
Meleh Har ( Persian : مله هار‎ , also Romanized as Meleh Hār ; also known as Meleh Hār - e Dīzgarān , and Meleh Hāy - ye Dīzgarān ) is a village in Harasam Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lake Newell Resort is a hamlet in southern Alberta , Canada within the County of Newell that was established in 2007 .
Putnowice - Kolonia ( putnɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Milad Tower ( Persian : برج میلاد -- Borj e Milād‎‎ ) , also known as the Tehran Tower ( برج تهران -- Borj e Tehrān ) , is a multi - purpose tower in Tehran , Iran .
Mount Van Hoevenberg is a summit point located in the Adirondack Mountains in the Town of North Elba , Essex County , New York , 9 miles ( 15 km ) east - southeast of the village of Lake Placid .
Young Women 's College Preparatory Academy ( YWCPA ) is a university preparatory public secondary school for girls in Houston , Texas that is a part of the Houston Independent School District .
The Albula Railway ( German : Albulabahn ; Italian : Ferrovia dell'Albula ) is a single track metre gauge railway line forming part of the so - called core network of the Rhaetian Railway ( RhB ) , in the Canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
Silk Street Bridge is a historic Lenticular pony truss bridge located at Newark Valley in Tioga County , New York .
Karambakkudi ( கறம்பக்குடி - தமிழ் ) is a Taluk in Pudukkottai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Bon Shest ( Persian : بن شصت‎ , also Romanized as Bon Sheṣt ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Astoria Palace Hotel is a hotel in Copacabana , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Boboszów ( bɔˈbɔʂuf ) ( German : Bobischau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic .
Afon Irfon ( the River Irfon ) is a river in Powys , Wales .
Faljenovići ( Serbian : Фаљеновићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
WWRB is a shortwave international broadcasting station known as both `` World Wide Religious Broadcasting '' and ( to a lesser extent ) `` World Wide Radio Broadcasting '' broadcasting from Morrison , Tennessee .
Gresswiller ( German : Greßweiler or Gressweiler ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Chaldon is a village in Surrey , England , high on the North Downs immediately west of Caterham .
Piasek Mały ( ˈpjasɛk ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
DeltaPlex Arena & Conference Center ( formerly Grand Rapids Stadium , Stadium Arena , and Turner Arena ) is a 5,000-seat multipurpose arena in Walker , Michigan .
Krugliniec ( kruˈɡliɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chah Khani ( Persian : چاه خاني‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Khānī ) is a village in Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Châteauroux ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃa.to.ru ) ) is the capital of the Indre department in central France and the second - largest town in the province of Berry , after Bourges .
Gulf State Park is a publicly owned recreation area on the Gulf of Mexico in the city of Gulf Shores in southern Baldwin County , Alabama .
The Dutch Navy Museum is a naval museum in Den Helder , Netherlands .
KEXP - FM ( 90.3 FM ) is a public radio station based in Seattle , Washington , that specializes in alternative and indie rock programmed by its disc jockeys .
Navbandi ( Persian : ناوبندي‎ , also Romanized as Nāvbandī ; also known as Nāybandī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gaotou Hui Ethnic Township ( simplified Chinese : 高头回族乡 ; traditional Chinese : 高頭回族鄉 ; pinyin : Gāotóu Huízú Xiāng ; Xiao'erjing : قَوْتِوْ خُوِذُو سِیْا ) is a township of Wuji County in southwestern Hebei province , China , located 11 kilometres ( 6.8 mi ) southwest of the county seat .
Bastam Darreh ( Persian : بسطام دره‎ , also Romanized as Basţām Darreh ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Riber is a hamlet in the Derbyshire Dales , lying within the boundaries of the town of Matlock .
The War Memorial Opera House in San Francisco , California is located on the western side of Van Ness Avenue across from the rear facade of City Hall .
Qareh Chay Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قره چائ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Pilot Island Light is a lighthouse located near Gills Rock , on Pilot Island at the east end of Death 's Door passage , in Door County , Wisconsin .
The Mooretown Rancheria of Maidu Indians of California is a federally recognized tribe of Concow and Maidu people in Butte County .
The Pinehill Inn , or just Pinehill , is a National Register of Historic Places listed house in the Ogle County , Illinois county seat of Oregon .
Lady Isle is a small , uninhabited island , in the Firth of Clyde , Scotland .
Upton - upon - Severn ( or Upton - on - Severn ) is a small town and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District of Worcestershire , England .
Grinton is a small village and civil parish in the Yorkshire Dales , in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire , England .
Jeżewo - Wesel ( jɛˈʐɛvɔ ˈvɛsɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Santiago del Teide is a town and a municipality in the western part of the island Tenerife , Canary Islands , and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife .
Klasak Duży ( ˈklasak ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skomlin , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Building at 200 - 202A High Street is a historic store and dwelling located at Seaford , Sussex County , Delaware .
The Shire of Mount Morgan was a local government area located in the Capricornia region of Central Queensland , Queensland , Australia , about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of the regional city of Rockhampton .
Dizbin ( Persian : ديزبين‎ , also Romanized as Dīzbīn ) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gottröra Church is a church in the village of Gottröra in Norrtälje Municipality , Sweden .
Emamzadeh Shahzadeh Hoseyn ( Persian : امامزاده شاهزاده حسين‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Shāhzādeh Ḩoseyn ; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Mausoleum of Galla Placidia is a Roman building in Ravenna , Italy .
The Mehringdamm is a street in southern Kreuzberg , Berlin .
Belén de Bajirá is a Colombian Corregimiento of Mutatá Municipality in the Antioquia State .
Gorstan ( Scottish Gaelic : An Goirtean ) is a small hamlet in Garve , Ross - shire region in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Qarah Div ( Persian : قره ديو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Dīv ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gudanjir ( Persian : گودانجير‎ , also Romanized as Gūdānjīr ) is a village in Haparu Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Oregon Trail , Wells Springs Segment , also known as the Oregon Trail , Boardman Bombing Range Segment , is part of an historic east -- west migration route crossing Morrow County in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Jocko Valley is located in western Montana in the northwestern United States .
Based in Paris , the Institut Montaigne brings together leaders from civil society , industry , university , and public administration , fosters independent thinking on policy matters and explores ideas free from any economic or political preconceptions .
Dishab ( Persian : ديشاب‎ , also Romanized as Dīshāb ; also known as Deshāb ) is a village in Tirchai Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Barking Learning Centre , in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham , is a community - based learning facility .
The Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center is a concert hall located in the Arts District of downtown Dallas , Texas ( USA ) .
Thattankulam is one of the villages in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Gawki ( ˈɡafki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sunland Park Mall is a shopping mall in El Paso , Texas , owned and operated by Simon Property Group .
Marshfield Station is located in the township of Thompson and Meserve 's Purchase , at the base of the Mount Washington Cog Railway in New Hampshire , USA .
Mall del Norte is a super regional shopping mall in Laredo , Texas .
House of the Blackheads ( Latvian : Melngalvju nams , German : Schwarzhäupterhaus ) is a building situated in the old town of Riga , Latvia .
Otter Ferry ( Scottish Gaelic : An Oitir ) is a settlement in Argyll and Bute , Scotland , formerly the site of a ferry across Loch Fyne .
Trzebieszewo ( tʂɛbjɛˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Tribsow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Rocky Mountain House is a town in west - central Alberta , Canada .
Hom - e Khosrow ( Persian : خم خسرو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩom - e Khosrow ; also known as Khom - e Khosrow and Khum - e Khosrow ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Żelków - Kolonia ( ˈʐɛlkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bantumilli is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Reading Public Museum , in West Reading , Pennsylvania , has displays featuring science and civilizations , a planetarium and a 25-acre ( 100,000 m2 ) arboretum .
Braemar Power Station is a complex of natural gas and coal seam gas fired combined - cycle power stations near Dalby in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia .
Menaku is a village in the northeast of Maré Island , in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia .
Hornton is a village and civil parish about 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of Banbury in Oxfordshire .
Kinlet is a small village and civil parish in the south - east of the county of Shropshire , England .
The Millen House ( also known as `` Raintree House '' ) is a historic residence on the campus of Indiana University in Bloomington , Indiana , United States .
New River Community College ( NRCC ) is a community college in Dublin , Virginia , United States , in the New River Valley of southwestern Virginia , one of 23 colleges in the Virginia Community College System ( VCCS ) .
Kolodiazhne ( Ukrainian : Колодяжне ) is a village in the Kovel Raion ( district ) in Volyn Oblast of northwestern Ukraine .
Winterborne Came is a small dispersed settlement and civil parish in the county of Dorset in England , situated in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south - east of the county town Dorchester .
Zarvav - e Sofla ( Persian : زرواوسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zarvāv - e Soflá ; also known as Zarvār ) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Robbers Pass is situated in the Mpumalanga province , on the R533 between Ohrigstad and Pilgrims Rest ( South Africa ) .
The Karlstal is the valley of the Moosalb stream located near Trippstadt in the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Silambi Gewog ( Dzongkha : སི་ལམ་སྦི་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Mongar District , Bhutan .
Samna Kola ( Persian : سمناكلا‎ , also Romanized as Samnā Kolā ) is a village in Talarpey Rural District , in the Central District of Simorgh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Easton High School ( EHS ) is a four - year comprehensive public high school in Easton , Talbot County , Maryland , United States .
The Price Creek Lighthouse , also known as the Price 's Creek Lighthouse , is a structure located near Southport , North Carolina .
Klooga is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Keila Parish in Harju County in northern Estonia .
Bongarsu ( Persian : بنگرسو‎ , also Romanized as Bongarsū ) is a village in Fin Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
WMMM - FM ( 105.5 FM MHz ) is a radio station serving the Madison , Wisconsin area .
Honoratka ( xɔnɔˈratka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Karluk Airport ( IATA : KYK , ICAO : PAKY , FAA LID : KYK ) is a state owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of the central business district of Karluk , a community in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Our Lady and St Margaret 's Primary School is a former Catholic primary school located at Stanley Street , Kinning Park , Glasgow , Scotland .
The McSwain Theatre is a 560-seat former cinema , and present day theater and music venue , located in Ada , Pontotoc County , Oklahoma .
The Woodland Park District is a historic district of 63 single - family houses and multi - family dwellings in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States .
No . 1 Deansgate is the name and location of a medium - rise apartment building in central Manchester , England .
Waupaca Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KPCZ , FAA LID : PCZ ) is a city - owned public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southeast of the central business district of Waupaca , a city in Waupaca County , Wisconsin , United States .
The MAPS Air Museum , run by the Military Aircraft Preservation Society , is located at the Akron - Canton Regional Airport in Green , Ohio , USA .
Mosbach is the capital of the Neckar - Odenwald district in the north of Baden - Württemberg , Germany , about 58 km east of Heidelberg .
Gamghol - e Bala ( Persian : گامغل بالا‎ , also Romanized as Gāmghol - e Bālā ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
San Marin High School is a high school located in Novato , California , in the United States .
WWKI , `` KI '' is an FM radio station owned by Cumulus Media in Kokomo , Indiana .
Oxnard High School , or OHS as it is commonly referred to , is a public four - year high school serving grades 9 - -12 in Oxnard , Ventura County , California , United States .
The Tryon Creek State Natural Area is a state park located primarily in Portland , in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The CIS Tower is an office skyscraper on Miller Street in Manchester , England .
Hoseynabad - e Qoroq ( Persian : حسين ابادقرق‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Qoroq ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Ramjerd - e Do Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ruchill Church Hall , designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh , was built as a mission for the Free Church of Scotland and completed in 1899 .
St. Anthony Catholic High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school located in the Monte Vista Historic District in Midtown San Antonio , Texas , United States .
Silverwood Lake is a large reservoir in San Bernardino County , California , United States , located on the West Fork Mojave River , a tributary of the Mojave River in the San Bernardino Mountains .
Ware Hall is an historic residential apartment building at 383 Harvard Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Radio City Tower ( also known as St. John 's Beacon ) is a radio and observation tower in Liverpool , England , built in 1969 and opened by Queen Elizabeth II . It was designed by James A. Roberts Associates in Birmingham .
The Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre is a privately owned convention centre located in Perth , Western Australia .
Wilderness Road State Park is a state park located in southwestern Virginia , near Cumberland Gap and Ewing , VA .
Butestan ( Persian : بوتستان‎ , also Romanized as Būtestān ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kolonia Świętochów ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɕfjɛnˈtɔxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hesamiyeh ( Persian : حساميه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩesāmīyeh ) is a village in Neyasar Rural District , Neyasar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Oshtut - e Pain ( Persian : اشتوت پائين‎ , also Romanized as Oshtūt - e Pā’īn ; also known as Oshtūt and Ūshtūt ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Śmiałowice ( ɕmjawɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Swaggerty Blockhouse is a historic structure near Parrottsville , in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Waldenmark , also known as the Edward Fischer House , is a historic house , studio , garage , and guesthouse located in Wrightstown Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
The Doubleday Hill Monument is an American Civil War monument located in Williamsport , Maryland , in what is now River View Cemetery .
Titus Canyon is a deep , narrow gorge cut into the steep face of the Grapevine Mountains of the Mojave Desert , within Death Valley National Park in southeastern California and southwestern Nevada .
Brazell Stadium is a college baseball stadium on the campus of Grand Canyon University in Phoenix , Arizona .
Foulk Fjord is a fjord in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
The Langlade County Courthouse is Langlade County , Wisconsin 's historic courthouse , located in Antigo , the county seat .
Melba Flats is a railway siding on the Emu Bay Railway east of Zeehan that served as a terminus for trains carrying copper ore from the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company in west coast Tasmania , once the Emu Bay Railway ceased services into the Zeehan townsite .
Clejani is a commune in Giurgiu County , Romania , about 40 km south of Bucharest , in the Vlaşca region ( part of Muntenia ) , on the Danube Plains near the Bulgarian border .
Caves Valley Golf Club is a member - owned not - for - profit corporation in Owings Mills , Maryland , a suburb northwest of Baltimore .
Bhotewodar is one of the main cities of Lamjung District .
Oak Knoll School of the Holy Child is a Catholic private school in Summit , in Union County , New Jersey , United States .
Clipper Valley is a vast , oval - shaped alluvial plain located in the eastern Mojave Desert , in San Bernardino County , California , in the south of the Mojave National Preserve .
Kings Park Secondary School , on Fetlar Drive , in the Kings Park area of south Glasgow , is a Scottish non - denominational state school .
Stare Rzewuski ( ˈstarɛ ʐɛˈvuski ) is a large village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jorjor ( Persian : جرجر‎ , also known as Jorjor Darsūn ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Atrium Award is an award for excellent in journalism coverage of the garment industry given by the University of Georgia 's Henry W. Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication and AmericasMart , the world 's largest permanent trade center for wholesale trade and the only permanent international trade center in the United States .
Sartal - e Melleh Gahar ( Persian : سرتل مله گهر‎ ; also known as Sartal - e Tīghāb ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
783 ABC Alice Springs ( call sign : 8AL ) is the ABC Local Radio station in Alice Springs , Northern Territory .
Tazehabad - e Mowlai ( Persian : تازه ابادمولائي‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Mowlā'ī ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Raghunathganj I is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
The Mount Cayley volcanic field is a remote volcanic zone on the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada , stretching 31 km ( 19 mi ) from the Pemberton Icefield to the Squamish River .
Magic Valley Regional Airport ( IATA : TWF , ICAO : KTWF , FAA LID : TWF ) , also known as Joslin Field , is a public use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) south of the central business district of Twin Falls , a city in Twin Falls County , Idaho , United States .
Neshel ( Persian : نشل‎ , also Romanized as Neshal ; also known as Nesel ) is a village in Chelav Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Grand Junction Regional Airport ( IATA : GJT , ICAO : KGJT , FAA LID : GJT ) is a public airport three miles northeast of Grand Junction , in Mesa County , Colorado .
Rivona or Rivana ( Konkani:रिवणा or रिवण ) is a census town in Quepem taluka , South Goa district in the state of Goa , India .
Deyhuk District ( Persian : بخش دیهوک‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kalatrazan District ( Persian : بخش کلاترزان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Cercenasco is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southwest of Turin .
Dingcheng District ( simplified Chinese : 鼎城区 ; traditional Chinese : 鼎城區 ; pinyin : Dǐngchéng Qū ) is one of two urban districts of Changde , Hunan province , China .
Geelong ( /dʒᵻˈlɒŋ/ ) is a port city located on Corio Bay and the Barwon River , in the state of Victoria , Australia , 75 kilometres ( 47 mi ) south - west of the state capital , Melbourne .
Lak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان لك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Oneida River is a river that forms a portion of the boundary between Oswego and Onondaga counties in central New York .
Parada de Lucas is a lower - class neighbourhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Weaverham is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in England .
The Standard , East Village , formerly the Cooper Square Hotel , is a 21-story high - rise luxury hotel located at 25 Cooper Square in lower Manhattan , New York City .
Erna Nixon Park is a public park located on 1200 Evans Road , Melbourne , Florida .
KRZZ is a commercial radio station located in San Francisco , California , broadcasting to the San Francisco Bay Area on 93.3 FM .
Thomas Sprigg Wootton High School or Wootton High School ( WHS ) is a public high school in Rockville , Maryland .
Kam Shur ( Persian : كمشور‎ , also Romanized as Kam Shūr ) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Hormud ( Persian : هرمود‎‎ , also Romanized as Hormūd , Harmood , and Harmud ; also known as Hormoz , Hormūd - e Bāgh , and Hormuz ) is a village in Sahray - ye Bagh Rural District , Sahray - ye Bagh District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shurek Chal ( Persian : شوركچال‎ , also Romanized as Shūrek Chāl ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
WCKS ( 102.7 FM , `` Kiss 102.7 '' ) is a radio station licensed to the community of Fruithurst , Alabama , United States , and serving Carrollton , Georgia , as well as West Georgia and East Alabama .
Sar Bud ( Persian : سربود‎ , also Romanized as Sar Būd ) is a village in Katra Rural District , Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mica Creek Power Station is located 5 km south of Mount Isa in north - west Queensland , Australia .
Jacob K. Javits Convention Center , shortened to Javits Center in popular usage , is a large convention center located on Eleventh Avenue , between 34th and 40th streets , in Hell 's Kitchen , Manhattan , New York City .
Tut - e Olya ( Persian : توت عليا‎ , also Romanized as Tūt - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 801 , in 143 families .
Laśmiady ( laɕˈmjadɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Edge Hill railway station serves the district of Edge Hill in Liverpool , England .
Casa de la Vall is a historical house in Andorra la Vella , Andorra .
Lake Sebring is a natural freshwater lake in Highlands County , Florida , and located north of Sebring , Florida , and Lake Jackson .
Oswego Lake is a lake in Clackamas County , Oregon that is completely surrounded by the city of Lake Oswego .
Chadwell Heath railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line in Chadwell Heath , which straddles the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham and the London Borough of Redbridge in east London .
Haleangadi or Haleyangady ( Kannada:ಹಳೆಯಂಗಡಿ ) is a place in Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka . It literally means Old shop in Kannada language although Tulu is local lingo .
Tungkong Mangga or Tungko ( PSGC : 031420011 ) is one of the fifty - nine barangays comprising the City of San Jose del Monte , Bulacan in the Philippines .
Kadirenigudem or Kadireni Gudem is a village in Nalgonda district , Telangana , India .
Maklavan ( Persian : ماکلوان‎ , also Romanized as Mākalān ) is a city in and the capital of Sardar - e Jangal District , in Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Qarah Suy ( Persian : قره سوي‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Sūy ; also known as Qarah Sū and Qareh Sū ) is a village in Chelevand Rural District , Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Coronado Apartments are an apartment building located on 3751 - -73 Second Avenue ( on the corner of Second and Selden ) in Midtown Detroit , Michigan .
Qeshlaq - e Vosta ( Persian : قشلاق وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Vosţá ; also known as Qeshlāq ) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Brookefield of the Berrys is a plantation house located at Croom , Prince George 's County , Maryland , United States .
Worli ( Marathi : वरळी ) is a locality in the city of Mumbai , Maharashtra .
Baba Kalak ( Persian : باباكلك‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Kalak ) is a village in Gavdul - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gaz Kuh ( Persian : گزكوه‎ , also Romanized as Gaz Kūh ) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District , Khabushan District , Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Grand - Bourg ( 5,707 residents ) , Capesterre - de - Marie - Galante ( 3,469 ) and Saint - Louis ( 2,833 ) .
Badopal ( Hindi : बडोपल ) mainly is a Village in Pilibanga tehsil of Hanumangarh District in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Cedar County Sheriff 's House and Jail are historic buildings located in Tipton , Iowa , United States .
The Hamersley Range is a mountainous region of the Pilbara , Western Australia .
Lubbers Stadium , or Arend D. Lubbers Stadium , is a stadium on the Grand Valley State University 's main campus in Allendale , Michigan , USA .
Llanfaglan is a parish in Gwynedd , north - west Wales .
Mieczkówka ( mjɛt͡ʂˈkufka ) ( German : Mitschkowken , from 1938 - 45 Herbsthausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Patrick Hughes House , also known as Hughes Ranch and the Historic Hughes House , is a historic Queen Anne - style house built in 1898 on Cape Blanco in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Mill Avenue Bridges consist of two bridges that cross the Salt River in Tempe , Arizona at the north end of the shopping district on Mill Avenue .
Khunjuk Sukhteh ( Persian : خنجوك سوخته‎ , also Romanized as Khunjūḵ Sūkhteh ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Asbury Grove , located in Hamilton , Massachusetts , was formed during the camp meeting religious movement popular in the mid-19th century .
Cannon Mountain Ski Area is a state - owned ski resort located on Cannon Mountain in the White Mountains of New Hampshire , United States .
Istadegi ( Persian : ايستادگي‎ , also Romanized as Īstādegī and Estādegī ; also known as Estegī , Istegī , Saiyidān , and Seyyedān ) is a village in Aghili - ye Shomali Rural District , Aghili District , Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Scottish National War Memorial is located in Edinburgh Castle and commemorates Scottish soldiers , and those serving with Scottish regiments , who died in the two world wars and more recent conflicts .
Sibford Ferris is a village and civil parish about 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) west of Banbury in Oxfordshire .
Old Åsane Church ( Norwegian : Åsane gamle kirke ) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Jessie Creek Winery is a winery in the Dias Creek section of Middle Township ( mailing address is Cape May Court House ) in Cape May County , New Jersey .
The Lone Tree Monument is on the site once occupied by a large tree in central Nebraska .
Bandyup Women 's Prison is located in the northeastern rural Perth suburb of West Swan , Western Australia .
The Café Stefanie was a coffeehouse in Munich which around the 1900s till the 1920s was the leading artist 's meeting place in the city , similar to the Café Größenwahn atmosphere of the Café des Westens in Berlin and the Café Griensteidl in Vienna .
Mehatl Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located in the central Lillooet Ranges to the west of Boston Bar .
The Taennchel rises at the East of France , in the département of Haut - Rhin ( region Alsace ) , half - way between Strasbourg to the North and Mulhouse to the South , around 60 km ( 40 mi ) from both cities .
Neustadt an der Weinstraße ( formerly known as `` Neustadt an der Haardt '' ) is a town located in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
San Luis Obispo County Regional Airport ( IATA : SBP , ICAO : KSBP , FAA LID : SBP ) , McChesney Field , is near San Luis Obispo , California .
Emelgem is a village in the Belgian province of West - Flanders and a part ( deelgemeente ) of the municipality Izegem .
Band - e Barak ( Persian : بند بارك‎ , also Romanized as Band - e Bāraḵ ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Canute 's Palace in Southampton , England , is the name given to the ruins of a Norman merchant 's house dating from the late twelfth century .
Hot Springs Mountain Tower is a 65.8 metre ( 216-foot ) high observation tower built of lattice steel on Hot Springs Mountain at Hot Springs , Arkansas , USA .
Dark Hollow Run is a small stream in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , USA running through Solebury Township .
The Monte Carlo Resort and Casino is a megaresort hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , USA .
Tomperrow is a hamlet between Threemilestone and Baldhu in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Salina - Gunnison Airport ( IATA : SBO , FAA LID : 44U ) is a public - use airport located five nautical miles ( 9 km ) northeast of the central business district of Salina , a city in Sevier County , Utah , United States .
CSKA Ice Palace ( Russian : Ледовый Дворец Спорта ЦСКА ) is an Indoor arena in Moscow , Russia .
Messe Torhaus is a high rise building in the Bockenheim district of Frankfurt , Germany .
Putnam County Business Park is a commercial development area located in Palatka , Florida .
Al Ghiasi ( Persian : ال غياثي‎ , also Romanized as Āl Ghīās̄ī ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Shire of Merredin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , about 250 kilometres ( 155 mi ) east of Perth , the state capital .
Second Baptist Church of Dover is a historic Baptist church in Dover Plains in Dutchess County , New York .
The Fisk Barn is a historic barn on Gerry Road in Dublin , New Hampshire .
Canadian Forces Base Calgary , also CFB Calgary , was a Canadian Forces Base located in Calgary , Alberta .
Salnia ( ˈsalɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Adiora is a small village and seat of the commune of Ouinerden in the Cercle of Gourma - Rharous in the Tombouctou Region of Mali .
Rzerzęczyce ( ʐɛʐɛnˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Słuchocin ( swuˈxɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Queen Charlotte Mountains are a mountain range comprising all mountains and small mountain ranges of Haida Gwaii ( formerly the Queen Charlotte Islands ) , British Columbia , Canada .
Cheddington is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire .
Darreh Deraz - e Chin ( Persian : دره درازچين‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Derāz - e Chīn ; also known as Darreh Derāz ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tallman Mountain State Park is a New York State Park located in the Town of Orangetown in Rockland County , New York , adjacent to the Hudson River .
The Clifton Burying Ground is an early colonial cemetery located in Newport , Rhode Island .
Tejon Creek , originally in Spanish Arroyo de Tejon , is a stream in Kern County , California .
Madathiparambu is a small town and a part of Neezhoor village in Kottayam district , Kerala .
Sarmaj - e Hoseynkhani ( Persian : سرماج حسين خاني‎ , also Romanized as Sarmāj - e Ḩoseynkhānī ; also known as Sarmāj ) is a village in Shizar Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Deh - e Moradkhan ( Persian : دهمرادخان‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Morādkhān ) is a village in Sahneh Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mina Pirquitas is a town and municipality in Jujuy Province in Argentina in the Rinconada Department , in Coyaguaima district , 355 km from the capital of Jujuy , accessed from the town of Abra Pampa by provincial routes 7 and RP 70 ( 138 km ) .
The French Congregational Church , known since 1919 as the First Spiritualist Church , is a historic High Victorian Gothic church at 33 - 37 Bliss Street in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Hasan Nezam ( Persian : حسن نظام‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Neẓām ; also known as Ḩasanneẓām ) is a village in Angali Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Jarcewo ( jarˈt͡sɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Sun Bright ( also known as the Sidney Johnston Catts House ) is an historic residence in DeFuniak Springs , Walton County , Florida .
Dawley is a small town in the borough of Telford and Wrekin and ceremonial county of Shropshire , England .
Aq Chali - ye Sofla ( Persian : آقچلي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Āq Chalī - ye Soflá ; also known as Āq Chalī ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Prohalino ( prɔxaˈlinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Vancouver International Water Airport , ( TC LID : CAM9 ) , is located adjacent to Vancouver International Airport in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada .
Varmahang ( Persian : ورمهنگ‎ ) is a village in Shahu Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Southlake Regional Health Centre ( formerly York County Hospital ) is a hospital located in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada .
The Landmark Inn is a hotel that was founded in Marquette , Michigan in 1930 .
Cemaes is a village on the north coast of Anglesey in Wales , sited on Cemaes Bay , an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty which is partly owned by the National Trust .
Panetolikos Stadium ( Greek : Γήπεδο Παναιτωλικού Gipedo Panaitolikou ) is a multi - use stadium in Agrinio in Aetolia - Acarnania , Greece .
Kłodnia ( ˈkwɔdɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Cottage Schools , at 255 E. Stillwater Ave . in Fallon , Nevada , United States , is a historic set of three school buildings that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places .
Kani Taleh ( Persian : كاني تاله‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Tāleh ; also known as Kānī Ţalā and Kānī Tālā ) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
First Christian Church of Burlington is a historic church located at 415 S. Church Street in Burlington , Alamance County , North Carolina .
Johnstone Park is a landscaped garden in Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Oleksów ( ɔˈlɛksuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The House at 11 Beach Street in Reading , Massachusetts is a modest Queen Anne cottage , built c. 1875 - 1889 based on a published design .
Elk Basin is a valley on the border of Montana and Wyoming in the United States .
Great Wilne is a small village in Derbyshire , England on the border with Leicestershire .
Molly Ann Brook ( sometimes Molly Ann 's Brook ) is a tributary of the Passaic River which flows south between the northern ranges of First Watchung Mountain and Second Watchung Mountain in Passaic County and Bergen County , New Jersey .
Brzeźno Stare ( ˈbʐɛʑnɔ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
La Purísima Mission State Historic Park is a state park unit of California , United States , containing La Purisima Mission , considered to be the most completely restored Spanish mission in California .
Deh Now - e Sarab ( Persian : دهنوسراب‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Sarāb ; also known as Deh Now ) is a village in Rahdar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Uzorong Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཨུ་མཛོ་རོང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trashigang District , Bhutan .
Ram Stadium is a 5,000-seat stadium in Shepherdstown , West Virginia .
Zdunki ( ˈzdunki ) ( German : Sdunken ( 1938 - 45:Ulrichsfelde ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ngaraard is the eighth state of the Republic of Palau , and was originally named Kerradel .
The Douve or Ouve is a river , 79 kilometres in length , which rises in the commune of Tollevast , near Cherbourg in the department of Manche .
The Government Cable Office at 218 Sixth Street in Seward , Alaska , United States , is a historic building that served as a telegraph office that connected Seward with communications in the rest of the United States .
Shek Sheung River ( Chinese : 石上河 ; also known as River Sutlej ; Hong Kong Hakka : Sak6song1 Ho2 ) , is a river in northern New Territories , Hong Kong .
Duliskan - e Sofla ( Persian : دوليسكان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dūlīskān - e Soflá ) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tupkanlu ( Persian : توپكانلو‎ , also Romanized as Tūpkānlū ) is a village in Takmaran Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Skinner - Tinkham House , commonly known as the Barre Center Tavern , is located at Maple Street and Oak Orchard Road ( New York State Route 98 ) in Barre Center , New York , United States .
Kheymand ( Persian : خيمند‎ , also known as Kheyrmand ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Varėna District Municipality ( Lithuanian : Varėnos rajono savivaldybė ) is a municipality in Alytus County in southern Lithuania .
WYFA is a non - commercial religious station in Augusta , Georgia owned by the Bible Broadcasting Network .
Monongalia County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located in Morgantown , Monongalia County , West Virginia .
Sarzal ( Persian : سرزل‎ ) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Dachong ( Chinese : 大涌镇 ; pinyin : Dàchóng ; Jyutping : Daai6chung1 ) under the direct administration of Zhongshan City , in southern Guangdong province , China .
Tingalpa Creek is a creek in South East Queensland .
Tursko Małe - Kolonia ( ˈturskɔ ˈmawɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) ( till December 31 , 2000 as at Kolonia Tursko Małe with type of settlement as of colony independent ) is a colony in the administrative district of Gmina Połaniec , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Nowy Kościół ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔɕt͡ɕuu̯ ) ( German : Neukirch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa , within Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Goleta Point ( also known as Campus Point ) is a small peninsula on the central coast in the U.S. state of California .
Naracoorte Airport ( IATA : NAC , ICAO : YNRC ) is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south of Naracoorte , South Australia .
Lindeman Islands National Park is a national park covering the Lindeman Islands in Queensland , Australia , 885 km northwest of Brisbane .
The Keokuk Young Women 's Christian Association Building in Keokuk , Iowa , United States is an historic building that was built in 1913 .
Lake Granbury is a North Texas reservoir near Granbury , Texas .
Los Lunas High School is a high school ( grades 9 - 12 ) in Los Lunas , Valencia County , New Mexico .
The Arboretum of the Barnes Foundation ( 5 ha / 12 acres ) is an arboretum and site of the Barnes Foundation art gallery , located at 300 North Latch 's Lane , Merion , Pennsylvania .
Jasienin Mały ( jaˈɕenin ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Roslindale is a primarily residential neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , bordered by Jamaica Plain , Hyde Park , West Roxbury and Mattapan .
The Bürgl Hut ( German : Bürglhütte ) is a private mountain hut at 1,699 m above sea level ( AA ) in the Kitzbühel Alps in the Austrian federal state of Salzburg .
All Saints Church at Monie is a historic Episcopal church located at Venton , Somerset County , Maryland .
Minworth Greaves is a timber cruck - framed , Grade II listed building in Bournville , an area of Birmingham , England .
Clark Canyon Dam is an earthfill dam located in Beaverhead County , Montana , about 20 miles ( 30 km ) south of the county seat of Dillon .
Midmar Castle is a 16th - century castle in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , located 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) west of Westhill and 3.5 kilometres ( 2.2 mi ) west of Echt .
Vancouver Hospital and Health Sciences Centre ( VHHSC ) is an acute care hospital affiliated with the University of British Columbia and located in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Miejskie Pola ( ˈmjɛi̯skʲɛ ˈpɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
DeLand - Weldon High School is a coed public secondary institution located in Piatt County , Illinois .
Kanasín Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` tense or strongly tightened '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 72.81 km2 ) of land and located roughly 5 km east of the city of Mérida .
Shuozhou ( Chinese : 朔州 ; pinyin : Shuòzhōu ) is a prefecture - level city in the north of Shanxi province , People 's Republic of China , situated along the upper reaches of the Fen River .
Poole and Hunt Company Buildings is a national historic district in the Hampden neighborhood of northwestern Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
The Sangamon Ordnance Plant was a United States Army ammunition manufacturing facility constructed and operated during World War II . It was located west of Illiopolis in Sangamon County , Illinois encompassing 20,000 acres ( 80 km² ) .
Gornje Peulje ( Cyrillic : Горње Пеуље ) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Cedar Creek Gallery is a fine craft gallery located in Creedmoor , North Carolina .
Veritas Christian School is a small Christian private school located in Lawrence , Kansas .
Incheh Shahbaz ( Persian : اينچه شهباز‎ , also Romanized as Īncheh Shāhbāz ) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District , Bajgiran District , Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Švábov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʃvaːbof ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Dul Bagh ( Persian : دول باغ‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Bāgh ) is a village in Naran Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Jabinad ( Persian : جبيند‎ , also Romanized as Jabīnad and Jabyand ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Topley Landing Provincial Park is a provincial park near Topley Landing in British Columbia , Canada .
Disfan ( Persian : ديسفان‎ , also Romanized as Dīsfān ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Norra Botkyrka ( North Botkyrka ) usually refers to the northern residential areas of Botkyrka Municipality near Stockholm in Sweden .
Tieli ( Chinese : 铁力 ) is a Chinese county - level city in Yichun prefecture , Heilongjiang province .
Salem Sue ( or The World 's Largest Holstein Cow ) is a large fiberglass Holstein cow sculpture located in New Salem , North Dakota .
Barrackpore , or Barrackpur , is the headquarters of the Barrackpore subdivision in the North 24 Parganas district , and is situated in North Kolkata .
The Carl Albert Federal Building is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma located in McAlester , Oklahoma .
The Gowanus Canal is a canal in the New York City borough of Brooklyn , on the westernmost portion of Long Island .
Fort Greene Park is a city - owned and -operated park in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York City .
Tang - e Nakami ( Persian : تنگ ناكمي‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Nākamī ; also known as Tang - e Nākamīn ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Killashee ( Irish : Cill na Sí ) is a village in County Longford , Ireland .
Yakh ( Persian : يخ‎ ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Plagido 's Winery is a winery located in Hammonton in Atlantic County , New Jersey .
The Forêt de Bouconne is located in southwest France , on the border of the departments of Gers and Haute - Garonne about thirty kilometres west of Toulouse .
The Caniapiscau Reservoir ( in French , Réservoir de Caniapiscau ) is a reservoir on the upper Caniapiscau River in the Côte - Nord administrative region of the Canadian province of Quebec .
The Amos B. Coe House is a historic home in Minneapolis , Minnesota , in the United States .
The Utz Arena ( formerly the Toyota Arena ) is a 5,500-seat multi - purpose arena in York , Pennsylvania , United States ; located at the York Expo Center , which is on the York Fairgrounds .
Van Trump Creek , also called Van Trump Falls Creek or the Van Trump Fork of the Nisqually River , is a creek in Pierce County , Washington .
Bristol Mall is the only regional shopping mall serving Bristol , Virginia .
Qarah Tavaraq ( Persian : قره طورق‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Ţavaraq ; also known as Qarāţūraq ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
James J. Lenihan Dam is an earthen structure across the Los Gatos Creek creating the Lexington Reservoir in the Santa Cruz Mountains of Santa Clara County , California south of Los Gatos .
Bushkan - e Mirzai ( Persian : بوشكان ميرزايي‎ , also Romanized as Būshkān - e Mīrzā’ī ; also known as Būshegān , Būshgān , Būshgān - e Mīrzā’ī , and Būshīkān - e Mīrzā’ī ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Kiiminki Church is an evangelical Lutheran church in the Kiiminki district of the Finnish city of Oulu .
Eastern Wayne High School ( EWHS ) is a public high school located in Wayne County , Goldsboro , North Carolina , that opened in 1969 .
Bayswater Point State Park is a 17-acre ( 0.069 km2 ) state park located on Jamaica Bay in Queens , New York .
The Wilson Pratt Truss Bridge is a Pratt Truss bridge over the Chapman creek near Chapman , Kansas that was built in 1904 .
Sorkhani ( Persian : سرخاني‎ , also Romanized as Sorkhānī ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kownaciska ( kɔvnaˈt͡ɕiska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Thyagaraya Nagar , popularly known by its abbreviated form T. Nagar , is a neighbourhood in the city of Chennai , India .
The River Orwell flows through the county of Suffolk in England .
Rockefeller Chapel is a Gothic Revival chapel on the campus of the University of Chicago in Chicago , Illinois .
Dohna Castle ( German : Burg Dohna , Czech : Donin ) on the road from German Saxony to Bohemia was the seat of the burgraves of Dohna .
Sar Chah - e Duruznab ( Persian : سرچاه دوروزناب‎ , also Romanized as Sar Chāh - e Dūrūznāb ; also known as Sar Chāh ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dębogard ( dɛmˈbɔɡart ) ( German : Damgardt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Williamsville North High School is a public high school in the Williamsville Central School District of Williamsville , New York .
Engadine High School , ( abbreviation EHS ) is a school located in Engadine , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia , on Porter Road .
Konar Zaghan ( Persian : كنارزاغان‎ , also Romanized as Konār Zāghān ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Conímbriga is one of the largest Roman settlements excavated in Portugal , and was classified as a National Monument in 1910 .
Owasco River ( also known as Owasco Creek , Owasco Lake Outlet , and Owasco Outlet ) is a river in Cayuga County , New York , United States .
Bogus Basin Mountain Recreation Area is a ski area in the western United States , located in southwest Idaho in Boise County , 16 miles ( 26 km ) north - northeast of the city of Boise .
Wołcza Wielka ( ˈvɔu̯t͡ʂa ˈvjɛlka ) ( Kashubian : Wiôlgô Wôłczô , German : Groß Volz ) is a village in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mooghaun ( Irish : Múchán ) is a late Bronze Age hill fort located in County Clare , Ireland .
Toogood Park is a 33-hectare park located in Markham , Ontario , Canada that is best known for its pond .
Florínea ( also : Florínia ) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
The Dr. Herbert S. Nichols House is a house located in southwest Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Graboszyce ( ɡrabɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator , within Oświęcim County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Zachęta National Gallery of Art ( Polish : Narodowa Galeria Sztuki ) , is one of Poland 's most notable institutions for contemporary art . Situated in the centre of Warsaw , the main aim of the gallery is to present and support primarily Polish contemporary art and artists .
Robert F. Hall Catholic Secondary School ( sometimes referred to as Hall or abbreviated as RFH ) is a catholic school located in Caledon , Ontario , Canada .
The Spyker Castle ( German : Schloss Spy(c)ker ) and estate lie on the territory of the municipality of Glowe in the district of Vorpommern - Rügen in the German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
CarolinaEast Medical Center , the flagship hospital of CarolinaEast Health System ( CHS ) , is a 350 bed acute care hospital located in New Bern , North Carolina .
Irar ( Persian : ايرر‎ , also Romanized as Īrar ; also known as Īzar ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Jan Mahmud ( Persian : جان محمود‎ , also Romanized as Jān Maḩmūd ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Dirksen Senate Office Building is the second office building constructed for members of the United States Senate in Washington , D.C. , and was named for the late Minority Leader Everett Dirksen from Illinois in 1972 .
Kopeć ( ˈkɔpɛt͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kabbinale , a village at the foot hills of the Western Ghats ( Sahyadri ) Agumbe range , is situated in Karkala taluk of the Udupi district of Karnataka state , India .
Bahar Kahur ( Persian : بهار كهور‎ , also Romanized as Bahār Kahūr ) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Żabianka and Jelitkowo , Wejhera , Tysiąclecia is one of the quarters of the city of Gdańsk , on the border with Sopot .
Jasionno ( jaˈɕɔnnɔ ) ( German : Eschenhorst ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Plaça de Catalunya station , also known as Barcelona - Plaça Catalunya , Plaça Catalunya or simply Catalunya is a major station complex in Barcelona located under Plaça de Catalunya , the city 's central square and a large transport hub .
Baghijan ( Persian : بغيجان‎ , also Romanized as Baghījān , Baghi Jan , and Begheyjān ; also known as Baqījān and Begaijān ) is a village in Ravar Rural District , in the Central District of Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bacharach Institute for Rehabilitation is an inpatient and outpatient acute rehabilitation hospital with 50 beds located in the Pomona section of Galloway Township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
The Stanley Mitchell hut is an alpine hut located at an altitude of 2,060 metres ( 6,759 ft ) in the Little Yoho Valley in Yoho National Park , British Columbia .
Old Man 's Lake is a small lake near Magnetawan , in the Almaguin Highlands , Parry Sound District , Ontario , Canada .
Estakhr - e Bijar ( Persian : استخربيجار‎ , also Romanized as Estakhr - e Bījār ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Duża Wólka ( ˈduʐa ˈvulka ) ( German : Groß Schwein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice , within Polkowice County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Honkawa Elementary School Peace Museum ( 本川小学校平和資料館 Honkawa Shogakkou Heiwa Shiryokan ) is a museum of the Peace in Honkawacho , Naka - ku , Hiroshima , Japan .
Saint Louis University ( SLU , /ˈsluː/ ) is a private research university with campuses in St. Louis , Missouri , United States and Madrid , Spain .
Situated in the Silesian Voivodeship since its formation in 1999 , Gliwice was previously in Katowice Voivodeship .
Kamak - e Nad Ali ( Persian : كمك نادعلي‎ , also Romanized as Kamak - e Nād ʿAlī ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Crystal Grottoes is the only show cave in the U.S. state of Maryland .
Jackson Technology Center is a public middle school located in Garland , Texas ( USA ) .
The Bartolini Salimbeni Chapel ( Italian : Cappella Bartolini Salimbeni ) is a chapel in the church of Santa Trinita , Florence , central Italy .
Linton Hall School is a Catholic coeducational day - school occupying an 120‑acre campus in Bristow , Virginia , in Prince William County about 60 km ( 37 mi ) west of Washington , D.C ..
Mount Barney is a mountain and locality within the Scenic Rim Region in south - east Queensland , Australia .
Józefówka ( juzɛˈfufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Płonka - Matyski ( ˈpwɔŋka maˈtɨski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Colleville - Montgomery ( Colleville - sur - Orne ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region in northern France .
The Unweave the Weave project is a road construction project , conducted under the operations of the Minnesota Department of Transportation .
The Porter Old Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on Old Meetinghouse Road in Porter , Maine , United States .
Darreh Murdi ( Persian : دره موردي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Mūrdī ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gangasagara is a village in the Y N Hosakote Hobli of Pavagada taluk in Tumkur District , Karnataka , India .
Odemira ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( oðɨˈmiɾɐ ) or ( ɔðɨˈmiɾɐ ) ) is a town and a municipality in Beja District in the Portuguese region of Alentejo .
Krasnystaw County ( Polish : powiat krasnostawski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lublin Voivodeship , eastern Poland .
The civil parish of Caton with Littledale is situated in Lancashire , England near the River Lune .
Chesterville Brick House , also known as Goodings Store , Isaac Spencer House and Salter House , is a historic home and former commercial building located at Chesterville , Kent County , Maryland .
Sharpness ( /ʃɑːrpˈnɛs/ sharp - NESS ) is an English port in Gloucestershire , one of the most inland in Britain , and eighth largest in the South West .
Sloulin Field International Airport ( IATA : ISN , ICAO : KISN , FAA LID : ISN ) is a public use airport serving Williston , a city in Williams County , North Dakota , United States .
Matiaszówka ( matjaˈʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Crystal Valley Cemetery is a cemetery located on Plainview Place in Manitou Springs , Colorado .
Ashopton was a small village in Derbyshire , England , in the vale of the River Ashop .
Daily there are three MSRTC ( Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation ) buses commuting between Mumbai & Thane cities from Savnas village .
Lincoln - Way Central High School or LWC , is a public four - year high school located approximately 3.5 miles south of Interstate 80 near the intersection of Schoolhouse Road and Lincoln Highway in New Lenox , Illinois , a southwest suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Aveyron ( French pronunciation : ​(avɛʁɔ̃ ) ; Occitan : Avairon ( avajˈɾu ) ) is a department located in the north of the Languedoc - Roussillon - Midi - Pyrénées region of southern France named after the Aveyron River .
Capitol Airport ( FAA LID : 02C ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of the central business district of Brookfield , a city in Waukesha County , Wisconsin , United States .
The Fontaine Molière is a fountain in the 1st arrondissement of Paris , at the junction of rue Molière and rue de Richelieu .
Wólka Sulejowska ( ˈvulka sulɛˈjɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Delaware and Hudson Rail Trail is a 19.8-mile ( 31.9 km ) rail trail built along an abandoned Delaware & Hudson Railway ( D&H ) corridor between West Rupert and Castleton , Vermont .
Villa d'Adda ( Éla d'Ada in lombard ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of Bergamo .
The Haile Homestead , also known as Haile Plantation House or Kanapaha , is a historic site and museum in Gainesville , Florida , United States .
Los Flamencos National Reserve is a nature reserve located in the commune of San Pedro de Atacama , Antofagasta Region of northern Chile .
Oldeberkoop ( West Frisian : Aldeberkeap ) is a village consisting of about 1,550 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Blue Lake Museum , located in the former Arcata and Mad River Railroad depot at Railroad and G Streets , Blue Lake , California , has photos and artifacts of Blue Lake pioneer , local Indian , logging and railroad history .
The Houston House , built in 1900 , is an historic Carpenter Gothic style house located at 3708 Mead Avenue in Cincinnati , Ohio .
The Rue de la Ferronnerie is a street in the 1st arrondissement of Paris , in the Les Halles area .
The Cibola National Forest ( pronounced SEE - bo - lah ) is a 1,633,783 acre ( 6,611.7 km2 ) United States National Forest in New Mexico , USA .
Magoebaskloof Pass is situated in the Limpopo Province , on the R71 , the road between Tzaneen and Polokwane , in South Africa .
The Bear Mountain State Parkway is a parkway located in northern Westchester County , New York , in the United States .
Tomb of I'timād - ud - Daulah ( Urdu : اعتماد الدولہ کا مقبرہ‎ , I'timād - ud - Daulah kā Maqbara ) is a Mughal mausoleum in the city of Agra in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Hochwang is a mountain of the Plessur Alps , located between the valleys of Schanfigg and Prättigau in the canton of Graubünden .
Kolta Sar ( Persian : كلتاسر‎ , also Romanized as Koltā Sar ; also known as Koltān Sar ) is a village in Aliyan Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Stone Zoo is a medium - small sized zoo of about 26 acres ( 11 ha ) in Stoneham , Massachusetts , United States , by the Spot Pond reservoir .
The Dr. Lindley Schooley House and Office is a Queen Anne style house in Belmont , Ohio .
Banner Island Ballpark is a baseball stadium located in Stockton , California , which seats 5,200 people with 4,200 fixed seats .
The Cynthia Peninsula is a peninsula in Northeastern Ontario , Canada , situated at the northern end of Lake Temagami .
Cumberland State Forest is a Virginia state forest located in the piedmont of the state , in Cumberland County .
Vorbasse with a population of 1,269 ( 1 January 2014 ) is the 4th largest town in Billund Municipality , Region of Southern Denmark , Denmark .
Kermajan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كرماجان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
John Williams Farm , also known as the Davis B. Williams Farm and Stinson Markley Residence , is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in Charlestown Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Etz Chaim Synagogue is a synagogue in the Old Port neighborhood in Portland , Maine .
Robins Air Force Base ( IATA : WRB , ICAO : KWRB ) is a major United States Air Force installation located in Houston County , Georgia , United States .
Allahabad division is an administrative unit of Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Stampesletta is a multi - use stadium complex in Lillehammer , Norway .
Barfi Kushkarri ( Persian : برفي كوشكري‎ , also Romanized as Barfī Kūshkarrī ; also known as Barfī Gūshkarrī , Jegarlū Gūsh Kanīsh , and Jegarlū Gūsh Karīz ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qasr - e Shirin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Gerhard Marcks Museum or Gerhard Marcks House ( German : Gerhard Marcks Haus ) is a museum in Bremen , Germany , inspired by the work of the sculptor and graphic artist Gerhard Marcks .
The Peridot Mesa vent is a part of the San Carlos volcanic field located in San Carlos , Arizona , USA on the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation .
Serai Naurang is Tehsil of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Lehdarbon ( Persian : لهداربن‎ , also Romanized as Lehdārbon ) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Bohemian Cafe is located at 1406 South 13th Street in the historic Little Bohemia neighborhood of Omaha , Nebraska .
Old Man on His Back Prairie and Heritage Conservation Area is a 5300-hectare Conservation area located in Reno Municipality No . 51 , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Swobnica ( sfɔbˈnit͡sa ) ( formerly German : Wildenbruch in Pommern ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Falahill is a village in the Scottish Borders , in the Moorfoot Hills , at NT387563 , in the Parish of Heriot , and close to the border with Midlothian .
The Fajã Pelada is a permanent debris field , known as a fajã , built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Velas , in the municipality of the same name , island of São Jorge , in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Nob Hill Business Center is a historic shopping center in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Puliyankurichi is a village that belongs to Ganagavalli taluk in the Salem district of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Rosamond Gifford Zoo at Burnet Park is a zoo in Syracuse , New York .
The Famoso Raceway dragstrip is located north of Bakersfield , California , and is known historically as the home to the annual March Meet , also known as the U.S. Fuel and Gas Championships .
The Mersin District 7 Sports Hall ( Turkish : 7 . Bölge Spor Salonu ) is a multi - sport indoor arena located at Toroslar district of Mersin Province , Turkey .
Changsari is a town in Kamrup district of Assam , situated on the north bank of the Brahmaputra River .
Mynydd Illtud is an extensive area of common land near Libanus , Powys , Wales , located in the Brecon Beacons National Park and some three miles south - west of Brecon .
The Chateau Frontenac Apartments was an apartment building located at 10410 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit , Michigan .
Crescent Street ( French : rue Crescent ) is a southbound street located in downtown Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Valdes Island is one of the Gulf Islands located in the Strait of Georgia , British Columbia , Canada .
Kafteh Rud ( Persian : كفته رود‎ , also Romanized as Kafteh Rūd ; also known as Kaft Rūd ) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Marvin 's Marvelous Mechanical Museum , located in Farmington Hills , Michigan , is devoted to a huge collection of coin - operated animatronic dummies , mechanical games and other oddities .
Garur is a town in the Bageshwar district of the state of Uttarakhand , India .
The Charles Piggott House , also known as Piggott 's Castle , is a house located in southwest Portland , Oregon , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Ranch Road 1 ( RR 1 ) is a Ranch Road located in Gillespie and Blanco counties , in the central region of the U.S. state of Texas .
Lir Sukhteh - ye Ludab ( Persian : ليرسوخته لوداب‎ , also Romanized as Līr Sūkhteh - ye Lūdāb ; also known as Līr Sūkhteh ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Hop - o'-Nose Knitting Mill was a structure representative of the industrial history of Catskill , New York in the nineteenth century .
Greenways Road ( Tamil : பசுமைவழிச்சாலை ) is a road and neighbourhood in Chennai , India .
The Fred Robinson Bridge in Montana is a four - span steel - girder bridge over the Missouri River between Fergus County and Phillips County that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012 .
The Boulevard des Capucines is one of the four ' grands boulevards ' in Paris , a chain of boulevards running east - west that also includes Boulevard de la Madeleine , Boulevard des Italiens , and Boulevard Montmartre .
The Maskeliya Dam ( also known as the Maussakelle Dam ) is a large gravity dam at Maskeliya , in the Central Province of Sri Lanka .
Stevens ' Building is an historic commercial building at 24 - 44 Southbridge Street in downtown Worcester , Massachusetts .
Pachore is a Tahsil Place and a nagar panchayat in Rajgarh district of Madhya Pradesh in India .
Denver Academy is an independent , private day school serving grades 1 - 12 in Denver , Colorado .
Washington Gas Building is a high - rise building located in the United States capital of Washington , D.C ..
`` Munsey Trust Building '' was a historic high - rise office building located in Washington , D.C. , United States , on E Street , N.W. , between 12th and 13th Streets ( adjacent to the National Theatre ( Washington , D.C. ) ) .
Eikeren or Eikern is a long and deep lake in the municipalities of Hof in the county of Vestfold and Øvre Eiker in the county of Buskerud , Norway .
Syleham is a small parish , next to the River Waveney in Suffolk , England , about six miles east of Diss .
Krakówki - Zdzichy ( kraˈkufki ˈzd͡ʑixɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Arab Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Mount Arab at Piercefield in St. Lawrence County , New York .
The Neptune Society Columbarium of San Francisco is a columbarium ( repository for human ashes ) owned and operated by the Neptune Society of Northern California , at One Loraine Court , near Stanyan and Anza Streets , just north of Golden Gate Park in San Francisco , California .
Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قلعه خواجه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Duff House is a Georgian estate house in Banff , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Damagheh - ye Sefid ( Persian : دماغه سفيد‎ , also Romanized as Damāgheh - ye Sefīd ; also known as Damāgheh ) is a village in Hamgin Rural District , in the Central District of Dehaqan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mougins ( pronounced : ( mu.ʒæ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The Rattlesnake River is a 3.6-mile - long ( 5.9 km ) river in eastern New Hampshire in the United States .
Split Rock Lighthouse State Park is a state park of Minnesota on the North Shore of Lake Superior .
Lamar Towers are a pair of skyscrapers currently under construction in the city of Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .
The Forksville Covered Bridge is a Burr arch truss covered bridge over Loyalsock Creek in the borough of Forksville , Sullivan County , in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
Tymieniec - Kąty ( tɨˈmjɛɲɛt͡s ˈkɔntɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Summer Lake Wildlife Area ( also known as Summer Lake State Game Management Area ) is a 29.6-square - mile ( 77 km2 ) wildlife refuge located on the northwestern edge of the Great Basin drainage in south - central Oregon .
Żyźniewo ( ʐɨʑˈɲevɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Periperi is a subdistrict north of Salvador , in the Brazilian State of Bahia .
St. Jo Frontier Casino is a riverboat casino on the edge of the Missouri River in St. Joseph , Missouri owned by Affinity Gaming .
The Boonslick Bridge is a series of girder bridges on U.S. Route 40 , Route 5 , and Route 87 across the Missouri River between Cooper County , Missouri and Howard County , Missouri at Boonville , Missouri .
Quartz Hill Airport was an airport in Quartz Hill , California .
The Agglsspitze ( Italian : Cima dell'Accla ; German : Agglsspitze ) is a mountain in South Tyrol , Italy .
Puckapunyal ( more formally the Puckapunyal Military Area , but also known as the Puckapunyal Camp or Puckapunyal Army Base , and colloquially as `` Pucka '' ) is an Australian Army training facility and base 10 km west of Seymour , in central Victoria , south - eastern Australia .
Piccaninnie Ponds Conservation Park is a protected area of 862 hectares ( 2,130 acres ) located in southeastern South Australia near Mount Gambier .
Secaș ( Hungarian : Temesszékás ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
Webster University is an American non - profit private university with its main campus in Webster Groves , Missouri .
Ashford - in - the - Water is a village in the Derbyshire Peak District , England , and on the River Wye .
Charandu ( Persian : چرندو‎ , also Romanized as Charandū and Charandow ; also known as Charnau and Charnū ) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Clear Boggy Creek , also known as the Clear Boggy River , is a 132-mile - long ( 212 km ) creek in southeastern Oklahoma that is a tributary of Muddy Boggy Creek .
The Stampede Grandstand is a 17,000-seat , plus 8,000 more with standing room , stadium in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Hennepin Avenue is a major street in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States .
Thediyur ( also spelled Tediyur or Thethiyur ) is a village in Kudavasal taluk , Tiruvarur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Cayoosh Creek is a northeast - flowing tributary of the Seton River in the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Wysieka ( vɨˈɕeka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland ; it is close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The San Manuel Amphitheater ( originally Glen Helen Pavilion and formerly Blockbuster Pavilion and Hyundai Pavilion ) is a 65,000-capacity amphitheater located in the hills of Glen Helen Regional Park in San Bernardino , California .
Charles W. Van De Mark House is a Queen Anne style historic building located in Clyde , Kansas , United States , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Kamiana ( Ukrainian : Кам'яна ; Romanian : Camena ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Gangak ( Persian : گنگك‎ , also Romanized as Gongak ; also known as Kūīngak ) is a village in Khararud Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Nanhai Academy ( Chinese : 南海學園 ; pinyin : Nánhǎi Xuéyuán ) is a collection of cultural and educational facilities located on Nanhai Road in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei , Taiwan .
KWED ( 1580 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format , licensed to Seguin , Texas .
WBLV ( 90.3 FM ) and WBLU - FM ( 88.9 FM ) , collectively known as `` Blue Lake Public Radio '' , are two public radio stations in the Grand Rapids / Muskegon area of Michigan , USA , owned by the Blue Lake Fine Arts Camp .
Airntully is a village in the Scottish council area of Perth and Kinross , which is to the west of the River Tay , 8 miles ( 11 km ) north of Perth .
Dar Gol ( Persian : درگل‎ , also Romanized as Dar Gel ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Savahel ( Persian : سواحل‎ , also Romanized as Savāḩel ) is a village in Chah - e Mobarak Rural District , Chah - e Mobarak District , Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Whatcote is a village and civil parish in Warwickshire , England , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) northeast of Shipston on Stour .
Sureddipalem is a village in K.Kotapadu Mandal in the Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Murajhar is a Bazar ( same name has a village Panchayat and a Police station ) of Hojai Subdivision of Nagaon district of Assam .
L'Abella is a district in the municipality of Sant Martí de Centelles , in the comarca of Osona ( Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain ) .
Bagnara Calabra ( or simply Bagnara ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in Calabria , southern Italy .
Cruden Bay is a small village in Scotland , on the north coast of the Bay of Cruden in Aberdeenshire , 26 miles ( 42 km ) north of Aberdeen .
Kohneh Kolbad ( Persian : كهنه كلباد‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh Kolbād and Kohneh Kālbād ) is a village in Livan Rural District , Now Kandeh District , Bandar - e Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Berea Union Depot is a train station in Berea , Ohio , United States , which was built in 1876 .
The American Computer & Robotics Museum , formerly known as the American Computer Museum , is a museum of the history of computing , communications , artificial intelligence & robotics that is located in Bozeman , Montana , USA .
Menongue is a town , municipality and the capital of Cuando Cubango Province in Angola .
Sacred Heart , Edinburgh , formally known as the Catholic Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus , is a Roman Catholic church run by the Society of Jesus , close to the city centre of Edinburgh , Scotland , United Kingdom .
Thalavoi ( South ) is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Nukan - e Sofla ( Persian : نوكن سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nūkan - e Soflá ; also known as Nūkand ) is a village in Meymand Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hochschild , Kohn Belvedere and Hess Shoes is a national historic district consisting of a combined department store and shoe store building located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Lajes das Flores ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈlaʒɨʒ ðɐʃ ˈfloɾɨʃ ) ) is municipality in the western part of the Azores ; it includes the southern part of the island of Flores .
St Chad 's Church , Far Headingley is the parish church of Far Headingley in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Richmond Park Academy is an academy status secondary school in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Tymianki - Skóry ( tɨˈmjaŋki ˈskurɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Saint Michaels Mill is a mill building in Saint Michaels , Maryland first built in 1890 and expanded several times until the 1930s .
The Hobart Gap is a strategic pass and road through the Watchung Mountains in Northern New Jersey .
Bargaz - e Bala ( Persian : برگزبالا‎ , also Romanized as Bargaz - e Bālā ) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cham Qamar ( Persian : چم قمر‎ ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Murderers Creek ( or Murderer 's Creek ) is a creek in upstate New York that flows into the Hudson River in Greene County , New York , just north of the town of Athens .
KCWM ( 1460 AM ) is a radio station licensed in Hondo , Texas , USA .
Lawler 's Tavern is a historic commercial building in the village of Mechanicsburg , Ohio , United States .
Bednary - Kolonia ( bɛdˈnarɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cherepivske ( Ukrainian : Черепівське ) is a village ( a selo ) in the Zaporizhia Raion ( district ) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine .
Jaketown Site ( 22 HU 505 ) is an archaeological site with two prehistoric earthwork mounds in Humphreys County , Mississippi , United States .
Clark County Airport ( FAA LID : 8D7 ) is a county - owned public - use airport located two miles ( 3 km ) northeast of the central business district of Clark , in Clark County , South Dakota , United States .
Beli Vir ( Bulgarian : Бели вир ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
The Nisqually Glacier is one of the larger glaciers on the southwestern face of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington .
Khalilabad County ( Persian : شهرستان خلیل‌آباد‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
Jedlanka Stara ( jɛˈdlanka ˈstara ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Meade Senior High School is a public secondary school for grades 9 through 12 located at Fort Meade , Maryland and is administered by Anne Arundel County Public Schools .
Rogity ( rɔˈɡitɨ ) ( German : Regitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Oakland Medical Center , also known as Kaiser Oakland , is a hospital located in Oakland , California , United States , at the intersection of MacArthur Boulevard and Broadway , immediately above downtown Oakland .
Clark County Public Library is the public library of Clark County , Ohio , United States .
Vagabond Army Heliport , formerly Vagabond Army Airfield , is located at the Yakima Training Center ( YTC ) in the state of Washington .
Bard 's Field , or Bard 's Field on Trinity Manor , is a historic home located at Ridge , St. Mary 's County , Maryland , United States .
Cherry Lane Shopping Centre is a 236,149 square foot shopping mall located in Penticton , British Columbia , opened in 1975 .
Barkeh Abi ( Persian : بركه ابي‎ , also Romanized as Barkeh Ābī ) is a village in Dasht - e Laleh Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hoseynabad - e Chahar ( Persian : حسين اباد4‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Chahar ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Javar Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Naunton Beauchamp ( pronounced ' Beechum ' ) is a village and is also a civil parish within Wychavon district in Worcestershire , England .
The Gen. Thomas Hart House near Winchester , Kentucky , in Clark County , was built by 1808 .
Olszewo - Borzymy ( ɔlˈʂɛvɔ bɔˈʐɨmɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Alexander Chapoton House is a Queen Anne style row house located at 511 Beaubien Street in Downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Berinsfield is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire , about 7 miles ( 11 km ) southeast of Oxford .
Barcus ( Basque : Barkoxe ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France in the former province of Soule .
McDougall Lake is a lake in Wells Gray Provincial Park in east - central British Columbia , Canada .
Twelveheads ( Cornish : Dewdhek Stamp ) is a hamlet east of St Day in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kushkari ( Persian : كوشكري‎ , also Romanized as Kūshkarī ) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
La Taha , is a municipality in the Alpujarras region of the province of Granada , Spain .
Creve Coeur Lake Memorial Park ( also called Creve Coeur County Park ) is a 2,145-acre ( 8.68 km2 ) St. Louis County park located in Maryland Heights , Missouri , United States .
Engenho de Dentro is a middle - class and lower - middle - class neighbourhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Gav Sefid - e Kuchek ( Persian : گاوسفيدكوچك‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Sefīd - e Kūchek , Gāv Safīd - e Kūchak , and Gav Sefid Koochak ) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District , Rig District , Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Cochecho River or Cocheco River is a tributary of the Piscataqua River , 38.3 miles ( 61.6 km ) long , in the U.S. state of New Hampshire .
Darabduiyeh - ye Olya ( Persian : درابدوئيه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Darābdū’īyeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Khanuk Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Anapa Urban Okrug ( Russian : городско́й о́круг Ана́па ) is a municipal formation ( an urban okrug ) in Krasnodar Krai , Russia , one of the seven urban okrugs in the krai .
Voxna is a former community ( 1863 - 1951 ) in southern Hälsingland in Ovanåker Municipality along the Bollnäs central railway .
Delvar - e Kuh Siah ( Persian : دلواركوه سياه‎ , also Romanized as Delvār - e Kūh Sīāh ; also known as Dalvār - e Qūch Khvos and Delvār ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Robert F. Swinnie Airport ( IATA : ADR , ICAO : KPHH , FAA LID : PHH ) is a public airport located two miles ( 3 km ) east of the central business district of Andrews , a town in Georgetown County , South Carolina , United States .
École secondaire Père - René - de - Galinée , sometimes known as PRDG , is a French Catholic secondary school in Cambridge , Ontario , Canada .
South Havra ( Old Norse : Hafrey ) is an uninhabited island in the Scalloway Islands , Shetland , Scotland .
Ożarów Pierwszy ( ɔˈʐaruf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Moel Oernant is a 503 m high hill in the community of Trawsfynydd in the county of Gwynedd in North Wales .
The Palais Bartolotti - Partenfeld is a city - palace in central Vienna , Austria .
The Mica Dam is a hydroelectric dam spanning the Columbia River 135 kilometres north of Revelstoke , British Columbia , Canada , as one of three Canadian projects built under the terms of the Columbia River Treaty .
Kolvanaq ( Persian : كلوانق‎ ; also Romanized as Kolvānaq ; also known as Kolvānag , Kalvānā , Kilvana , and Kolvānā ) is a city in the Central District of Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Si Miller Arena , formerly known as Water Street Arena , is an indoor arena located at 229 Water Street East in Cornwall , Ontario .
The Campus of Drexel University is divided into : four sites in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- the University City Campus , the Center City Hahnemann Campus , the Queen Lane College of Medicine Campus , and the Academy of Natural Sciences ; and one in California -- the Drexel University Sacramento Campus .
The Paluxy River , also known as the Paluxy Creek , is a river in the U.S. state of Texas .
Bamburgh ( /ˈbæmbrə/ BAM - brə ) is a large village and civil parish on the coast of Northumberland , England .
Douglas Falls are a 60-foot waterfall located in Buncombe County , North Carolina , USA .
The Ramsey County Poor Farm Barn served as home and work for the indigent in Ramsey County , Minnesota , United States .
Cumwhitton is a small village and civil parish close to Carlisle in Cumbria , England .
Rhiwfawr is a hamlet of 40 houses in the Swansea Valley , in Neath Port Talbot county borough , Wales .
Nottinghamshire ( pronounced /ˈnɒtɪŋəmʃə/ or /ˈnɒtɪŋəmˌʃɪə/ ; abbreviated Notts ) is a county in the East Midlands of England , bordering South Yorkshire to the north - west , Lincolnshire to the east , Leicestershire to the south , and Derbyshire to the west .
Chamaz Koti ( Persian : چمازكتي‎ , also Romanized as Chamāz Kotī and Chamāz Katī ; also known as Chamāz Kolā ) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wiltshire ( /ˈwɪltʃər/ or /ˈwɪltʃɪər/ ) is a county in South West England with an area of 3,485 km2 ( 1,346 square miles ) .
Konar Miri ( Persian : كنارميري‎ , also Romanized as Konār Mīrī ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jirsar - e Chukam ( Persian : جيرسرچوكام‎ , also Romanized as Jīrsar - e Chūkām ) is a village in Chukam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Skalmierz ( ˈskalmjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Chemung Canal Bank Building is located at 415 East Water Street in Elmira , Chemung County , New York , United States .
Thornewood Open Space Preserve is a small regional park located in the Santa Cruz Mountains in San Mateo County .
Ramjin Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رامجين‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Darreh Shureh ( Persian : دره شوره‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Shūreh and Darreh Shūr ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ji'an ( Chinese : 吉安 ; pinyin : Jí'ān ) is a prefecture - level city in Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Hunan to the west .
The Lynchburg Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge that spans the east fork of the Little Miami River in Lynchburg , Ohio .
Lennoxtown ( Scottish Gaelic : Baile na Leamhnachd , pronounced ( b̊alə nə ʎãũnəxɡ̊ ) ) is a town in East Dunbartonshire , Scotland at the foot of the Campsie Fells , which are just to the north .
Sollefteå Municipality ( Swedish : Sollefteå kommun ) is a Swedish municipality in Västernorrland County .
Ornsay is a small tidal island to the east of the Sleat peninsula on the Isle of Skye in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland .
Minyor Stadium ( Bulgarian : Стадион `` Миньор '' ) ( nicknamed The Stadium of Peace ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Pernik , Bulgaria .
The Hohenzollern Redoubt ( Hohenzollernwerk ) was a defensive strongpoint of the German 6th Army on the Western Front during World War I , at Auchy - les - Mines near Loos - en - Gohelle in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France .
The Hanging Hills of south central Connecticut , USA are a range of mountainous trap rock ridges overlooking the city of Meriden and the Quinnipiac River Valley 900 feet ( 274 m ) below .
Abkuh ( Persian : ابكوه‎ , also Romanized as Ābkūh ) is a village in Fariman Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
United Center is an indoor sports arena located in the Near West Side neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois .
Little Rock Dam also known as Littlerock Dam , or officially as Little Rock - Palmdale Dam is a concrete gravity dam on Little Rock Creek in Los Angeles County , California , located about 5 mi ( 8.0 km ) south of Palmdale .
Băuțar ( Hungarian : Alsóbaucár ) is a commune in Caraș - Severin County , western Romania with a population of 2.813 people .
Bočna ( pronounced ( ˈboːtʃna ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gornji Grad in Slovenia .
Tolombeh - ye Bamri ( Persian : تلمبه بامري‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Bāmrī ) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Alkali Lake Chemical Waste Dump is a hazardous waste disposal site near the southwest edge of Alkali Lake , a seasonally dry playa in Lake County , Oregon .
Świercze - Siółki ( ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂɛ ˈɕuu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Shah Ali Beyglu ( Persian : شاه علي بيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Shāh `` Alī Beyglū ; also known as Shalveli ) is a village in Kaghazkonan - e Shomali Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 65 , in 29 families .
Águas Belas ( Beautiful Waters ) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco .
Chłopska Kępa ( ˈxwɔpska ˈkɛmpa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Cummins Falls is a waterfall on the Blackburn Fork State Scenic River and is located in southern Jackson County , Tennessee .
Arangu - ye Bala ( Persian : ارنگوبالا‎ , also Romanized as Ārangū - ye Bālā and Ārangū Bālā ; also known as Ārangū , Āremgū , and Ārengūy - e Bālā ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Barez Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بارز‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Wrexham County Borough ( Welsh : Bwrdeistref Sirol Wrecsam ( ˈwrɛksam ) ) is a local government principal area centred on the town of Wrexham in north - east Wales .
Broken Bow Municipal Airport ( IATA : BBW , ICAO : KBBW , FAA LID : BBW ) ( Keith Glaze Field ) is two miles north of Broken Bow , in Custer County , Nebraska .
Sekłak ( ˈsɛkwak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sar Poleh ( Persian : سرپله‎ ) is a village in Sarab Bagh Rural District , Sarab Bagh District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Elk Rock Island is an island within the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Payson Airport ( IATA : PJB , ICAO : KPAN , FAA LID : PAN ) is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) west of the central business district of Payson , a town in Gila County , Arizona , United States .
Marmot Basin is an alpine ski area located in Alberta 's Jasper National Park .
Now Dad ( Persian : نوداد‎ , also Romanized as Now Dād ) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gerthe is a part of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in Germany .
Shelin ( Persian : شلين‎ , also Romanized as Shelīn ; also known as Shelī and Shelīn Dīreh ) is a village in Direh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Marshall Steam Station is a coal power plant located at 35 ° 35′51``N 80 ° 57′53''W in Terrell , Catawba County , North Carolina , United States and owned by Duke Energy .
Ojdula ( Hungarian : Ozsdola , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈoʒdolɒ ) ) is a commune in Covasna County , Romania composed of two villages :
Bohregh - e Bala ( Persian : بهرغ بالا‎ , also Romanized as Bohregh - e Bālā ; also known as Sarg Dār ) is a village in Takht Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Cairn na Burgh Mòr ( also Cairnburgh More ) is one of the Treshnish Isles in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland .
The Bishop Manor Estate is a historic estate near St. Elmo in rural Mobile County , Alabama , United States .
WIUS ( 88.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Western Illinois University , the station serves the Macomb , Illinois area .
The Ocean Forest Hotel was the one of the first major hotels in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , U.S.A. The Ocean Forest and the adjoining Ocean Forest Country Club and Golf Course were the vision of John T. Woodside , a textile magnate from Greenville , South Carolina .
Rytel ( ˈrɨtɛl ) ( German : Rittel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kąśna Górna ( ˈkɔ̃ɕna ˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciężkowice , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Călmățuiu de Sus ( called Băsești until 1968 ) is a commune in Teleorman County , Romania .
The Ancienne Laiterie de Madame is a dairy built by Jean - François - Thérèse Chalgrin in 1780 for Marie Josephine Louise of Savoy , spouse of Louis XVIII of France located in Versailles .
The Castel Béranger is a residential building with twenty - six apartments located at 14 rue de la Fontaine in the 16th arrondissement of Paris .
Tekti is a small river village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma .
Evraiomnimata ( Greek : Εβραιομνήματα ) is a neighbourhood in the city of Patras , Achaea , Greece .
Oxley Green is a hamlet on the B1023 road , in between the villages of Tiptree and Tolleshunt D'Arcy , in the Maldon District of Essex .
The Louis C. Powledge Unit ( B2 , originally the Beto II Unit ) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice ( TDCJ ) prison for men located in unincorporated Anderson County , Texas .
KCSY ( 106.3 FM , `` Sunny FM '' ) is a radio station broadcasting out of Twisp , Washington .
Farrokh Shahr ( Persian : فرخشهر‎ ; formerly , Ghahfarokh , Ghahfarrokh , Qahfarokh , and Qahfarrokh ) is a city in the Central District of Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Mantua Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in Mantua Township , Gloucester County , New Jersey in the United States .
The Cornelius Public Library is the municipal library serving the city of Cornelius in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Wannalancit Street Historic District is a historic district at 14 - 71 Wannalancit St. , and 390 , 406 Pawtucket Street in Lowell , Massachusetts .
Stara Maszyna ( ˈstara maˈʂɨna ) ( Kashubian : Stôrô Maszina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Church Park Historic District is a historic district and part of downtown Goshen , the seat of Orange County , New York , USA .
Plumas - Eureka State Park is a California state park located in the Sierra Nevada and Cascade Range in Plumas County , California .
The Lehigh Line Connection connects Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor ( NEC ) with the Conrail Lehigh Line two miles south of downtown Newark , New Jersey .
Kateh Posht ( Persian : كته پشت‎ ) is a village in Rudbar - e Shahrestan Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Edison Township Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school system , serving students in Kindergarten through 12th grade from Edison , in Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States .
Gerra ( Verzasca ) is a part of the municipality of Cugnasco - Gerra in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Lake Georgetown is a reservoir on the north fork of the San Gabriel River in central Texas in the United States .
Northern Quest Resort & Casino is an Indian casino in Airway Heights , Washington , near Spokane , owned and operated by the Kalispel Tribe .
Tabor Wielki ( ˈtabɔr ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Chigmit Mountains are a subrange of the Aleutian Range in the Kenai Peninsula and Lake and Peninsula Boroughs of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Banasiówka ( banaˈɕufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Foluszek ( fɔˈluʂɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Fred George Basin Greenway is a Greenway park project in northwestern Tallahassee , Florida , covering 175 acres ( 71 ha ) , including Fred George Sink that runs alongside Fred George Road near Capital Circle .
Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County , South Dakota between Harrisburg , South Dakota and Granite , Iowa .
The Raeffsky Islands or Raevski Islands ( French : Îles Raéffsky or Îles Raevski ) is a subgroup with just over 3000 people in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia .
The Coen Cuserhof is a former orphanage in Haarlem .
The Hiram M. Chittenden Locks , or Ballard Locks , is a complex of locks at the west end of Salmon Bay , in Seattle , Washington 's Lake Washington Ship Canal , between the neighborhoods of Ballard to the north and Magnolia to the south .
The Mount Royal Station and Trainshed was the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad 's third train station in Baltimore , Maryland , at the north end of the Baltimore Belt Line 's Howard Street tunnel in the fashionable Bolton Hill neighborhood .
The Carlton County Courthouse in Carlton , Minnesota , United States , is the county seat of Carlton County , Minnesota .
The Church of Saint Athanasius on Via Tiburtina ( Italian : Sant'Atanasio a Via Tiburtina , Latin : S. Athanasii ad viam Tiburtinam ) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome , built as a parish church .
The Pleasant Hill United Church of Christ is a historic church in the village of Pleasant Hill in the western part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
Sapunki ( saˈpuŋkʲi ) ( German : Klein Sapuhnen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wenningstedt - Braderup ( Söl'ring : Woningstair - Brääderep , Danish : Venningsted - Brarup ) is a municipality and seaside resort on the island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Bridge in Oil Creek Township , also known as Holiday Bridge , is a historic metal truss bridge spanning Oil Creek at Oil Creek Township , Crawford County , Pennsylvania .
The Murdock River ( French : Rivière Murdock ) is a river in Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Hajdukovo ( Serbian : Хајдуково , Hajdukovo , Hungarian : Hajdújárás , Croatian : Hajdukovo ) is a village located in the Subotica municipality , in the North Bačka District of Serbia .
The Redoubt of Dois Paus ( Portuguese : Reduto dos Dois Paus ) is a fortification situated on the peninsula of Monte Brasil , in the civil parish of Sé , in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo , in the Porutguese archipelago of the Azores .
Chipindo is a town and municipality in Huíla Province in Angola . , situated 450 km North of Lubango , Huila province capital .
Hajjiabad - e Yek ( Persian : حاجي اباديك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Yek ; also known as Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Malnia ( ˈmalɲa ) ( German Mallnie ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Anchor Bankside is a pub in the London Borough of Southwark .
Qomi Kola ( Persian : قمي كلا‎ , also Romanized as Qomī Kolā and Qomī Kalā ) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ranch to Market Road 620 , Ranch Road 620 , or RM 620 is a Ranch to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .
The Nash Rocky Mount Early College is a high school located at the outskirts of Rocky Mount , North Carolina .
Qermez Tappeh ( Persian : قرمزتپه‎ , also Romanized as Qarmaz Tepe ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Barrackville Covered Bridge spans 145 feet ( 44 m ) in a single span across Buffalo Creek near Barrackville , West Virginia .
Umm al - Quwain ( Arabic : أمّ القيوين‎ ) is the least populous of the seven sovereign emirates in the United Arab Emirates , located in the north of the country .
The Atlanta History Center ( AHC ) is a history museum and research center located in the Buckhead district of Atlanta , Georgia .
Czerwony Kościół ( t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɨ ˈkɔɕt͡ɕuu̯ ) ( German : Hochkirch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyce , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hamzeh Deh - e Sofla ( Persian : حمزه ده سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Deh - e Soflá ; also known as Ḩamzeh Deh - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jabah Dar ( Persian : جبه دار‎‎ , also Romanized as Jabah Dār and Jabahdār ) is a village in Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Lloyd Noble Center is an 11,562-seat multi - purpose arena located in Norman , Oklahoma , some 19 miles ( 31 km ) south of downtown Oklahoma City .
Poganówko ( pɔɡaˈnufkɔ ) ( German : Klein Bürgersdorf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Golden Plains Festival is held over three days during the Victorian Labour Day long - weekend on private farmland in Victoria , Australia .
Qusheh ( Persian : قوشه‎ , also Romanized as Qūsheh ; also known as Gusheh , and Qosheh ) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Dehla Chattha ( Urdu : چٹھا‎ , Punjabi : ਚੱਠਾ ) ) , is a village on Alipur Chatha Road , in Wazirabad Tehsil , in the Gujranwala District of Pakistan .
Çilimli is a town and a district of Düzce Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey . Cilimli has a population of 7200 people .
Brütten is a municipality in the district of Winterthur , in the Canton of Zürich , Switzerland .
Number Ten Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Belleville , Hastings County , Ontario , Canada .
Onigam Lake is a lake in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Unorganized Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
The Hilltop Reservation is a nature preserve located in Essex County , New Jersey , in the host communities of Cedar Grove , North Caldwell and Verona .
The Bloomington Ferry Trail Bridge is a bicycle trail / pedestrian bridge over the Minnesota River between Bloomington , Minnesota and Shakopee , Minnesota .
St Nicholas - at - Wade ( or St Nicholas ) is both a village and a civil parish in the Thanet District of Kent , England .
Dalwal ( Urdu : ڈلوال‎ ) is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32 ° 42'0N 72 ° 52'60E Its very old village which is linked with Raja Daulta Khan .
Musiejówka ( muɕeˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kardijan ( Persian : كرديجان‎ , also Romanized as Kardījān and Kordījān ; also known as Gardījān , Kardīān , and Qardīān ) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Ordiarp ( Basque : Urdiñarbe ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Sievering is a suburb of Vienna and part of Döbling , the 19th district of Vienna .
Lavenham is a village , civil parish and electoral ward in Suffolk , England .
Llwydcoed is a small village north of the Cwm Cynon near the town of Aberdare , Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales .
Saare County ( Estonian : Saare maakond ) , or Saaremaa , ( Latin : Osilia or Oesel ; German : Ösel ) is one of 15 counties of Estonia .
Kalateh - ye Mohammad Gholam ( Persian : كلاته محمدغلام‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Moḩammad Gholām ) is a village in Jolgeh - e Mazhan Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kalapodi ( Greek : Καλαπόδι ) is a village in the Lokroi municipality , Phthiotis , Central Greece .
Wiatrołuża Pierwsza ( vjatrɔˈwuʐa ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kamyshinsky Uyezd ( Russian : Камышинский уезд ) was an administrative division ( an uyezd ) of Saratov Governorate in the Russian Empire and the early Russian SFSR .
Omulno ( ɔˈmulnɔ ) ( German : Vorwerk Lassere ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Śmieły ( ˈɕmjɛwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Dowr Ab ( Persian : دوراب‎ , also Romanized as Dowr Āb ) is a village in Mehravan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Deh - e Darreh ( Persian : ده دره‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Darreh , Deh Darah , and Deh Darreh ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Thomas Viaduct spans the Patapsco River and Patapsco Valley between Relay and Elkridge , Maryland , USA .
The Calls is an area and street by the River Aire in Leeds city centre , West Yorkshire , England .
Oglebay Park is a self - supporting public municipal park , the only one of its kind , located on the outskirts of Wheeling , West Virginia on 1,650 acres ( 670 ha ) .
Emam Abbas - e Olya ( Persian : امام عباس عليا‎ , also Romanized as Emām ʿAbbās - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 155 , in 29 families .
Wumatang ( དབུ་མ་ཐང། ) is a small town and township - level division in Damxung County in the Lhasa Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
The Lycée Kléber is a French public secondary school located in the Alsatian capital Strasbourg .
Laobian District ( simplified Chinese : 老边区 ; traditional Chinese : 老邊區 ; pinyin : Lǎobiān Qū ) is a district of the city of Yingkou , Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Mowtowr - e Ab Sabz ( Persian : موتوراب سبز‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Āb Sabz ) is a village in Vakilabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tremeirchion ( previously known as Lleweni ) is a small residential community in Denbighshire , Wales .
The Tiffany and Company Building is the landmarked former home of the Tiffany and Company store at 401 Fifth Avenue , Manhattan , New York City , New York .
The Mount Tom Station was a coal - fired power plant located in Holyoke , Massachusetts .
The Henry Klindt House , is a located in the West End of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Bakers Narrows , Manitoba , is a small residential community approximately 20 km ( 12 mi ) southeast of Flin Flon on Lake Athapapuskow .
Eleyas ( Persian : الياس‎ , also Romanized as Eleyās and Elyās ; also known as Elyās - e Ābezhdān and Elyās Moḩebbī ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Place du Châtelet ( French pronunciation : ​(plas dy ʃatlɛ ) ) is a public square in Paris , on the right bank of the river Seine , on the borderline between the 1st and 4th arrondissements .
The first of the ten residential colleges of the University of California , Santa Cruz , established in 1965 , Cowell College sits on the edge of a redwood forest with a remarkable view of Monterey Bay .
Nocona Airport ( FAA LID : F48 ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southwest of the central business district of Nocona , a city in Montague County , Texas , United States .
Bazangi ( Persian : بازنگي‎ , also Romanized as Bāzangī ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Lake Burrumbeet is a large but shallow eutrophic lake in central western Victoria , Australia .
The Underwood Wind Farm ( Enbridge Ontario Wind Farm ) is a wind farm located in Bruce County , Ontario , near the shores of Lake Huron .
Seh Eshgaftan Sabzi ( Persian : سه اشگفتان سبزي‎ , also Romanized as Seh Eshgaftān Sabzī ; also known as Sarash Gaft , Sar Eshgaft , Seh Eshgaftān , and Seh Eshkaftan ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Dellville Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Dellville in Wheatfield Township , Perry County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Dollhouse Museum ( German : Puppenhausmuseum ) in Basel is the largest museum of its kind in Europe .
The Pancake Range is located in east - central Nevada in the United States .
The Riverside Studio in Tulsa , Oklahoma , United States , also known as Tulsa Spotlight Club or Spotlight Theatre , was built in 1928 .
Santo Antônio dos Milagres ( Portuguese meaning `` Saint Anthony of the Miracles '' ) is a municipality in the western part of the state of Piauí , Brazil .
Puriši ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пуриши ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Leśnia ( ˈlɛɕɲa ) ( German : Berghof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Malvern Roller Mill , also known as Appel Mill and Malvern Milling Company , is a 19th - century grist mill located near the unincorporated village of Malvern , Illinois , in rural Whiteside County , north of Morrison , Illinois , United States .
Sigiełki ( ɕiˈɡʲɛu̯kʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Сигельки , Syhel’ky ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszów , within Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Yookamurra Sanctuary is a 50 km2 nature reserve in the Murraylands region of South Australia , between the eastern slopes of the Mount Lofty Ranges and the Murray River , 24 km north - east of the town of Sedan .
The Taylor - Chase - Smythe House ( also known as Quarters NB-1 Chase Lane , Naval Education and Training Center ) is an historic house on the Middletown portion of Naval Station Newport ( most of which is in Newport , Rhode Island . )
Balte ( Cyrillic : Балте ) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
KZPK ( 98.9 FM ) `` Wild Country 99 '' is a radio station in St. Cloud , Minnesota airing a country music format .
Wierzowice Małe ( vjɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gangolihat is a small Himalayan hill town in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand , India .
Nadir Shah Kot District ( Pashto : نادر شاه کوټ ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی نادرشاه کوت‎ ) is situated in the western part of Khost Province , Afghanistan .
Oeffelt is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant , part of the Boxmeer municipality , about 5 km north of Boxmeer town and 6 km west of the border with the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Klanxbüll ( Danish Klangsbøl , Frisian Klångsbel ) is a municipality on the mainland in the northwest corner of Schleswig - Holstein , in Kreis Nordfriesland , Germany .
Aan de Pegstukken ( English : At the Pegstukken ) is a windmill located on De Pegstukken 27 in Schijndel , North Brabant , Netherlands .
The Palazzo San Giorgio or Palace of St. George ( also known as the Palazzo delle Compere di San Giorgio ) is a palace in Genoa , Italy .
Mowtowr Pamp - e Azadegan ( Persian : موتورپم پازادگان‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp - e Āzādegān ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kamareh - ye Mishnan ( Persian : كمره ميشنان‎‎ , also Romanized as Kamareh - ye Mīshnān ; also known as Kamareh , Mīshnān , and Tang - e Hāleh ) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Brzóstów ( ˈbʐustuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Naubatpur is a satellite town in Patna Metropolitan Region in Patna district in the Indian state of Bihar .
The Edward W. Bok Technical High School was a public high school in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , designed by Irwin Catharine and named after Edward William Bok .
Rensselaer at Hartford is the Hartford , Connecticut branch of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute of Troy , NY .
Xiaguan District was an administrative district within the city of Nanjing , in Jiangsu province , China .
Wylatowo ( vɨlaˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Impati Mountain is a mountain near the town of Dundee in the province of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
West Putford is a small settlement and civil parish in the local government district of Torridge , Devon , England .
Grzybków ( ˈɡʐɨpkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Salameh - ye Vosta ( Persian : سلامه وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Salāmeh - ye Vosţá , and Salāmeh - ye Vostá ; also known as Salāmeh - ye Mīānī ) is a village in Dorunak Rural District , Zeydun District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gostyczyna ( ɡɔstɨˈt͡ʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Turkołówka ( turkɔˈwufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
North Tolsta ( Scottish Gaelic : Tolastadh bho Thuath ) is a village in the Scottish Outer Hebrides , on the east side of the Isle of Lewis .
Villaurbana ( Biddobrana in Sardinian language ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) east of Oristano .
Berden Priory was a priory in Essex , England .
The Order of Gimghoul is a collegiate secret society headquartered at Hippol ( or Gimghoul ) Castle in Chapel Hill , North Carolina .
James and Mary Lawson House is located in Woodstown , Salem County , New Jersey , United States .
The canton of Seyne to which Barles belongs is in area 1b ( low risk ) according to the deterministic classification of 1991 and based on its seismic history and in zone 4 ( medium risk ) according to the probabilistic classification EC8 of 2011 .
Bonashk ( Persian : بن اشك‎ , also Romanized as Bonāshḵ ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Tlaquilpa is a municipality located in the south zone in the State of Veracruz , about 105 km from the state capital of Xalapa .
Russell Langmaid Public School is a former elementary school in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Mkhondo Local Municipality , is a South African local municipality situated in the Gert Sibande District Municipality , of Mpumalanga .
Dadehar Sahib is a village in the Indian state of Punjab , district of Amritsar .
Fall River State Park is a state park in Greenwood County , Kansas USA , southwest of the city of Toronto .
Fariman Rural District ( Persian : دهستان فريمان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
On 1 January 2016 , Autafond was annexed by the municipality of Belfaux .
Siarastaq ( Persian : سيارستاق‎ , also Romanized as Sīārastāq ) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Aradale Mental Hospital was an Australian psychiatric hospital , located in Ararat , a rural city in Victoria , Australia .
Glengormley ( from Irish : Gleann Ghormlaithe , meaning `` Gormlaith 's valley '' ) is the name of a townland ( of 215 acres ) and electoral ward in County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
The Worcester Corset Company Factory is an historic factory building at 30 Wyman Street in Worcester , Massachusetts in the Main South neighborhood .
Cleeton St Mary ( or Cleeton ) is a small village in south Shropshire , England .
Stajki ( ˈstai̯ki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Greenbank House , is a Grade II - listed building in Liverpool , England .
Dungannon ( from Irish : Dún Geanainn , meaning `` Geanann 's stronghold '' ) is a town in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Mehrabad - e Chaft Sar ( Persian : مهرابادچفت سر‎ , also Romanized as Mehrābād - e Chaft Sar ; also known as Mehrābād ) is a village in Larim Rural District , Gil Khuran District , Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Blackwell Field ( FAA LID : 71J ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 2.3 mi , 3.7 km ) southeast of the central business district of Ozark , in Dale County , Alabama , United States .
Entiako Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the south flank of the Nechako River watercourse .
Lewis and Clark Landing is a public park located at 515 North Riverfront Drive in Downtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Bon Shahr ( Persian : بن شهر‎ ) is a village in Bondar Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Eyumodjock ( also spelled Eyumojock or Eyumojok ) is a town and commune in Cameroon , and the sub - divisional headquarters of the Eyumjock sub - division in the Manyu division .
Haysfield Airport - MD24 was an airport located in Howard County , Maryland
Młynisk ( ˈmwɨnisk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Wigglesworth Building is a historic building at 89 - 83 Franklin Street in the Financial District of Boston , Massachusetts .
The formally independent municipality Rethen is part of the municipality Vordorf in Northern Germany .
Welch Village is an American ski resort near Red Wing , Minnesota .
Clippesby is a small village in Eastern England within the Great Yarmouth Borough Council area , Norfolk ; located on the B1152 and surrounded by the Norfolk Broads .
Nine Mile Creek Aqueduct is a restored stone and wood aqueduct of the Erie Canal over Nine Mile Creek in Camillus , New York .
Gol va Mol ( Persian : گل ومل‎ , also known as Gol Mol , Golmol , and Golomel ) is a village in Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kharabeh - ye Senji ( Persian : خرابه سنجي‎ , also Romanized as Kharābeh - ye Senjī ; also known as Kharābeh ) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Seybian ( Persian : سيبيان‎ , also Romanized as Seybīān ; also known as Seybān and Sebīān ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Midwest Christian College was a private , Christian college established in 1946 in Oklahoma City , OK.During its first year , it enrolled thirty - three students .
Felts Field ( IATA : SFF , ICAO : KSFF , FAA LID : SFF ) is a public airport five miles northeast of downtown Spokane , in Spokane County , Washington .
Kamard ( Persian : كمرد‎ ) is a village in Jajrud Rural District , in the Jajrud District of Pardis County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Balsillie School of International Affairs ( BSIA ) is a centre for advanced research and teaching on global governance and international public policy , located in Waterloo , Ontario .
Rudgar Mahalleh ( Persian : رودگرمحله‎ , also Romanized as Rūdgar Maḩalleh ) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District , Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Beypore or Beypur is an ancient port town and a Municipality town in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala , India .
The Hueco Mountains are a range of mountains that rise in southern Otero County , New Mexico and extend twenty - seven miles south into Texas , generally along the El Paso--
Tannerre - en - Puisaye is a commune in the Yonne department , in Burgundy , in north - central France .
Alamabad - e Olya ( Persian : عالم ابادعليا‎ , also Romanized as `` Ālamābād - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Doab Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 167 , in 30 families .
Buxton Park Arboretum 5.4 acres ( 2.2 ha ) is an arboretum and botanical garden located at the intersection of North Buxton Street and West Girard Avenue , Indianola , Iowa .
The La Plata Mountains are a small subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the southwestern part of Colorado , United States .
The Hotel Tuller once stood at Adams Avenue West , Bagley Street , and Park Avenue across from Grand Circus Park in downtown Detroit , Michigan .
The Roca dels Moros or Caves of El Cogul is a rock shelter containing outstanding paintings of prehistoric Levantine rock art . The site is in El Cogul , in the autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Emirates Golf Club located in Dubai , UAE is a 18 hole golf course in Dubai .
Columbia County Airport ( IATA : HCC , FAA LID : 1B1 ) is a county - owned public use airport in Columbia County , New York , United States .
The Dutch House is a historic multi - unit residential building at 20 Netherlands Road in Brookline , Massachusetts .
The Salt River Valley is an extensive valley on the Salt River in central Arizona , which contains the Phoenix Metropolitan Area .
Gosaviyeh ( Persian : گساويه‎ , also Romanized as Gosāvīyeh ; also known as Kosāvīyeh ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Eglwysilan is an ecclesiastical parish and hamlet in Wales , within the community of Aber Valley in the unitary authority of Caerphilly County Borough .
Pas Kamar ( Persian : پس كمر‎ ) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Torsa ( occasionally Torsay ) is one of the Slate Islands in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Chicago - Read Mental Health Center ( CRMHC ) is a state - run inpatient JCAHO - accredited psychiatric facility with between 150 and 200 beds located in the neighborhood of Dunning on the northwest side of the city of Chicago close to O'Hare International Airport in the state of Illinois .
Tattnall Square Academy is an independent , non - profit , Christian , college preparatory academy located in Macon , Georgia .
Boz Quch - e Sofla ( Persian : بزقوچ سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Boz Qūch - e Soflá , Buzqūch Sofla , and Bozghooch Sofla ; also known as Boz Qūch - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Büchenbronn Observation Tower , built in 1883 , is situated on the Buechenbronn height ( 608.50 m.ue . N.N. ) in the proximity of Pforzheim in the state of Baden - Württemberg , south - west Germany .
The Courtney Campbell Causeway is the northernmost bridge across Old Tampa Bay , carrying State Road 60 between Clearwater and Tampa , Florida .
The Singapore Math Method is the foundation of the math curriculum at Harlem Academy , which is the first school in Manhattan to adopt the system .
Västervång ( Westplace ) is a neighbourhood of Malmö , situated in the Borough of Västra Innerstaden , Malmö Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden .
North Central State College is a two - year state college , located in Mansfield , Ohio .
Tabar Kalayeh ( Persian : تبركلايه‎ , also Romanized as Tabar Kalāyeh ; also known as Tabar Kalā - ye Gelrūdbār and Tabar Kalā - ye Kalrūdbār ) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sumar District ( Persian : بخش سومار‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Qasr - e Shirin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Zamin Sarv ( Persian : زمين سرو‎ , also Romanized as Zamīn Sarv ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The William Marston House is a historic house at 71 Cotuit Road in the Marstons Mills area of Barnstable , Massachusetts .
Pine Tree High School is a suburban public high school located in the city of Longview , Texas , in Gregg County , United States and classified as a 5A school by the UIL .
Gilbert and Samuel McKown House , also known as `` Marshy Dell , '' , is a historic home located near Gerrardstown , Berkeley County , West Virginia .
The Southern Terminal , Susquehanna and Tidewater Canal is a national historic district at Havre de Grace , Harford County , Maryland , United States .
Zbrojów ( ˈzbrɔjuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn , within Skarżysko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Ballinagh , officially Bellananagh ( Irish : Béal Átha na nEach , meaning `` ford - mouth of the horses '' ) , is a village in County Cavan , Ireland .
Deh - e Gargich ( Persian : ده گرگيچ‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Gargīch ; also known as Deh - e Gargīj and Gargīj ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Tazeh Kand - e Nasirabad ( Persian : تازه كندنصيراباد‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Naşīrābād ; also known as Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Dikleh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The North Kowloon Magistracy ( 北九龍裁判法院 / 北九龍裁判司署 before 1 July 1997 ) is a historic building and former Magistrate 's Court located at No . 292 , Tai Po Road , Shek Kip Mei , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Crossings Christian School serves students in the greater Oklahoma City , Oklahoma area .
The Jarmulowsky Bank Building is a 12-story building formerly housing the Jarmulowsky Bank on the Lower East Side of Manhattan , New York City .
As a part of municipal reform of the Bonn area Uckerath , and thus also the village Rütsch , were assigned to the then - new independent municipality Hennef ( Sieg ) .
Bovel ( Breton : Bovel , Gallo : Bovèu ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in north - France .
Go - Karts Plus is an action park in Lightfoot , Virginia , USA , which is considered part of the greater Williamsburg , Virginia area .
Westerville North High School is a public high school in Westerville , Ohio in Delaware County , Ohio .
The Mayo Civic Center - named for William Worrall Mayo - is a multi - purpose event facility in Rochester , Minnesota .
Church Street Graveyard is a historic city cemetery located in Mobile , Alabama .
Busk Raion ( Ukrainian : Буський район ) is a raion ( district ) in Lviv Oblast ( region ) in western Ukraine .
KANV ( 91.3 FM ) , is a National Public Radio - affiliated radio station in Olsburg , Kansas , USA .
Wiewiórowo ( vjɛvjuˈrɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Viverow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Manowo , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Curles Neck Plantation ( also known as Curles Neck Farm ) is located between State Route 5 and the north bank of the James River in the Varina district of Henrico County , Virginia .
Shahrak - e Barreh Mordeh ( Persian : شهرك بره مرده‎ ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Frederick W. Neef House is a house in Denver , Colorado , United States that was built in 1886 .
The Bayshore Mall is an indoor shopping mall located in Eureka , California owned and managed by Rouse Properties , a former division of General Growth Properties , one of the largest mall owners in the United States .
Baguley railway station was a station in the South of Manchester , England , at the extreme western edge of Baguley near the southern end of Brooklands Road where Shady Lane crossed the railway line .
Salesforce Tower , formerly known as the Transbay Tower , is a 1,070 ft ( 326 m ) supertall office skyscraper under construction in the South of Market district of downtown San Francisco .
The Centre Village Historic District encompasses the historic central business district of Southbridge , Massachusetts .
The Norwegian Radium Hospital ( Norwegian : Radiumhospitalet ) is a part of Oslo University Hospital in Oslo , Norway dedicated to cancer treatment .
Experimental Mine , U.S. Bureau of Mines is a landmark located in the Pittsburgh suburb of Bruceton , Pennsylvania .
Pir Mowmen Sara ( Persian : پيرمومن سرا‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Mow’men Sarā ) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Abbazia di San Salvatore or Abbadia San Salvatore is an abbey in the town of Abbadia San Salvatore , Tuscany , Italy , to which it gives its name .
The Giro District is located within southeastern Ghazni Province in Afghanistan , 50 km South East of Ghazni .
Bill Armstrong Stadium is a 6,500-capacity soccer - specific stadium and velodrome located in Bloomington , Indiana .
Upper Sugarloaf Key is located at ~24.7 ° N 81.5 ° W in the Florida Keys .
Basalt Island ( Chinese : 火石洲 ; Jyutping : Fo Shek Chau ) is an island of Hong Kong and administratively part of the Sai Kung District .
Mortenson Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in southern Albany County in the U.S. state of Wyoming and includes 1,776 acres ( 7.2 km2 ) .
Forest - Saint - Julien est une commune des Hautes - Alpes department au sud - est de la France .
Buckskin Mountain State Park is a state park located near Parker , Arizona , USA .
Qaleh Hashem Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قلعه هاشم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Shal District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Nyíregyháza is located in Szabolcs - Szatmár - Bereg County in the northern Plain region ( Szabolcs - Szatmár - Bereg county , Hajdú - Bihar county , and Jász - Nagykun - Szolnok County ) .
Bayanlucheh ( Persian : بيانلوچه‎ , also Romanized as Bayānlūcheh ; also known as Bayānlūjeh ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The L Tower is condominium development under construction in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Doom Mountain is a mountain on the Brooks Peninsula on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada .
Czernikówko ( t͡ʂɛrniˈkufkɔ ) ( German : Schwarzenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Niedamierz ( ɲɛˈdamjɛʂ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Otrzep ( ˈɔtʂɛp ) ( German : Friedrichshorst ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Wheeler End is a hamlet in the parish of Piddington and Wheeler End , in Buckinghamshire , England .
The Wyant - Talbot House is located on Clark Avenue in the village of Cornwall on Hudson , New York .
Nokhudan ( Persian : نخودان‎ , also Romanized as Nokhūdān ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
RailsWest Railroad Museum is a railroad museum operated by the Historical Society of Pottawattamie County at 16th Avenue and South Main Street and illustrates the history of railroads in Council Bluffs , Iowa .
Nationwide Arena is a large multi - purpose arena , in Columbus , Ohio , USA .
Gymnasium Achern is a Gymnasium ( grammar school ) in Achern , Baden - Württemberg , Germany , founded in 1877 .
Tarzam ( Persian : طرزم‎ , also Romanized as Ţarzam and Ţarzom ) is a village in Arzil Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Huddersfield ( i/ˈhʌdərzˌfiːld/ , local /ˈhʊdəzˌfiːld/ ) is a large market town and is the largest settlement in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees , West Yorkshire , England .
Bialik House ( Hebrew : בית ביאליק‎ ) was the home of the Hebrew national poet Hayyim Nahman Bialik in the center of Tel Aviv , Israel , and is now used as a museum .
Bishehgah ( Persian : بيشه گاه‎ , also Romanized as Bīshehgāh ; also known as Vīshkā ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Fa'side Castle ( Faside Estate ) has previously been known as Fawside , Falside , Ffauside , Fauxside , or Fawsyde and is a 15th - century keep located in East Lothian in Scotland .
The Bell Ford Post Patented Diagonal `` Combination Bridge '' , often simply called the Bell Ford Bridge or Bell Ford Covered Bridge , is a dilapidated covered bridge located in Jackson County , Indiana , northwest of Seymour , Indiana .
Tempoczów - Rędziny ( tɛmˈpɔt͡ʂuf rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Ebrahimabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ابراهيم آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
KELG is an Austin , Texas , radio station , licensed to Manor , Texas , and is owned by Encino Broadcasting .
The Lewis Anderson House , Barn and Granary is a historic ensemble of buildings , currently located in The Dalles , Oregon , United States .
Kongshavn or Kongshamn is a community in the municipality of Arendal in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
Budzisz ( ˈbud͡ʑiʂ ) ( German : Budisch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Milebush is a hamlet about one mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Marden in the Maidstone district of Kent , England .
St. James Winery is located in St. James , Missouri , near mile marker 195 of Interstate 44 .
Blue River 1 is the Statistics Canada census - area designation for what is properly termed the Blue River Indian Reserve No . 1 , an Indian Reserve in the Cassiar Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Musicon is a district of the city of Roskilde on the Danish island of Zealand .
Kalikave ( കാളികാവ് ) is a small village in Kuravilangad Panchayath , Meenachil taluk of Kottayam district .
In 2001 Marin Shakespeare Company celebrated the 40th anniversary of the founding of California 's first outdoor Shakespeare festival .
Albuzzano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 30 km south of Milan and about 9 km east of Pavia .
Naprusewo ( napruˈsɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Golanabad ( Persian : گلنااباد‎ , also Romanized as Golanābād , Golnā Ābād , and Golnābād ; also known as Golābād ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Helen DeVos Children 's Hospital is a pediatric hospital in Grand Rapids , Michigan and a division of Spectrum Health .
Cloverdale Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : O60 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of Cloverdale , serving Sonoma County , California , USA .
Ashton Keynes is a village and civil parish in north Wiltshire , England which borders with Gloucestershire .
Chodská Lhota ( until 1946 Lhota , German : Melhut ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Domažlice District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Larsar ( Persian : لارسر‎ , also Romanized as Lārsar ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Seyyed Rajab ( Persian : سيدرجب‎ ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mirandola ( local dialect : La Miràndla ) is a city and comune of Emilia - Romagna , Italy , in the Province of Modena , 31 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of the provincial capital by railway .
Szklana Góra ( ˈʂklana ˈɡura ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Portknockie ( Scottish Gaelic : Port Chnocaidh , the hilly port ) is a coastal village on the Moray Firth within Moray , Scotland .
Niesiobędy ( ɲɛɕɔˈbɛndɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Simiganj ( or Simiganch ) is a town in Vahdat District , Region of Republican Subordination , Tajikistan , in central Asia .
Nosratabad - e Bayeh ( Persian : نصرتابادبايه‎ , also Romanized as Noşratābād - e Bāyeh ; also known as Noşratābād - e Bābeh , Bāya , and Bāyeh ) is a village in Dashtabi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dashtabi District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Dinga is a city of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The Coca - Cola Museum ( Chinese : 可口可樂博物館 ; pinyin : Kěkǒukělè Bówùguǎn ) is a museum about the drink Coca - Cola , located on the Gueishan Industrial Park in Taoyuan District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Nicodemus Mill Complex is a historic home and mill complex located at Keedysville , Washington County , Maryland , United States .
The Jarbidge Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Jarbidge Mountains of northern Elko County in northeastern Nevada , United States .
Notting Gate ( also known as Notting Hill ) is a neighbourhood located in Cumberland Ward , in the suburb of Orleans in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Beech Island Historical Society ( BIHS ) is a non - profit historical society and museum dedicated to the history of Beech Island , and its county , Aiken County , both of which are situated in the U.S. state of South Carolina .
Mevagissey ( Cornish : Lannvorek ) is a village , fishing port and civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Gadarmala , also known as Bhopalgarh , is a taluk in Bhilwara district , Rajasthan .
The Old Melbourne Gaol is a museum and former prison located on Russell Street , in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Bonnyrigg is a town in Midlothian , Scotland , eight miles ( 13 kilometres ) southeast of Edinburgh city centre .
Czarnominek ( t͡ʂarnɔˈminɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Suangdoh is a mid - sized village situated in Singngat , Churachandpur district , Manipur , Northeast India .
Pian di Scò is an ex - comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southeast of Florence and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Arezzo , in the Valdarno .
Unity Pond ( Lake Winnecook ) is the largest lake in Waldo County , Maine .
Iraneh ( Persian : ايرانه‎ , also Romanized as Īrāneh ; also known as Irāneh - ye Sāmen , Īrīneh , Orūneh , Sarāb , and Sarāb Sāmen ) is a village in Haram Rud - e Sofla Rural District , Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
William Wells House , also known as The Stone House or `` Stonehurst , '' is a historic home located at Tyler City , Tyler County , West Virginia .
Footscray railway station is located on the Sunbury , Werribee and Williamstown lines in Victoria , Australia .
Mingarry Castle ( or Mingary Castle ) ( Caisteal Mhìogharraidh in Gaelic ) is a castle situated a mile south - east of the small village of Kilchoan in Lochaber , Scotland .
The Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse is a historic toll house located at Walkersville , Frederick County , Maryland , United States .
Albergaria - a - Velha ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aɫβɨɾɣɐˈɾi.a ˈvɛʎɐ ) ) is a town and a municipality in the Aveiro District in Portugal .
Torkalaki ( Persian : تركالكي‎ , also Romanized as Torkālakī ) is a city in Aghili - ye Shomali Rural District , Aghili District , Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Beeliar Wetlands are made up of two chains of lakes and wetlands that run parallel to the west coast of Western Australia .
Veliki Trnovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велики Трновац , Albanian : Tërnoci i Madh or Tërnoc ) is a town in the municipality of Bujanovac , Serbia .
Pangman , formerly known as West Calder , is a village located in southern Saskatchewan , Canada ; it is south of Regina .
Mowr - e Gur ( Persian : مورگور‎ , also Romanized as Mowr - e Gūr ; also known as Mūr - e Kūr ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dondelange ( Luxembourgish : Dondel , German : Dondelingen ) is a village in the commune of Kehlen , in south - western Luxembourg .
The 153 megawatt ( MW ) capacity Walnut Wind Farm is located in Pottawattamie County , Iowa .
Townley Grammar School , normally referred to locally as Townley is a grammar school with academy status for girls on Townley Road , Bexleyheath , in the London Borough of Bexley , England .
Cefn Fforest is a Community and an electoral ward in Caerphilly County Borough , Wales .
Päijänne Tavastia Aviation Museum ( Finnish : Päijät - Hämeen ilmailumuseo ) is an aviation museum in Asikkala , near Lahti , Finland .
The Smallwood Reservoir is a large reservoir located in the western part of Labrador in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Mount Nord Historic District ( also Mt. Nord Historic District , formerly Mont Nord Addition ) is a historic district in Fayetteville , Arkansas encompassing one city block with five properties .
Rosochacz ( rɔˈsɔxat͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy , within Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Mundaje ( Tulu / Kannada:ಮುಂಡಾಜೆ ) is on the Villupuram - Mangalore National Highway , which is 14 km far from the Taluk headquarters Belthangady in Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara ) of Karnataka .
Jackson Mansion and Carriage House is a historic home and carriage house located at Berwick , Columbia County , Pennsylvania .
Wallasey ( /ˈwɒləsi/ ) is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral , in Merseyside , England , on the mouth of the River Mersey , at the northeastern corner of the Wirral Peninsula .
Fiałkowo ( fjau̯ˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Kleindorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kezen ( Persian : كزن‎ ; also known as Gazan , Gezen - e Bālā , Kezen Bālā , Kezen - e Bālā , and Najafābād ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Bakool ( Somali : Bakool , Arabic : باكول‎ ) is a region ( gobol ) in southwestern Somalia .
Kehrsatz became an independent municipality in the Canton of Bern .
Gavpol ( Persian : گاوپل‎ , also Romanized as Gāvpol ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bartkowo ( bartˈkɔvɔ ) ( German Bartikow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Huaxi District ( Chinese : 花溪区 ; pinyin : Huāxī Qū ) is a district in Guiyang , the capital city of Guizhou Province , China .
Jones Field ( FAA LID : F00 ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the central business district of Bonham , a city in Fannin County , Texas , United States .
Sarney - ye Ashub ( Persian : سرني اشوب‎ , also Romanized as Sarney - ye Āshūb ) is a village in Hur Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pierwoszyno ( pjɛrvɔˈʂɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosakowo , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jaznika ( Persian : جزنيكا‎ , also Romanized as Jaznīkā ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Shawnee Friends Mission ( Friends Meeting House ) is a historic Quaker mission and meeting house in Shawnee , Oklahoma .
The Shreveport Symphony Orchestra ( SSO ) is based in Shreveport , the seat of Caddo Parish and the largest city in north Louisiana .
Yeouido Station is a subway station on Line 5 and Line 9 on the Seoul Subway system .
Emamzadeh Mohammad Hasan ( Persian : امامزاده محمدحسن‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Moḩammad Ḩasan ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hugoton Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KHQG , FAA LID : HQG ) is a county - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) southwest of the central business district of Hugoton , a city in Stevens County , Kansas , United States .
Cuties Island ( also known as Vincent Island ) is a small , formerly inhabited island off the coast of Stamford , Fairfield County , Connecticut .
Melbylejren is a former military installation and training ground situated at Liseleje in Halsnæs Municipality , North Zealand , some 60 km north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Vasmeh Jan ( Persian : وسمه جان‎ , also Romanized as Vasmeh Jān ; also known as Vasmjān and Vasmjān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Britwell is a residential housing estate and civil parish in the north west of Slough , Berkshire , in the south of England .
Lopik ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of Utrecht and close to the river Lek .
Molla Qorbani ( Persian : ملاقرباني‎‎ , also Romanized as Mollā Qorbānī ; also known as Sarāb - e Mollā Qorbānī and Seyl Mollā Qorbānī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Atteridgeville , part of the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality , is a township located to the west of Pretoria , South Africa .
Four Seasons Resort Maui at Wailea is a resort in Wailea , on the island of Maui in Hawaii .
Mills High School is a public high school in Millbrae , California , one of seven in the San Mateo Union High School District .
Rimin Gado ( or Rafin Gado ) is a Local Government Area in Kano State , Nigeria .
Bezinghem is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region ) of France .
Ban Haeng ( Thai : บ้านแหง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ngao District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 6773 people .
The University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center is a healthcare in Cincinnati , Ohio , and a major source of education , medical care , and research in Greater Cincinnati training health care professionals and providing research and patient care .
The Heins Block is the most prominent commercial building in the city of Olivia , Minnesota , United States .
Swallowcliffe is a small village and civil parish located approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) west of Salisbury , Wiltshire , England .
Nahr - e Azraq ( Persian : نهرازرق‎ ; also known as ' Azraq and Kabūdān ) is a village in Nasar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Villabate ( Sicilian : Villabbati ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily , located about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) southeast of Palermo .
Kho Rum ( Thai : คอรุม ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phichai District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
During 5th century AD VISHNU KUNDINAS who ruled Krishna district excavated cave temples at Mogalrajapuram .
Bakhtegan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بختگان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Òrrius is a village and municipality in the comarca of Maresme in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
WJDA is a radio station in Quincy , Massachusetts , serving the Boston area with a religious / ethnic format .
Khartuwa is a small village in the Sitalpati V.D.C. Ward no.6 of Sankhuwasabha District , located in one of the most remote part of eastern Nepal .
Carnate is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza , in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Milan .
Jackson Rancheria is the landbase for the Jackson Rancheria of Me - Wuk Indians of California , a federally recognized tribe of Miwok people , located near Jackson , California .
KYKN ( 1430 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Keizer , Oregon , USA .
The San Francisco Federal Building is an 18-story , 71.3 m ( 234 ft ) building at 90 7th Street on the corner of Mission and 7th streets in the South of Market neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
Valley River Center is a super - regional - class shopping mall located in Eugene , Oregon , U.S. It is the largest shopping center between Portland and San Francisco .
The North York Civic Centre is a building that once served as the city hall for the former City of North York , Ontario , Canada .
Claremont Graduate University ( CGU ) is a private , all - graduate research university located in Claremont , California , a city 35 miles ( 56 km ) east of downtown Los Angeles .
Skomętno Wielkie ( skɔˈmɛntnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
St. Philip 's in the Hills Episcopal Church is a historic church at 4440 N. Campbell Avenue in Tucson , Arizona , United States .
The Birkhead Mountains Wilderness was established by the 1984 North Carolina Wilderness Act , and it covers 5,160 acres ( 20.9 km2 ) in the Uwharrie National Forest at the northern end of the Uwharrie Mountains , in central North Carolina .
Madathupatti is a small village near Sivakasi in Virudhunagar District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Mount Ebal Methodist Protestant Church is a historic property of the Methodist Protestant Church located at the end of SR 2518 near Denton in Davidson County , North Carolina .
The Guild Church of St Dunstan - in - the - West is in Fleet Street in the City of London .
Belhar is a suburb of the City of Cape Town , South Africa , in the Cape Flats area .
Prospect Charter School is a public charter school in Prospect , Oregon , United States .
Mequon Town Hall and Fire Station Complex is an Art Deco building complex in Mequon , Wisconsin , United States , that was built in 1937 .
Old Naval Observatory is a historic site in Northwest , Washington , D.C ..
Erlenbach am Main ( officially : Erlenbach a . Main ) is the biggest town in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia ( Unterfranken ) in Bavaria , Germany .
Derby Dinner Playhouse is a dinner theatre located in Clarksville , Indiana that opened in 1974 .
Butterfly Valley , or Wu Tip Kuk ( Chinese : 蝴蝶谷 ) , is a valley in north of Lai Chi Kok in New Kowloon of Hong Kong , located between O Pui Shan and Piper 's Hill .
Technical Vocational High School ( known colloquially as Tec Voc ) , is a high school in the west end of Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Namkhola is a popular region in Khairabar tehsil , comined villages Bah Molla and Athiyabari in Darrang district , Assam , India .
The Jefferson Davis Hotel is a former hotel located in Montgomery , Alabama .
Dipper Dredge No . 3 is a historic dredge located at Lyons in Wayne County , New York .
The Tour d'Isolella ( Corsican : Torra di l'Isuledda ) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Pietrosella ( Corse - du - Sud ) on the French island of Corsica .
Pirui ( Persian : پيروئي‎ , also Romanized as Pīrū’ī ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Schwartz 's , also known as the Montreal Hebrew Delicatessen , is a delicatessen restaurant and take - out , located at 3895 Saint - Laurent Boulevard in Montreal , Quebec .
La Roca del Vallès is a village in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and Catalonia .
San Lorenzo in Panisperna , or San Lorenzo in Formoso , is a church on Via Panisperna , Rome , central Italy .
Beaufort Street is a major road in the inner north - eastern suburbs of Perth , Western Australia , connecting the Morley area to the Perth CBD .
Spallumcheen is a district municipality in the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Kafeh Jangian ( Persian : کافه جنگيان‎ , also Romanized as Kāfeh Jangīān ) is a village in Abreis Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Whistler / Green Lake Water Aerodrome ( IATA : YWS , TC LID : CAE5 ) is located on Green Lake 5 km north of Whistler , in British Columbia , Canada .
Étang de Leucate or ' Étang de Salses is a lake in Pyrénées - Orientales and Aude , France .
Januszew ( jaˈnuʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cedar Rock Falls ( Cedar Rock Creek Falls , Falls on Cedar Rock Creek ) is a waterfall in Transylvania County , North Carolina , USA .
Notleymere ( 1885 - -89 ) , also known as the Frank Norton estate , is a historic house located on the eastern shore of Cazenovia Lake in Cazenovia , Madison County , New York .
The House at 68 Maple Street is an historic building located on the corner of Maple Street and Nonantum Road in the village of Newton Corner , in Newton , Massachusetts .
Yulong Naxi Autonomous County ( Chinese : 玉龙纳西族自治县 ; pinyin : Yùlóng Nàxīzú Zìzhìxiàn ) is located in Lijiang City Prefecture , Yunnan , China .
Itri is a small city and comune in the central Italian region of Latium and the Province of Latina .
Mashan County ( simplified Chinese : 马山县 ; traditional Chinese : 馬山縣 ; pinyin : Mǎshān Xiàn ; Standard Zhuang : Majsanh Yen ) is under the administration of Nanning , the capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , China .
The Bacon - Morse Historic District encompasses a historic rural village center in Southbridge , Massachusetts .
The Metropolitan City of Milan ( Italian : Città Metropolitana di Milano ) is a metropolitan city in the Lombardy region , Italy .
Norwalk Hospital is a not - for - profit , acute care community teaching hospital in the Spring Hill section of Norwalk , Connecticut .
Falbogi ( falˈbɔɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
First Baptist Church of Denver is an historic church at 230 E. 14th Avenue-1373 Grant Street in Denver , Colorado .
Kubowo ( kuˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Great Island Pond , known officially as Island Pond , is a 77-acre ( 310,000 m2 ) pond in Plymouth , Massachusetts , one of three ponds known as Island Pond within the town ( One is located near South Pond village , and the other is located in the Cedarville section of town ) .
Gerald Gentleman Station ( GGS ) is Nebraska 's largest electricity generating plant .
The Walnut Valley Festival ( generally referred to as `` Winfield '' by non - residents or simply `` Bluegrass '' to Winfield locals ) is an acoustic music festival , held annually in Winfield , Kansas .
The Entlebuch Biosphere is a natural reserve at the foot of the Alps , and includes the 395 km² valley of the Little Emme River between Bern and Lucerne in the Swiss Canton of Lucerne .
Bargagli is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria , located about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northeast of Genoa in the Val di Lentro .
Kaikavolu ( Telugu : కైకవోలు ) is a village in East Godavari District , Pedapudi Mandal , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Kingston Memorial Centre is a 3,300-seat multi - purpose arena located at 303 York Street in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
San Carlos de Guaroa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( saŋˈkaɾlos ɣwaˈɾoa ) ) is a town and municipality in the Meta Department , Colombia .
Rodovia Régis Bittencourt ( official designation in the state of São Paulo SP-230 ) is a section of the BR-116 that connects the cities of São Paulo and Rio Negro , passing also through Curitiba , Brazil .
The Museum Catharijneconvent ( St. Catherine 's Convent Museum ) is a museum of religious art in Utrecht in the Netherlands .
Blo ' Norton is a village and civil parish in the Breckland district of Norfolk , England , on the River Little Ouse , not far from Diss .
Pain Lamin Jub ( Persian : پائين لمين جوب‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Lamīn Jūb ; also known as Pā’īn Līman Jūb , Līman Jūb , and Līman Jūb - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Spruce Woods Provincial Park is located in south - central Manitoba , Canada .
Badenweiler is a health resort and spa in the Breisgau - Hochschwarzwald district of Baden - Württemberg , Germany , historically in the Markgräflerland .
WRVO Public Media is a non - profit public radio network in Oswego , New York licensed to the State University of New York at Oswego , operating from studios in the Penfield Library on the SUNY Oswego campus .
Pwllgloyw is a settlement on the edge of the Brecon Beacons in the county of Powys in south - east Wales .
The First Parish Church Parsonage is a historic parsonage at 232 - -234 Pleasant Street in Arlington , Massachusetts .
Liangping County ( simplified Chinese : 梁平县 ; traditional Chinese : 梁平縣 ; pinyin : Liángpíng Xiàn ) , formerly Liangshan County ( 梁山县 ) , is a county in the north of Chongqing Municipality , People 's Republic of China .
Cheshmeh Zowraq ( Persian : چشمه زورق‎ ; also known as Chashmeh - ye Dūrakh and Cheshmeh - ye Dūrakh ) is a village in Kamazan - e Vosta Rural District , Zand District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Swartberg Pass on the R328 run through the Swartberg mountain range ( black mountain in English ) which runs roughly east - west along the northern edge of the semi - arid area called the Little Karoo in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Łódki ( ˈwutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Detroit ( /dᵻˈtrɔɪt/ ) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan , the fourth - largest city in the Midwest and the largest city on the United States--
The Gem Theater was a saloon in Deadwood , South Dakota , owned by Al Swearengen .
Salij ( Persian : سليج‎ , also Romanized as Salīj ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Farmington Rock Chapel or Rock Church , built between 1861 - 1863 in the town of Farmington , Utah , is one of the oldest churches still in use in Utah .
The Aventura Mall is an upscale super - regional shopping mall in Aventura , Florida , a northern suburb of Miami .
Tarvih Adai ( Persian : ترويح عداي‎ , also Romanized as Tarvīḩ `` Adāī ) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 537 , in 75 families .
Stary Jaworów ( ˈstarɨ jaˈvɔruf ) ( German : Alt Jauernick ) is a village in the urban - rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Sibley Railroad Bridge is a three - span through truss railroad bridge belonging to the BNSF Railway between Jackson County , Missouri , and Ray County , Missouri , at Sibley .
The East Savanna River is a small yet historic stream in Aitkin and Saint Louis counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Black Horse Inn , also known as Sampson & the Lion , is a historic inn and tavern located in Flourtown , Springfield Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Juglot or Jaglot is a town in Gilgit District , Pakistan , situated 45 km south east of Gilgit on the Karakoram Highway .
Campgaw Mountain is the northernmost ridge of the volcanically formed Watchung Mountains , straddling the border of Franklin Lakes , Oakland , and Mahwah in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Rumsey Street ( Chinese : 林士街 ) is a street in Sheung Wan on the Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong .
The Conotton Creek Trail is a rail trail in Ohio , running from Bowerston to Jewett in northern Harrison County .
Jetalpur is a town in the Ahmedabad district of the Indian state of Gujarat .
His Majesty King Saud Mosque is the largest mosque in the city of Jeddah and is located in Jeddah 's Al - Sharafeyyah District .
Kornatowo ( kɔrnaˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Hellikon ( Alemannic German pronunciation : ( ˈhɛlːikχə ) ) is a municipality in the Rheinfelden district of canton Aargau in Switzerland .
McDowell Peak is located in the McDowell Mountains , to the northeast of Phoenix , Arizona .
Calea Moșilor ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈkale̯a ˈmoʃilor ) ) is both a historic street and a major road in Bucharest , Romania .
The Bundarra - Barraba Important Bird Area lies in the Northern Tablelands of north - eastern New South Wales , Australia .
South Glamorgan ( Welsh : De Morgannwg ) is a preserved county of Wales .
Bridell ( Welsh : Y Bridell ) is a hamlet ( place ) and also a parish in Pembrokeshire , Wales , situated in the north of the county .
Kebria Kola ( Persian : كبرياكلا‎ , also Romanized as Kebrīā Kolā ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Stockbridge Casino is a historic building now at East Main Street at Yale Hill Road in Stockbridge , Massachusetts .
Bąkówka ( bɔnˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Amelia Island Light is the oldest existing lighthouse in the state of Florida in the United States .
Męczki ( ˈmɛnt͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Tarring Neville is a village and civil parish in the Lewes District of East Sussex , England .
Mashkaleh ( Persian : مشكله‎ ; also known as Mashgaleh ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Małgorzatów ( mau̯ɡɔˈʐatuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mansureh - ye Olya ( Persian : منصوره عليا‎ , also Romanized as Mansūreh - ye ' ' Olyā and Mansūreh - e-''Olyā ; also known as Manşūreh , Manşūreh - ye Bozorg , and Mansuri ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Peninsula Town Center is an open air mixed - use development located in the Coliseum Central Business improvement district of Hampton , Virginia in the Hampton Roads region .
The Anglican Diocese of Armidale is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia located in the state of New South Wales .
Tuggali is a mandal in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh , India . Tuggali is a village of merely 5000 population and has a government high school and a private school as well where studies upto 10th class offered .
Jagged Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 23 km ( 14 mi ) east of Woss and 6 km ( 4 mi ) north of Mount Abel .
Kodur - e Bala ( Persian : كدوربالا‎ , also Romanized as Kodūr - e Bālā ; also known as Kādar , Kodar , and Kodūr ) is a village in Azizabad Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Asbury Park High School is a comprehensive , four - year community public high school headquartered in a landmark building in Asbury Park , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States , constructed during the New Deal as a model high school campus .
Narmestan ( Persian : نرمستان‎ , also Romanized as Narmestān ) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bendones is a hamlet ( aldea ) and parish ( parroquia rural ) of the municipality of Oviedo , Asturias , Spain .
Wilson Bruce Evans House , also known as LOR-239 - 21 , is a house in Oberlin , Ohio and was a major stop on the Underground Railroad .
Sweet Memorial Building is a historic village hall and auditorium located at Phoenix in Oswego County , New York .
Allt - na - h - Airbhe ( Scottish Gaelic : Allt na h - Airbhe ) , `` stream at the boundary wall '' , is a small crofting settlement close to Ullapool , Ross - shire , on the west shore of Loch Broom , and is within the council of Highland , Scotland .
Plav Municipality ( Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic : Општина Плав , Albanian : Komuna e Plavës ) is one of the municipalities of Montenegro .
Oaksey is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , on the county boundary with Gloucestershire .
Taihu County ( Chinese : 太湖县 ; Pinyin : Tàihú Xiàn ) is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Anqing City .
Predoslje ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːdɔsljɛ ) ; German : Predassel ) is a village in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Hurlers Cross ( Irish : Cros an Iománaí ) is a small village in County Clare , situated close to Shannon Town and 6 km from both Sixmilebridge and Newmarket - on - Fergus .
The Hôtel Lambert ( pronounced : ( otɛl lɑ̃bɛːʁ ) ) is a hôtel particulier , a grand mansion townhouse , on the Quai Anjou on the eastern tip of the Île Saint - Louis , in 4th arrondissement of Paris .
North Cray is an area of south - east London , with the London Borough of Bexley .
Redfern Building in Manchester , England , is a Grade - II listed building which was completed in 1936 .
Chahar Khanevar ( Persian : چهارخانوار‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Khānevār ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pol Gazi ( Persian : پل گزي‎ , also Romanized as Pol Gazī ) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Abdahabad ( Persian : عبده اباد‎ , also Romanized as `` Abdahābād ; also known as `` Abdābād ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 26 , in 6 families .
Melvindale High School is a public school located within Melvindale , Michigan , which is in the Downriver area .
Saale - Holzland ( official German name : Saale - Holzland - Kreis ) is a Kreis ( district ) in the east of Thuringia , Germany .
Nieszki ( ˈɲeʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Silverstein Eye Centers Arena ( formerly the Independence Events Center ) is a 5,800-seat multi - purpose arena in Independence , Missouri , United States , a suburb of Kansas City .
Kadodara is a City and Municipality in the Surat district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Howard University Hospital ( HUH ) is a private , nonprofit institution in Washington , D.C. , affiliated with Howard University .
Radzików - Wieś ( raˈd͡ʑikuf ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zirabiyeh ( Persian : زيرابيه‎ , also Romanized as Zīrābīyeh , Zīr Ābīyeh , and Zīrābyeh ; also known as Zīrīneh ) is a village in Almahdi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Muszkowo ( muʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Bethlehem Grange No . 137 is a historic Grange hall located in Selkirk , Albany County , New York .
Wola Cyrusowa ( ˈvɔla t͡sɨruˈsɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Doi Kaeo ( Thai : ดอยแก้ว ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Chom Thong District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Ciepliny ( t͡ɕeˈplinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Orin Jordan House is a Victorian house in Whittier , California that was built in 1888 by Orin Jordan .
Darvish Khaki ( Persian : درويش خاكي‎ , also Romanized as Darvīsh Khākī ; also known as Dhares Khākē ) is a village in Najafabad Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Ovejas is a town and municipality located in the Sucre Department , northern Colombia where the traditional Cumbia ( also called Gaita ) festival `` Francisco Llirene '' takes place in October .
WCTB is an FM radio broadcast station licensed to Fairfield , Maine , with studios in Skowhegan .
Jijian Rud ( Persian : جيجان رود‎ , also Romanized as Jījīān Rūd and Jījeyānrūd ; also known as Jeyjān Rūd ) is a village in Haram Rud - e Sofla Rural District , Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Doré Lake is a lake of Saskatchewan in the basin of the Beaver River ( Canada ) .
The Hardman IOOF Lodge Hall ( also known as the Hardman Community Center and the Lone Balm Lodge # 82 ) is a meeting hall in the ghost town of Hardman in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Paulsplatz ( in English : St Paul 's Square ) is a historic square in the heart of Frankfurt , Germany .
Jackson 's Mill is a former grist mill in West Virginia ( near the present - day city of Weston in Lewis County , West Virginia ) .
Bardial ( Persian : برديال‎ , also Romanized as Bardīāl and Bardyāl ) is a village in Marz Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Maillardville is a community on the south slope of the city of Coquitlam , British Columbia , Canada .
Nieznań ( ˈɲeznaɲ ) ( German : Heidchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Dar Kuh ( Persian : دركوه‎ , also Romanized as Dar Kūh ; also known as Darkoo’eyeh , Darkū’īyeh , Dīrāku , and Sarkūh ) is a village in Dulab Rural District , Shahab District , Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Royal Artillery Barracks at Woolwich in the Royal Borough of Greenwich in London , was the home of the Royal Artillery .
Karimpur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 11 Murshidabad ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Chalab - e Pain ( Persian : چالاب پائين‎ , also Romanized as Chālāb - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
United Sports ( formerly known as United Sports Training Center ) is a multiple - use sports complex located in West Bradford Township , Pennsylvania .
The Hoh Brisen is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Uri , in Central Switzerland .
Kavard ( Persian : كاورد‎ , also Romanized as Kāvard ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Qaqaarissorsuaq Island ( old spelling : Qaqârigssorssuaq ) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Bellingham Square Historic District is a historic district in Chelsea , Massachusetts roughly bounded by Broadway , Shawmut , Chestnut , and Shurtleff Streets .
Szlagnowo ( ʂlaɡˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole , within Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Trzeszcze ( ˈtʂɛʂt͡ʂɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Maliszewko ( maliˈʂɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lišnice ( German : Lischnitz ) is a village in the Most District , located in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Mount Hope Catholic Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery at 305 Erskine Avenue in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Sirjapali is a village of the Kesinga in Kalahandi district of Indian state Odisha .
Winslow Marine Railway and Shipbuilding Company was a shipyard that operated from 1903 until 1959 on Bainbridge Island , Washington , United States .
The Coram Shipyard Historic District is a historic district encompassing a colonial - era shipyard at 2120 , 2125 , and 2130 Water Street in Dighton , Massachusetts .
The Oatman Drug Company Building , located at 1 Main St. in Oatman , Arizona , was built in 1915 .
Ford Field is a multi - purpose indoor stadium located in Downtown Detroit , Michigan , United States , owned by the Detroit / Wayne County Stadium Authority .
Hassingham is a small village in the county of Norfolk , England , about ten miles east of Norwich .
Zaghu ( Persian : زاغو‎ , also Romanized as Zāghū ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Abbots Ripton is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non - metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being an historic county of England .
Dubwath is a hamlet in the Allerdale district , in Cumbria , England .
Mirud ( Persian : ميرود‎ , also Romanized as Mīrūd ) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District , Bahnemir District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lindsay Cemetery , located just outside the town of Due West , South Carolina , was established in 1820 .
Harvard Stadium is a U - shaped football stadium in the Allston neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , in the United States .
Knott Arena is a multi - purpose sports arena at Mount Saint Mary 's University , in Emmitsburg , Maryland .
Located at 315 Avenue A , the Old Fort Pierce City Hall ( also known as the Old City Hall ) is a historic building in downtown Fort Pierce , Florida .
Maqbul ( Persian : مقبول‎ , also Romanized as Maqbūl ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Burton Creek State Park is a state park of California , USA , located in Placer County near Truckee .
Rearcross or Rear Cross ( Irish : Crois na Rae ) is a village in the townland of Reardnogy in County Tipperary , Ireland .
The Ritter Range is a small mountain range within California 's Sierra Nevada .
The Sourlands is a region in the U.S. state of New Jersey that includes portions of Hunterdon County , Mercer County and Somerset County .
Newport Railroad Station was a historic railway station located at Newport in New Castle County , Delaware .
The Drake Court Apartments and the Dartmore Apartments Historic District , built between 1916 and 1921 , is located at Jones Street from 20th to 23rd Streets in Midtown Omaha , in the U.S. state of Nebraska .
Auburn Dam was a proposed dam on the North Fork of the American River east of the town of Auburn , California in the United States , on the border of Placer and El Dorado Counties .
Abergeldie Castle is a four - floor tower house located in Crathie and Braemar parish , SW Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Qeshlaq - e Barian ( Persian : قشلاق بريان‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Barīān ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Treasury of the Basilica of Saint Servatius is a museum of religious art and artifacts inside the Basilica of Saint Servatius in Maastricht , Netherlands .
Ammasandra ( sometimes referred to as Adityapatna ) is a small township in Turuvekere taluk , Tumkur district in the state of Karnataka , India .
The Aberdeen Reservoirs ( Chinese : 香港仔水塘 ) are a group of two reservoirs , consisting of the Upper Aberdeen Reservoir ( Chinese : 香港仔上水塘 ) and the Lower Aberdeen Reservoir ( Chinese : 香港仔下水塘 ) , in Aberdeen , Hong Kong .
The Dragoon Mountains are a range of mountains located in Cochise County , Arizona .
Tormish ( Persian : ترميش‎ , also Romanized as Tormīsh ; also known as Torahmīsh and Toryamesh ) is a village in Gejlarat - e Sharqi Rural District , Aras District , Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The F. A. Kennedy Steam Bakery is an historic bakery at 129 Franklin Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts that first produced the Fig Newton .
The Alexander Library Building , in the Cultural Centre of Perth , Western Australia , houses the State Library of Western Australia , the J S Battye Library , and the State Records Office , in the Perth Cultural Precinct in Northbridge in Perth , Western Australia .
Southstoke is a small village and civil parish in north east Somerset , England .
Knabstrup is a small railway town , with a population of 1,074 ( as of January 1 , 2015 ) , at the railroad between Kalundborg and Holbæk in Holbæk Municipality , Region Zealand in Denmark .
Valamazu ( Persian : ولمازو‎ , also Romanized as Valamāzū ; also known as Valeh Mūzū ) is a village in Kolbad - e Gharbi Rural District , Kolbad District , Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Naharkatiya ( Assamese : নাহৰকটীয়া ) ( also spelt as Naharkatia or Nahorkatiya ) is a town and a town area committee in Dibrugarh district in the Indian state of Assam .
Três Corações is a municipality in the south of Minas Gerais state in Brazil .
Drayton Bassett is a village and civil parish in the District of Lichfield , Staffordshire , England .
Chah Sangari ( Persian : چاه سنگري‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Sangarī ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ludasht ( Persian : لودشت‎ , also Romanized as Lūdasht ) is a village in Lafur Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Highland Park Stadium , also known as CFD Investments Stadium , is a minor league baseball stadium located in the Highland Park in Kokomo , Indiana , U.S.
RCAF Station Assiniboia was a Second World War British Commonwealth Air Training Plan ( BCATP ) flying training station located near Assiniboia , Saskatchewan , Canada .
CIBH - FM ( known on - air as `` The Beach '' ) is a Canadian radio station located in Parksville , British Columbia .
Pinnacle Centre is a condominium tower complex in Toronto , Ontario .
Romallo ( German : Ramöl , Ladin : Romàl ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north of Trento .
Taneh Raz ( Persian : تنه رز‎ ) is a village in Mianrud Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chomętów - Szczygieł ( xɔˈmɛntuf ˈʂt͡ʂɨɡʲɛu̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Salak Tinggi is the capital of Sepang district in the state of Selangor , Malaysia .
Lubieniek ( luˈbjɛɲɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
CHMY - FM is the call sign of an English language radio station located in Renfrew , Ontario on the FM dial at 96.1 FM .
The Eastern Treatment Plant of Melbourne Water is an 1,100 ha sewage treatment plant , located in the suburb of Bangholme in Victoria , Australia , 31 km south - east of Melbourne 's central business district .
Hongqiao District ( simplified Chinese : 红桥区 ; traditional Chinese : 紅橋區 ; pinyin : Hóngqiáo Qū ) is a district in the city of Tianjin , China .
The Heman R. Goodrich House is a private residence located 428 South Church Street in Hudson in west Lenawee County , Michigan .
Mountain Island Lake is a lake northwest of Charlotte , North Carolina created in 1924 to coincide with the building of Mountain Island Hydroelectric Station .
Rapaty - Sulimy ( raˈpatɨ suˈlimɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Scotstarvit Tower is a tower house in Fife , Scotland .
Wangaratta ( /wæŋɡəˈrætə/ ) is a cathedral city of over 17,000 people in the northeast of Victoria , Australia , approximately 230 km ( 140 mi ) from Melbourne along the Hume Highway .
Tavaragera ( ತಾವರಗೆರಾ , ತಾವರಗೆರೆ ) is located in the northeast part of Koppal district , Karnataka , India .
The John Spurr House is an historic house on Main Street in Charlton , Massachusetts .
Bednary - Wieś ( bɛdˈnarɨ ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Maitland Volcano is a heavily eroded shield volcano that resides in the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Veriña is the smallest district ( parroquia rural ) of the municipality of Gijón / Xixón , in Asturias , Spain .
Trấn Quốc Pagoda ( Vietnamese : Chùa Trấn Quốc , chữ Hán : 鎭國寺 ) , the oldest Buddhist temple in Hanoi , is located on a small island near the southeastern shore of Hanoi 's West Lake , Vietnam .
Tyrifjorden is located in the county of Buskerud and borders the municipalities of Hole , Lier , Modum , and Ringerike .
The Joseph Manigault House is a historic house museum at 350 Meeting Street in Charleston , South Carolina that is owned and operated by the Charleston Museum .
Putre is a Chilean town and commune , capital of the Parinacota Province in the Arica - Parinacota Region .
Baramadpur is a village in Akhand Nagar block of Kadipur division of Sultanpur district in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Chodków ( ˈxɔtkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chowplu ( Persian : چوپلو‎ , also Romanized as Chowplū ; also known as Choplī and Choplū ) is a village in Saruq Rural District , Takht - e Soleyman District , Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Clifton Campville is a village and civil parish in Staffordshire , England .
McFarland State Historic Park is a small historic park located in downtown Florence , Arizona on the corner of Main and Ruggles Streets .
The Western New England Institute for Psychoanalysis is a New Haven , Connecticut based institute which specializes in the training of the psychoanalysis of children , adolescents , and adults .
Monksville Reservoir , known for its trophy size muskellunge , walleye , bass and trout , sits atop the defunct community of Monksville , New Jersey .
Víziváros ( meaning Watertown , Latin : Civitas Archiepiscopalis , German : Wasserstadt ) is a neighborhood of Esztergom , Hungary on the right bank of the Danube , under the royal castle and the St. Adalbert Primatial Basilica .
Hopeman ( Scottish Gaelic : Hudaman ) is a seaside village in Moray , Scotland , on the coast of the Moray Firth , founded in 1805 to house and re - employ people displaced during the Highland clearances .
Lorenzo State Historic Site is a mansion built by Colonel John Lincklaen , founder of the village of Cazenovia , New York .
Qurian ( Persian : قوريان‎ , also Romanized as Qūrīān , Qoryān , and Ghooriyan ) is a village in Jolgeh - e Mazhan Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vengikkal is the Suburb of Tiruvannamalai city and a Third grade municipality in the Tiruvannamalai district of Tamil Nadu state of Indian sub - continent .
The Australian Fossil and Mineral Museum - Home of the Somerville Collection is located in the city of Bathurst in regional New South Wales Australia and was opened in July 2004 .
Suffolk County Almshouse Barn is a historic hay and livestock barn located at Yaphank in Suffolk County , New York .
Castelnuovo Bozzente is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy , about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Milan and 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Como .
The Ghana Planetarium is located behind the Ghana Police Headquarters in Cantonments , Accra .
Črni Kal ( pronounced ( ˈtʃəɾni ˈkaːu̯ ) ; Italian : San Sergio ) is a village in southwestern Slovenia in the City Municipality of Koper .
Canvey Island is a civil parish and reclaimed island in the Thames estuary in Essex , England .
The Hendrich 's Drop Forge part of the LVR Industriemuseum is a museum in Solingen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈzoːlɪŋən ) ) , a city in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Lechuty Małe ( lɛˈxutɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Point Lillias is a narrow peninsula jutting southwards from the northern coast of Corio Bay , near the city of Geelong , in Victoria , Australia .
Eastbrook High School is a public school located outside Marion , Indiana .
The Bowes Museum has a nationally - renowned art collection and is situated in the town of Barnard Castle , Teesdale , County Durham , England .
Bissendorf ( formerly Bissendorpe ) is a municipality in the district of Osnabrück , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Bishi - ye Olya ( Persian : بيشي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Bīshī - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Bī Shī ) is a village in Zardalan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 60 , in 11 families .
Braemar Castle is situated near the village of Braemar in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The Mendocino and Headlands Historic District is a nationally recognized and locally protected historic district in Mendocino , California .
Pithari Taverna is a Greek restaurant located in Highland Park , New Jersey .
Valilu ( Persian : وليلو‎ , also Romanized as Valīlū ; also known as Vali and Valli ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Gharbi Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Shahrband ( Persian : شهربند‎ ) is a village in Natel - e Restaq Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The John Balch House ( circa 1679 , but for many years was purported to have been built in 1636 ) , located at 448 Cabot Street , Beverly , Massachusetts , is one of the oldest wood - frame houses in the United States .
Ilirney ( Russian : Илирней ; Chukchi : Илирнэй , lit . mountain island ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Bilibinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located southeast of Bilibino , on the banks of the Maly Anyuy River .
The Grand Canyon of the Fraser is a short gorge on the Fraser River in north - central British Columbia about 30 km upstream from the confluence of the Bowron River and about 100 km due east of downtown Prince George , British Columbia .
Cvetojevac ( Serbian : Цветојевац ) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom , Serbia .
Swanland is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire in England .
Toczyski Średnie ( tɔˈt͡ʂɨski ˈɕrɛdɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Panj Zowj ( Persian : پنج زوج‎ ) is a village in Japelaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Barlin Acres ( or the Keyes - Dakin House ) was an historic house located at 284 School Street in Boylston , Massachusetts .
KIIC ( 96.7 FM ) is a commercial radio station that serves the Albia , Iowa area .
Arlington Antebellum Home & Gardens is a former plantation house and 6 acres ( 24,000 m2 ) of landscaped gardens near downtown Birmingham , Alabama .
Vakilabad - e Pain Jam ( Persian : وكيل ابادپائين جام‎ , also Romanized as Vakīlābād - e Pā’īn Jām ; also known as Vakīlābād ) is a village in Zam Rural District , Pain Jam District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pine Island Fort and Manchester House were trading posts on Pine Island , a small narrow island on the North Saskatchewan River in Saskatchewan , Canada , from 1786 to 1793 .
Targhee Pass is a mountain pass located on the Continental Divide in the Henrys Lake Mountains , along the border between southeastern Idaho and southwestern Montana , at an elevation of 7072 feet ( 2156 m ) above sea level .
The Arthur Cook Building ( built in 1928 ) is a designated historic building in the Central Business District , of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Lincoln Park Jewish Center is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located in 311 Central Park Avenue in Yonkers , New York .
Margha ( Persian : مرغا‎ , also Romanized as Marghā ; also known as Morghāb ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Khanchikot is a market center in Sandhikharka Municipality of Arghakhanchi District .
Ruanshin ( Persian : روانشين‎ , also Romanized as Rūānshīn ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Oswego Canal is a canal in the New York State Canal System located in New York , United States .
Chicamuxen Wildlife Management Area is a state Wildlife Management Area along Chickamuxen Creek near the Potomac River in Charles County , Maryland .
Postel Abbey is a Premonstratensian abbey in the Belgian municipality of Mol in the province of Antwerp .
Hendrickson House is one of the oldest houses in the U.S. state of Delaware and one of the oldest surviving Swedish - American homes in the United States .
The World Golf Hall of Fame is located at World Golf Village near St. Augustine , Florida , in the United States , and it is unusual among sports halls of fame in that a single site honors both men and women .
Cambridge Centre is a shopping mall in Cambridge , Ontario , Canada , located at 355 Hespeler Road .
Brugnera is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Pordenone , with about 8,500 inhabitants .
The Frick Building is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
013 is a music venue in Tilburg , the Netherlands .
Moriah Town Office Building is a historic town hall building , located at Port Henry in Essex County , New York , built in 1875 .
The Pleasanton Fairgrounds Racetrack at the Alameda County Fairgrounds in Pleasanton , California is a one - mile ( 1.6 km / 8 f ) race track for Thoroughbred , Quarter horse and Arabian racing .
The Old Pinecrest Hotel ( also known as the Maharishi School of Vedic Science ) is a historic site in Avon Park , Florida , United States .
The Piazza Duca d'Aosta is a large and busy square in Milan , Italy , where Milan 's Central Station , the Pirelli Tower and the city 's business district is located .
Burrage Pond Wildlife Management Area ( or BPWMA ) is located in the towns of Hanson , Massachusetts and Halifax , Massachusetts .
South Norwood Country Park is a park in South Norwood , close to Elmers End station , mainly in the London Borough of Croydon .
Rion Hall is a late Federal style house near Halltown , West Virginia .
Sarapardeh ( Persian : سراپرده‎ , also Romanized as Sarāpardeh ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hout - Blerick ( Limburgish : houbliërik ) is a village in Limburg which is part of the municipality Venlo .
Drybrook is a village and civil parish in the Forest of Dean in west Gloucestershire , England .
Methodist Episcopal Society of Tyringham ( or the Union Church and Parsonage ) is a historic church at 128 - 130 Main Road in Tyringham , Massachusetts .
Weitnau is a municipality in the rural district Oberallgäu in Bavaria / Germany .
WSJE is a Catholic Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Summersville , West Virginia , serving Nicholas County , West Virginia .
Abaresh ( Persian : ابارش‎ , also Romanized as Abāresh ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Judge Frank Cox House is a historic home located at Morgantown , Monongalia County , West Virginia .
The Wolcott Mill is a grist and feed mill located at 63841 Wolcott Road in Ray Township , Michigan .
Owen Sound Billy Bishop Regional Airport or Billy Bishop Regional Airport , ( IATA : YOS , ICAO : CYOS ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) east of Owen Sound , Ontario , Canada in the Municipality of Meaford .
The First Callahan Building is an historic commercial and residential building at 276 Lisbon Street in Lewiston , Maine .
Kalaty ( kaˈlatɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mundo Maya International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Mundo Maya ) ( IATA : GUA , ICAO : MGGT ) , formerly Flores International Airport as indicated by its 3-letter code , is an international airport located in the suburb of Santa Elena , in the city of Flores , Guatemala .
The Bliesgau is a district of the Saarland in Germany .
Rybnovsky District ( Russian : Ры́бновский райо́н ; IPA : ( ˈrɨbnəfskʲɪj rɐˈjɵn ) ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - five in Ryazan Oblast , Russia .
Rickmansworth ( Church Street ) railway station was a London and North Western Railway ( LNWR ) station in the town of Rickmansworth in west Hertfordshire , UK .
Harmony , Arkansas is an unincorporated community located along Arkansas Highway 103 in Johnson County , Arkansas .
The Doane College Osterhout Arboretum is an arboretum at Doane College , Crete , Nebraska , named in honour of M. David Osterhout .
Duyanggang Township ( simplified Chinese : 独羊岗乡 ; traditional Chinese : 獨羊崗鄉 ; pinyin : Dúyánggǎng Xiāng ) is a township of Xingtang County in western Hebei province , China , located about 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) northeast of the county seat .
Arnol ( Scottish Gaelic : Àrnol ) is a small village typical of many settlements of the west coast of the Isle of Lewis , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Paço de São Cristóvão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpasu dʒi sɐ̃w kɾiʃˈtɔvɐ̃w ) , English : Palace of Saint Christopher ; also known as Palácio Imperial or Palácio de São Cristóvão ) is a palace located in the Quinta da Boa Vista park in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
The Sturt National Park is a protected national park that is located in the arid far north - western corner of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Wólka Krosnowska ( ˈvulka krɔsˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
El Morro National Monument is located on an ancient east - west trail in western New Mexico .
The 2008 Yingjiang earthquakes were a series of major earthquakes ranging from surface wave magnitude ( Ms ) 4.1 to 5.9 that struck Yingjiang County , Yunnan province , China between August 19 ( in UTC ; August 20 local time ) and September 3 .
The Bernardo Fernandez House is located at 100 Tenant Ave in Pinole , California Bernardo Fernandez , who died at his home in Pinole yesterday after an illness of several weeks , was one of the oldest pioneer residents of Contra Costa county , having come to California in 1853 and settled in Pinole soon afterward .
Marzewo ( maˈʐɛvɔ ) ( German : Mahrau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Krupińskie ( kruˈpiɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jeziorowo ( jɛʑɔˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Seedorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Carinhall was the country residence of Hermann Göring , built on a large hunting estate northeast of Berlin in the Schorfheide forest between the lakes Großdöllner See and Wuckersee in the north of Brandenburg .
Delaware River Drive was a state highway in the U.S. state of New Jersey .
Eastview High School is a comprehensive and college preparatory public high school located in District 196 which is in Apple Valley , Minnesota , USA .
Marulew ( maˈrulɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Redcliffe Plantation State Historic Site is a state park in South Carolina , USA .
CKSE - FM is a Mainstream Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Estevan , Saskatchewan , Canada , serving Estevan , Saskatchewan in Canada and Divide and Burke counties in North Dakota , USA .
KRUX ( 91.5 FM ) is one of New Mexico State University 's two radio stations , located in Las Cruces , New Mexico , USA .
New Pudsey railway station is in Farsley , West Yorkshire , England , on the Caldervale Line from Leeds City to Bradford Interchange , Halifax , Huddersfield , Manchester Victoria , and Blackpool North .
Completed in 1796 , the Pawtucket Canal was originally built as a transportation canal to circumvent the Pawtucket Falls of the Merrimack River in East Chelmsford , Massachusetts .
Area code 864 is an area code in the U.S. state of South Carolina that covers Greenville , Spartanburg , Anderson and the other parts of upstate South Carolina .
47 Plaza Street West is an apartment building designed by the noted architect Rosario Candela and completed in 1928 in Park Slope , Brooklyn , New York City .
Kandalakshsky District ( Russian : Кандала́кшский райо́н ) is an administrative district ( a raion ) , one of the six in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
The community of Lahntal is found in the Marburg - Biedenkopf district in northwest Middle Hesse , Germany .
Canning Dock is a dock , on the River Mersey , England , and part of the Port of Liverpool .
Elizabethtown Regional Airport ( IATA : EKX , ICAO : KEKX , FAA LID : EKX ) , also known as Addington Field , is a public use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) west of the central business district of Elizabethtown , a city in Hardin County , Kentucky , United States .
Washington Galleries bus station serves the town of Washington , Tyne and Wear , England .
Valadimeh ( Persian : ولاديمه‎ , also Romanized as Valādīmeh ; also known as Valūdī ) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District , Hezarjarib District , Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Solniki Wielkie ( sɔlˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Commondale is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire , England that lies within the North York Moors National Park .
Freundin ( meaning Girlfriend in English ) is a German language fortnightly women 's magazine published in Munich , Germany .
Tigoa ( Sometimes spelt Tingoa ) is a village in the Solomon Islands , on Rennell Island .
Renous - Quarryville ( 2010 population : 1000 + ) is a Canadian local service district in Northumberland County , New Brunswick .
Whittingehame Tower , or Whittingehame Castle , is a fifteenth - century tower house about 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) south of East Linton , on the west bank of Whittinghame Water in East Lothian , Scotland .
Garus - e Sofla ( Persian : گروس سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Garūs - e Soflá ; also known as Garūs and Garūs - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Sahneh Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ozleworth is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire , England , approximately 30 km ( 19 mi ) south of Gloucester .
Buffalo Bill Ranch State Historical Park , also known as Scout 's Rest Ranch , is a living history state park located west of North Platte , Nebraska .
Poręb ( ˈpɔrɛmp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Aq Taqeh - ye Jadid ( Persian : آق تقه جديد‎ , also Romanized as Āq Taqeh - ye Jadīd ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Konarzewo - Sławki ( kɔnaˈʐɛvɔ ˈswafki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Waltham Cross railway station , opened in 1840 , is a railway station that serves Waltham Cross in Hertfordshire , England .
Coris District is one of 5 districts in the Aija Province , of the Ancash Region in Peru .
Bugaj Radoszewicki ( ˈbuɡai̯ radɔʂɛˈvit͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
SAIL High School is a small public secondary school and a major magnet school located in Tallahassee , Florida .
The Batchawana River is a river in Algoma and Sudbury Districts of Ontario , Canada , which empties into Batchawana Bay on Lake Superior north of Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario .
Heeg ( West Frisian : Heech ) is a small village in Súdwest Fryslân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 2550 citizens ( 2007 ) .
Murian ( Persian : موريان‎ , also Romanized as Mūrīān , Mūrīyān , and Mūreyān ; also known as Mūrīān - e Şaleḩābād , Hūrīān , and Şāleḩābād ) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Jezfatan - e Sofla ( Persian : جزفتن سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Jezfaţan - e Soflá ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mandusti ( Persian : مندوستي‎ , also Romanized as Mandūstī ) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Fürth (; East Franconian : Färdd ) is a city located in northern Bavaria , Germany , in the administrative division ( Regierungsbezirk ) of Middle Franconia .
Tell Khazzami or Tell El Khazzami is a small prehistoric , Neolithic Tell , about 150 metres ( 490 ft ) in diameter , located around 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) Southeast of Damascus in Syria .
Katkan ( Persian : كتكن‎ , also known as Kat Kenār ) is a village in Kunani Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Cairnie , also written Cairney , ( Scottish Gaelic : Càrnaidh ) is a village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
First Unitarian Church of Hobart is the oldest Unitarian Church in Indiana , and the oldest church still occupied by its original congregation in the city of Hobart .
Białusny Lasek ( bjaˈwusnɨ ˈlasɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sławno County ( Polish : powiat sławieński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - western Poland , on the Baltic coast .
South Hadley High School is a secondary school in South Hadley , Massachusetts for students in grades 9 - -12 .
The Province of Reggio Emilia ( Italian : Provincia di Reggio nell'Emilia ) is one of the nine provinces of the Italian Region of Emilia - Romagna .
Akhund Qeshlaq ( Persian : اخوندقشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Ākhūnd Qeshlāq ; also known as Qeshlāq Ākhūnd ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Peter and Clotilde Shipe Mansbendel House is an historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin , Texas , United States .
Wielgłowy ( vjɛlˈɡwɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Subkowy , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bechet is a town in Dolj County , Oltenia , Romania , on the river Danube , opposite the Bulgarian city of Oryahovo .
The Shire of Bulla was a local government area located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
The Philadelphia Arena was an arena used mainly for sporting events located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Kaw Point is the name given to the point where the Kansas River terminates at the Missouri River in the West Bottoms area of Kansas City , Kansas .
Sun Valley Charter High School was a small charter high school in Ramona , California , chartered by the Ramona Unified School District .
Anjir Baghi ( Persian : انجيرباغي‎ , also Romanized as Anjīr Bāghī ; also known as Enjīl Bāghī and Injil Bāqi ) is a village in Sardaran Rural District , in the Central District of Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Abbey Park High School or APHS is a secondary school located in the town of Oakville , Ontario in the Greater Toronto Area .
Lake Taylorville is a 1,200-acre ( 4.8 km² ) reservoir located in Christian County , Illinois .
Figline Valdarno was a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southeast of Florence .
Hamzang ( Persian : همزانگ‎ , also Romanized as Hamzāng ) is a village in Sirik Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Richard J. Coffee Mercer County Park is a recreational park located mostly within West Windsor in Mercer County , New Jersey .
John Welsh House , also known as `` Rauhala , '' is a historic home located at Wyndmoor in Springfield Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Kalka ( Hindi : कालका ) is a town in the Panchkula district of Haryana , India .
Garlinge is a village in the suburbs of Margate in Kent , United Kingdom , situated 2 km southwest of the centre of the town .
Eaglesham is a village in East Renfrewshire , Scotland , situated about 10 miles south of Glasgow , to the southeast of Newton Mearns , south of Clarkston , and southwest of East Kilbride .
Zavehkuh ( Persian : زاوه كوه‎ , also Romanized as Zāvehkūh ) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Academy High School is a 3A public high school located in Little River , Texas ( USA ) .
Sibdeh ( Persian : سيب ده‎ , also Romanized as Sībdeh ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dushan Tappeh ( Persian : دوشان تپه‎ , also Romanized as Dūshān Tappeh and Dūshān Tapah ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
One of three waterfalls that surround the city of Owen Sound , Ontario , Canada , Inglis Falls is the best known and most visited .
The Second Free Baptist Church is a historic church building on Main Street , south of Church Street in Alton , New Hampshire , United States .
The West Run Expressway is a proposed four - lane expressway that would bypass Morgantown , West Virginia to the northeast , connecting Interstate 68 east of the city at milepost 7 to Interstate 79 north of the city .
Malgrate is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Lecco , in the Italian region Lombardy .
The David S. Brown Store at 8 Thomas Street between Broadway and Church Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City was built in 1875 - 76 for a soap manufacturer .
Cutcombe is a village and civil parish 9 miles ( 14 km ) south of Minehead and north of Dulverton straddling the ridge between Exmoor and the Brendon Hills in Somerset .
The Social and Public Art Resource Center ( SPARC ) is a non - profit community arts center based in Venice , California .
Daultala ( Urdu : دولتاله‎ ) is a town and union council located in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Krzesimów ( kʂɛˈɕimuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Shakeriyeh ( Persian : شاكريه‎ , also Romanized as Shākerīyeh ) is a village in Allah - o Akbar Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Point Lobos is just south of Carmel - by - the - Sea , California , United States , at the north end of the Big Sur coast of the Pacific Ocean .
Robat Tork ( Persian : رباطترك‎ , also Romanized as Robāţ Tork and Robāţ - e Tork ; also known as Ribāt - i - Turk and Robāt - i - Turk ) is a village in Hastijan Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Haiger is a country town in the Lahn - Dill - Kreis in Hesse , Germany .
Pallimadam or Pallipadi is a village situated on the outskirts of Tiruchuli in Virudhunagar district , Tamil Nadu on the eastern bank of the river Gundar .
Goirle ( pronounced ( ˈɣoːrlə ) ) is a municipality and town in the southern Netherlands , in the province of North Brabant .
Buttermilk Bay is a neighborhood located in the Plymouth , Massachusetts village of South Plymouth .
Hendricks County Airport ( FAA LID : 2R2 ) , also known as Gordon Graham Field , is a public airport at 2749 Gordon Graham Blvd . in Danville , a town in Hendricks County , Indiana , United States .
The Lee and Gottliebe Fritz House , located at 132 North Oak in Gordon , Nebraska , is a historic house that was built in 1909 .
Eastgate Metroplex is an indoor mixed - use professional / retail complex in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Lower Beverley Lake is a lake in southeastern Ontario , Canada , originally part of the original survey plan for the Rideau Canal , now just south of the Rideau Canal , separated from the Rideau system by a dam at Morton .
The Arch of Campanus is an Ancient Roman funerary monument located in the commune of Aix - les - Bains , Savoie , Rhône - Alpes , France .
The Butte Mountains are a mountain range in White Pine County , Nevada ; which is on the north of the White River Valley .
KADR ( 1400 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Elkader , Iowa as well as Prairie du Chien , WI .
Wexford County Airport ( IATA : CAD , ICAO : KCAD , FAA LID : CAD ) is a general aviation airport located 2 miles ( 3 km ) north of the city of Cadillac in Wexford County , Michigan , USA .
The Poughkeepsie Journal Building is the main office of that newspaper , in the city of Poughkeepsie , New York , USA .
Kodungoor is a small town in Kottayam district of Kerala state in India and is popularly known as `` Vazhoor '' .
Jian'ou ( simplified Chinese : 建瓯 ; traditional Chinese : 建甌 ; pinyin : Jiàn'ōu ) is a county - level city of Nanping in the north of Fujian province , China .
Fort Carson is a United States Army installation located near Colorado Springs , primarily in El Paso County , Colorado .
Borovná ( ˈborovnaː ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Kano State is a state located in North - Western Nigeria .
Swift Run Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains located in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Pasar Rebo ( meaning Wednesday market ) is a subdistrict ( kecamatan ) of East Jakarta , Jakarta , Indonesia .
Piano dell'Acqua ( Sicilian : Cianu i l'Acqua ) is a hamlet near the town of Chiaramonte Gulfi on the southern province of Ragusa , in Sicily .
The Spittal of Glenshee lies at the head of Glenshee in the highlands of eastern Perth and Kinross , Scotland where the confluence of many small streams flowing south out of the Grampians form the Shee Water .
Willamette University School of Education was a master 's degree - granting program at Willamette University in Salem , Oregon , United States .
Chub Tashan ( Persian : چوب تاشان‎ , also Romanized as Chūb Tāshān ) is a village in Razavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ramziyeh ( Persian : رمزيه‎ , also Romanized as Ramzīyeh ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Paradise Center in Sofia , Bulgaria is the largest mall in Bulgaria and the Balkans based on gross leasable area .
Qalehgah - e Gudarz ( Persian : قلعه گاه گودرز‎ , also Romanized as Qal``ehgāh - e Gūdarz ; also known as Qal``ehgāh ) is a village in Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 426 , in 86 families .
Bhatapanahalli ( Kannada : ಭಟಪನಹಳ್ಳಿ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Mieszki - Bardony ( ˈmjɛʂki barˈdɔnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Masha - ye 10 Gazabad ( Persian : مشاع 10گزاباد‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 10 Gazābād ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kurów Mały ( ˈkuruf ˈmawɨ ) ( German : Klein Kauer ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chah - e Razmandegan ( Persian : چاه رزمندگان‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Razmandegān ; also known as Chāh - e Emām Khomeynī Shomāreh Do ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Maizefield , often locally known as Maizeland , is a historic home on West Market Street ( New York State Route 199 ) in the village of Red Hook , New York , United States .
Woodridge Nature Reserve or Woodridge School Nature Reserve is a 0.7 hectare Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Woodside Park , London , owned and managed by the London Borough of Barnet .
Chavan - e Sofla ( Persian : چوان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chavān - e Soflá ; also known as Chavān - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
KWAL ( 620 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a country format to the Wallace , Idaho , USA area .
Harasimowicze - Kolonia ( xaraɕimɔˈvit͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dasht - e Rangrizi ( Persian : دشت رنگريزي‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Rangrīzī ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ciergnon Castle , or the Royal Castle of Ciergnon ( Château Royal de Ciergnon ; Koninklijk kasteel van Ciergnon ) is a residence and summer retreat of the Belgian Royal Family situated near the town of Ciergnon in the municipality of Houyet , province of Namur .
Zoviran ( Persian : زويران‎ , also Romanized as Zovīrān and Zoveyrān ; also known as Zeverān and Zūwaīrān ) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kalników ( kalˈɲikuf ) ( Ukrainian : Кальників , Kal’nykiv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Wapta Icefield is located on the Continental Divide in the Waputik Mountains of the Canadian Rockies , in the provinces of British Columbia and Alberta .
The Antelope Valley Solar Ranch 1 ( AVSR1 ) is a 266-megawatt ( MW ) photovoltaic power plant near Lancaster within Antelope Valley , in the western Mojave Desert , Southern California .
Kępa Okrzewska ( ˈkɛmpa ɔˈkʂɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin - Jeziorna , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Maperton is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south west of Wincanton in the South Somerset district .
Notre - Dame de Clignancourt ( Our Lady of Clignancourt ) is a Roman Catholic church located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris .
Mangavi ( Persian : منگاوي‎ , also Romanized as Mangāvī ; also known as Mankāvī ) is a village in Tork - e Gharbi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Haus Cumberland ( simply translated as Cumberland House ) is a Grade II listed building on the Kurfürstendamm avenue between Bleibtreu and Schlüterstraße in Charlottenburg , Berlin .
Ruthven Barracks ( /ˈrɪvən/ ) , near Ruthven in Badenoch , Scotland , are the smallest but best preserved of the four barracks built in 1719 after the 1715 Jacobite rising .
Bafang is a town and commune in Cameroon situated in the Haut - Nkam division of the West Province .
The Whitfield Estates - Lantana Avenue Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in Whitfield Estates , north of Sarasota , Florida .
Woodroffe North ( also known as just Woodroffe ) is a neighbourhood in Bay Ward in the west end of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Deh - e Biram ( Persian : ده بيرم‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Bīram ; also known as Deh - e Bahrām ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mandurriao is one of the seven districts of Iloilo City , located in the Philippines .
The Blue Rock Dam is a minor rock fill embankment dam with controlled chute spillway across the Tanjil River , located approximately 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Moe , in the Central Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
The Kronprinzenpalais ( Crown Prince 's Palace ) is a landmark late Neoclassical - style building at one end of Unter den Linden in Berlin .
Radruż ( ˈradruʂ ) ( Ukrainian : Радруж , Radruzh ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec - Zdrój , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Middlebrook encampment was a seasonal encampment of the Continental Army during the American War for Independence near Middle Brook in Bridgewater Township , New Jersey ( between Martinsville and Bound Brook ) in 1777 and again in 1778 - -79 .
Gaznahleh ( Persian : گزنهله‎ , also Romanized as Gaz Nahleh ; also known as Ganzaleh and Gaznahād ) is a village in Sarab Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Fontbonne University is a co - ed liberal arts Catholic institution of approximately 3,000 students ( including 120 + international students from 25 + countries ) in Clayton , Missouri , a suburb of St. Louis .
Podole Małe ( pɔˈdɔlɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Podel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Shengao ( Chinese : 沈高 ; pinyin : Shéngāo ) is a town in Jiangyan District , Taizhou , south - central Jiangsu province , China .
Adlershof ( `` Eagle 's Court '' ) is a locality ( Ortsteil ) in the borough ( Bezirk ) Treptow - Köpenick of Berlin , Germany .
The Duquesne Club is a private social club in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , founded in 1873 .
The Pine Meadow Historic District is a historic district in the town of New Hartford , in Litchfield County , Connecticut .
Mehriz County ( Persian : شهرستان مهریز‎ ) is a county in Yazd Province in Iran .
Borzysław - Kolonia ( bɔˈʐɨswaf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sang - e Malideh ( Persian : سنگ مليده‎ , also Romanized as Sang - e Malīdeh ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jiuli District ( simplified Chinese : 九里区 ; traditional Chinese : 九里區 ; pinyin : Jiǔlǐ Qū ; literally : `` nine li '' ) is one of six districts of Xuzhou , Jiangsu province , China .
AnMed Health Medical Center is a 461-bed acute care hospital at 800 N. Fant St. in Anderson , South Carolina .
Mrzezino ( mʐɛˈʑinɔ ) ( Kashubian : Mrzeżëno ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Boston Consumptives Hospital ( Boston Sanatorium ) is a historic tuberculosis hospital at 249 River Street in the Mattapan neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Llangennech is a village in the area of Llanelli , Carmarthenshire , Wales .
Mazraeh - ye Anjmin ( Persian : مزرعه انجمين‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ānjmīn ) is a village in Sehhatabad Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 62 , in 15 families .
The Shire of Carpentaria is a local government area in Far North Queensland , Australia on the Gulf of Carpentaria , for which it is named .
Chamizal National Memorial , located in El Paso , Texas , along the United States--
Drewnowo - Lipskie ( drɛvˈnɔvɔ ˈlipskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lapasari Village is near Rajkot city in Rajkot district in Gujarat State in India .
Shakh Quli Khel is a Village and union council of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
HMAS Ballarat ( J184 ) , named for the city of Ballarat , Victoria , was one of 60 Bathurst - class corvettes constructed during World War II and one of 20 built for the Admiralty but manned by personnel of and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) .
Lewis County Soldiers ' and Sailors ' Monument is a historic American Civil War monument located at Lowville in Lewis County , New York .
Água Retorta is a civil parish in the municipality of Povoação , on the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
The Payson House at Thornhurst is an historic house at 48 Thornhurst Road in Falmouth , Maine .
Sorkheh Hesar National Park lies with an area of 9,380 hectares ( 23,200 acres ) and stands at an altitude of 1,547 metres ( 5,075 ft ) above sea - level , near by Ray - Tehran 20th District , Tehran , Iran .
The Institute for Social Research ( German : Institut für Sozialforschung ) is a research organization for sociology and continental philosophy , best known as the institutional home of the Frankfurt School and critical theory .
Stari Petlykivtsi ( Ukrainian : Старі Петликівці ) is a village in the Buchach Raion ( district ) of the Ternopil Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Bottom of the Hill is a concert venue located in San Francisco , California , in the Potrero Hill district .
The Sudbury District is a district in Northeastern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario .
Nicholforest is a civil parish in Cumbria , England bordering Scotland .
Oberstockensee is a small lake in the Canton of Bern , Switzerland .
Mazul Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مازول‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yagh Kuh ( Persian : ياغكوه‎ , also Romanized as Yāgh Kūh ) is a village in Sharq va Gharb - e Shirgah Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Value City Arena at The Jerome Schottenstein Center is a multi - purpose arena , located on the campus of Ohio State University , in Columbus , Ohio , United States .
Jakhangaon is a village in the Khatav Taluka ( subdistrict ) of the Satara district in the Indian state Maharashtra .
The Yakima Area Arboretum ( 46 acres ) is an arboretum in Yakima , Washington on a site adjoining the riparian habitat of the Yakima River .
Kjølnes Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Kjølnes fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in Berlevåg Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Mohammad Jafar ( Persian : محمدجعفر‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Jaʿfar ) is a village in Meydavud Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tazehnab - e Mohammad Baqer ( Persian : تازه ناب محمدباقر‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehnāb - e Moḩammad Bāqer ; also known as Pīr Ḩayāmī and Pīr Ḩayātī ) is a village in Shaban Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Newnham on Severn is a village in west Gloucestershire , England .
Shanlian ( Chinese : 善琏 ) is a small town located in northern Zhejiang province in China , in the Nanxun District of the prefecture - level city Huzhou .
Milejowiec ( milɛˈjɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Peace Lutheran College is a co - educational , private boarding school located in Kamerunga in the city of Cairns , Queensland , Australia .
Sorlaci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сорлаци ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Seyyed Damaneh ( Persian : سيددامنه‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Dāmaneh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
After the Act of Mediation , in 1803 , Wileroltigen was assigned to the Canton of Bern despite the protests of the Canton of Fribourg .
Ahan Shahr ( Persian : اهن شهر‎ , also Romanized as Āhan Shahr ) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Shahid Dastgerdi Stadium ( also known as PAS Tehran Stadium ) ( Persian : ورزشگاه شهيد دستگردی‎ ) is a football stadium located in the Ekbatan area of Tehran , Iran .
Hunstanton Lifeboat Station is an RNLI operated lifeboat station located in the village of Old Hunstanton in the English county of Norfolk .
Chah - e Shahdoost , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه شه‌دوست‎ ) is a village in Shuru Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ataléia This municipality is virtual located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais .
Bagh Bisheh ( Persian : باغ بيشه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Bīsheh ; also known as Bāgh Pīshī ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Newport American Legion Community Hut is a historic log meeting hall in Remmel Park , north of Remmel Avenue , in Newport , Arkansas .
Faustianka ( fausˈtjanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Culrain ( Cul Raoin ) is a small village in Sutherland , Highland , Scotland .
Zebina Šuma ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зебина Шума ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Hoodoo River is a river in northwestern British Columbia , Canada , located west of Hoodoo Mountain and the Twin River .
Owens Valley is the arid valley of the Owens River in eastern California in the United States , to the east of the Sierra Nevada and west of the White Mountains and Inyo Mountains on the west edge of the Great Basin section .
Keh Kusan ( Persian : كه كوسان‎ , also Romanized as Keh Kūsān ; also known as Kageh Vasan , Kākeh Owsān , Kakowsān , Kalkūmān , Kekūsān , and Takavassan ) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Crugmeer ( Cornish : Krugmeur , great barrow ) is a hamlet in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Aqa Gol ( Persian : اقاگل‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Gol ) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District , in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Friedrich Wilhelm Gymnasium ( or Friedrich - Wilhelms - Gymnasium ) was a secondary school ( gymnasium ) in Berlin that existed from 1797 until the end of the Second World War .
The Finlandia Hall is a congress and event venue in the centre of Helsinki on the Töölönlahti Bay .
Cieśle Małe ( ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Cheshmeh Gondeh ( Persian : چشمه گنده‎ ; also known as Cheshmeh Gandāb and Cheshmeh Ḩamzeh `` Alī ) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 134 , in 25 families .
Sillamäe ( Russian : Силламяэ ) , known also in Germanized version as Sillamäggi or Sillamägi ( Estonian for `` Bridge Hill '' ) , is a town in Ida - Viru County in the northern part of Estonia , on the southern coast of the Gulf of Finland .
WKUF - LP ( 94.3 FM ) is a student - run low - powered campus radio station located in Flint , Michigan .
Ordowt - e Kal ( Persian : اردوت كل‎ ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sullivan 's Pond is a small artificial lake located in the community of Dartmouth in Nova Scotia 's Halifax Regional Municipality .
Yeyuan ( Chinese : 冶源镇 ) is a town in Linqu County , Weifang , in Shandong province , China .
Cushing Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJT7 ) , was located 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ; 10 mi ) south southwest of Upsala , Ontario , Canada .
Małkinie ( mau̯ˈkiɲe ) ( German : Malkiehnen ( 1938 - 45:Malkienen ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Widforss Trail is a hiking trail located at the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park in the U.S. state of Arizona .
Kadleroshilik Pingo ( or Kadleroshilik Mound ) is a pingo located about 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) southeast of Prudhoe Bay in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Metcalf Gap is a pass through the Palo Pinto Mountains in western Palo Pinto County , Texas .
Ahvan Cultivation and Husbandry Centre ( Persian : كشت وصنعت ودامداري اهوان‎ -- Kesht va Sanʿat va Dāmdārī Ahvān ; also known as Homā ) is a company town and village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wichita North High School , known locally as North , is a fully accredited high school located in Wichita , Kansas , USA , serving students in grades 9 - 12 .
Caddo National Grassland is a National Grassland in the southern Great Plains , consisting of two separate sections located in northeastern and southeastern Fannin County , Texas , USA .
The Beaux - Arts Institute of Design ( BAID ) was an art and architectural school at 304 East 44th Street in Turtle Bay , Manhattan , in New York City .
KFMQ ( 106.1 FM ) is a commercial active rock radio station licensed to Gallup in the U.S. state of New Mexico .
Gåsvatnet ( Southern Sami : Sarvejællanjaevrie ) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county , Norway .
Qaleh - ye Shir Khan ( Persian : قلعه شيرخان‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Shīr Khān and Qal``eh Shīr Khān ) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 438 , in 85 families .
Kushk - e Nar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كوشكنار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Kushk - e Nar District of Gavbandi(Parsian ) County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Aleksandrynów ( alɛksanˈdrɨnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Skålevik is a place on the northern part of the island Flekkerøy in the municipality of Kristiansand , Norway .
Wysogotówek ( vɨsɔɡɔˈtuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Santa Monica Boulevard is a major west - east thoroughfare in Los Angeles County .
McCalls Ferry Farm , also known as the Robert and Matthew McCall Farm , Atkins - Trout Farm , and Kilgore Farm , is a historic farm and national historic district located at Lower Chanceford Township in York County , Pennsylvania .
Union Parish Airport ( FAA LID : F87 ) is a public use airport in Union Parish , Louisiana , United States .
The Riddle House is an old Edwardian house located in Palm Beach County , Florida .
Hingni is a village in Wardha district , Maharashtra , India and Seloo tehsil , also referred to as `` Subhedar 's Hingni '' .
Bad Bad ( Persian : بادباد‎ , also Romanized as Bād Bād and Bādbād ) is a village in Borborud - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lakewood Stadium is a 10,000 seat stadium located in the Lakewood Heights neighborhood of southeast Atlanta , Georgia .
Zardkam ( Persian : زردكام‎ , also Romanized as Zardkām ; also known as Palang Posht ) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The civil parish of Tharston and Hapton lies in the south of the county of Norfolk , England .
Mainz - Drais ( Drais ) is a borough in the western part of Mainz .
Pentre - rhew is a hamlet in the community of Llanddewibrefi , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 58.3 miles ( 93.9 km ) from Cardiff and 169.6 miles ( 272.9 km ) from London .
Park Central Mall was the first shopping mall in Phoenix , Arizona , It is located in Encanto Village , on Central Avenue and Osborn Road .
Gundy is a locality in the Hunter Region of New South Wales , Australia .
The Hillbrow Tower ( JG Strijdom tower ) is a tall tower located in the suburb of Hillbrow in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Liverpool City Council is the governing body for the city of Liverpool in Merseyside , England .
Kristins Hall is an arena located at Stampesletta in Lillehammer , Norway .
Berglund Center ( originally called the Roanoke Civic Center ) is a 9,828-seat multi - purpose arena located in the Williamson Road neighborhood of Roanoke , Virginia .
Ashkezar County ( ) is a county in Yazd Province in Iran .
Chintheche is a settlement in the Nkhata Bay District of the Northern Region of Malawi .
The Stuart Fork Trinity River ( also called Stuart 's Fork ) is a 23-mile ( 37 km ) tributary of the Trinity River in the U.S. state of California .
Marshall 's Grove is a historic plantation house near Selma , Dallas County , Alabama .
Gravenhurst railway station is located in the community of Gravenhurst in Ontario , Canada .
The Trident ( 54 ° 10′S 37 ° 5′W ) is Poseidon's(Angel Gabriel Garcia 's ) ridge surmounted by three peaks , the highest 1,335 m , standing at the east side of Briggs Glacier in South Georgia , South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands .
Drysdale River National Park is a national park in the Kimberley region of Western Australia ( Australia ) , 2,168 kilometres ( 1,347 mi ) northeast of Perth .
The Barron Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station ( or Barron Gorge Hydro ) in Queensland , Australia is an electricity power station commissioned in 1963 with a maximum capacity of 66 megawatts ( 89,000 hp ) .
Garazan - e Pain ( Persian : گرازان پايين‎ , also Romanized as Garāzān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Maspi Rural District , in the Central District of Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Efenechtyd is a hamlet in deep and remote valley in Denbighshire , Wales which contains the Church of St Michael and All Angels .
St. James Colored Methodist Episcopal Church ( St. James C.M.E. Church ; St. James Christian Methodist Episcopal Church ) is a historic church at 408 N. Border Avenue in Tyler , Texas , United States .
Prawocice ( pravɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) ( German : Probotschütz , 1936 - -1945 Wiesenbrunn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Florianópolis ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( floɾi.aˈnɔpolis ) ) is the capital city and second largest city of the state of Santa Catarina , in the South region of Brazil .
The Loudoun Valley is a small , but historically significant valley in the Blue Ridge Mountains located in Loudoun County in northwestern Virginia in the United States .
Niechmirów ( ɲexˈmiruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Remagen station is on the Left Rhine line ( German : Linke Rheinstrecke ) in the city of Remagen in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
The Norwalk rail accident occurred on May 6 , 1853 , in Norwalk , Connecticut and was the first major U.S. railroad bridge disaster ; 48 were killed when a train travelling at 50 mph plunged into the Norwalk Harbor off of an open draw ( swing ) bridge .
Dennis Hof 's Love Ranch , known as the Cherry Patch Ranch prior to 2010 , is one of two brothels in Crystal , Nevada .
Crypt Falls is a waterfall in southwestern Alberta in Waterton Lakes National Park .
Covingham is an urban village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , now part of the built - up area of the Borough of Swindon .
The Shultz - Funk Site ( 36LA7 and 36LA9 ) is a prehistoric archaeological site located at Manor Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
View Royal is a town in Greater Victoria and a member municipality of the Capital Regional District of British Columbia , Canada .
The Bahrain National Stadium ( Arabic : ستاد البحرين الوطني‎ ; transliterated : Stād al - Bahrayn al - Watanī ) is the national stadium of Bahrain , located in East Riffa .
The Dubrower Berge are an ice age range of hills ( end moraines ) in the German state of Brandenburg .
Ganado Airport ( FAA LID : 85V ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) east of the central business district of Ganado , in Apache County , Arizona , United States .
Qarah Qeytan ( Persian : قره قيطان‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Qeyţān ) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bonita Vista High School ( BVH ) is a public , four - year ( grade levels 9 - -12 ) high school located in the city of Chula Vista , California .
The John Pearson Soda Works , also referred to as the Placerville Soda Works , is a historic rustic vernacular Victorian brick building in Placerville , El Dorado County , California .
Seend Cleeve is a large hamlet or sub - village immediately west of Seend in Wiltshire , England .
Fordstreet or Ford Street is a village on the A1124 road , in the civil parish of Aldham in the Colchester district in Essex , England .
Qara Cheshmeh ( Persian : قاراچشمه‎ , also Romanized as Qārā Cheshmeh also known as Qarah Cheshmeh and Qareh Cheshmeh ) is a village in Takht - e Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Choi Sai Woo Park ( Chinese : 賽西湖公園 ) is an urban park located near the top of Braemar Hill at Braemar Hill Road , Hong Kong .
Capreol railway station , located in the community of Capreol , Ontario , Canada , is a stop for Via Rail 's transcontinental The Canadian train service .
Lichenek ( liˈxɛnɛk ) ( German : Klagenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The New Hanover Township School District is a consolidated public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from two communities in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
Kushk Sar ( Persian : كوشك سار‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk Sār and Kūshk - e Sār ) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sikory - Bartyczki ( ɕiˈkɔrɨ barˈtɨt͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Rock Creek Gardens is an affluent residential neighborhood in Northwest , Washington , D.C. It is bounded by West Beach Drive to the east and northeast , Parkside Drive to the south and southwest , and Rock Creek Park to the northeast .
The Coffin Point Plantation Caretaker 's House , located in the Frogmore area of Beaufort County , South Carolina and in the shadows of the nearby Coffin Point Plantation , was built in 1892 as a residence for the plantation 's caretaker .
Cheshmeh Darreh - ye Amirabad ( Persian : چشمه دره اميراباد‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Darreh - ye Amīrābād ; also known as Cheshmeh Darreh ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Qumig ( Chinese : 曲美乡 ) is a village and township of Samzhubzê District ( Shigatse City ) , in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Targowiska ( tarɡɔˈviska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejsce Piastowe , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Rosenberg Railroad Museum is a non - profit organization located at 1921 Avenue F , Rosenberg , Texas and maintains exhibits relating to local railroad history .
Eastland Gardens is a small residential neighborhood , located in northeast Washington , D.C. It is bounded by Eastern Avenue NE to the north , the Watts Branch Tributary to the south , CSX Transportation tracks to the east and the Anacostia River to the west .
Zdziwój Stary ( ˈzd͡ʑivui̯ ˈstarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Beishi District ( simplified Chinese : 北市区 ; traditional Chinese : 北市區 ; pinyin : Běishì Qū ; literally : `` North City '' ) is a district of Baoding , Hebei , People 's Republic of China .
Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KMEZ , FAA LID : MEZ ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of Mena , a city in Polk County , Arkansas , United States .
Michałów Pierwszy ( miˈxawuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bredhurst is centred on The Bell Inn and Bredhurst Church of England primary school .
Goenshari Gewog ( Dzongkha : དགོམ་ཤ་རི་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Punakha District , Bhutan .
The Brough of Birsay is an uninhabited tidal island off the north - west coast of The Mainland of Orkney , Scotland , in the parish of Birsay .
Awagarh is a historic town and a Nagar Panchayat in Etah district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Morefar Back O'Beyond is a secretive , little - used private golf course located on 500 acres ( 2.0 km2 ) in both Danbury , Connecticut and Southeast , New York .
The Tusket River is a Canadian river located in Nova Scotia 's Yarmouth County .
The Trigo Fire was a disastrous wildfire in New Mexico , United States of America that occurred during April and May 2008 .
Canby 's Cross is located in Lava Beds National Monument , about 3 miles south of Tule Lake , and 5 miles south - southwest of the town of Tulelake , California .
Al - Qusayr District ( Arabic : منطقة القصير , translit . : manṭiqat al - Qusair ) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria .
Municipal Inn is a historic structure located in LeClaire Park along the Mississippi River in downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
The Vieux Carré Riverfront Expressway was a controversial , mostly - elevated , never - built freeway that would have cut through the French Quarter ( Vieux Carré ) of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Cusop is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire , England that lies next to the town of Hay - on - Wye in Wales .
The Melba Gully State Park was formed to protect a small pocket of natural rainforest in the Otway Ranges near Apollo Bay in Victoria ( Australia ) .
Ko Phi is a small unoccupied island near Ko Mak , in Trat Province , Thailand .
Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School ( BLMCSS ) is a secondary school in Sha Tin , Hong Kong , near Lek Yuen Estate .
Altrua is a small hamlet , on the south east shore of Loch Lochy , on the A82 road , close to Letterfinlay , Spean Bridge , in Inverness - shire , Scotland , within the Scottish council area of Highland .
Sard Khaneh ( Persian : سردخانه‎ , also Romanized as Sard Khāneh ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gereh Govabar ( Persian : گره گوابر‎ , also Romanized as Gereh Govābar ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kozalin ( kɔˈzalin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Balmullo ( Gaelic : Baile Mhullaich ) is a village in Fife , Scotland .
Fawdington is a hamlet and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England .
The Willenburg , also called the Schlössle , is a ruined hill castle near Schiltach in the county of Rottweil in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Avanj ( Persian : اونج‎ , also Romanized as Āvanj and Evanj ) is a village in Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Bourtons is a civil parish in the Cherwell district of Oxfordshire , England , including Great Bourton and Little Bourton .
Aklimpur is a small Brahman village in Sohna Mandal , Gurgaon District in the state of Haryana , India .
Allah Yar ( Persian : الله يار‎ , also Romanized as Āllah Yār ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cecret Lake ( pronounced like Secret ) is a small alpine lake in Albion Basin near Alta in the U.S. state of Utah .
Hibbing Community College is a community college located in Hibbing , Minnesota , United States .
Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center is a non - profit organization that provides primary healthcare in Washington and Yamhill counties in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Traben - Trarbach on the Middle Moselle is a town in the Bernkastel - Wittlich district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The City of Culture of Galicia ( Galician : Cidade da Cultura de Galicia or simply Cidade da Cultura ) is a complex of cultural buildings in Santiago de Compostela , A Coruña , Galicia , Spain , designed by a group of architects led by Peter Eisenman .
Purna is a town with a municipal council in Parbhani district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
The Rue Elzévir is a street located in the part of Le Marais in the 3rd arrondissement , Paris , France .
Bronówko ( brɔˈnufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mohammad Zaman Khan ( Persian : محمدزمانخان‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Zamān Khān ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Nong Kula ( Thai : หนองกุลา ) is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Columbus State University is a public institution of higher learning located in Columbus , Georgia .
Lay Raz ( Persian : لاي رز‎ , also Romanized as Lāy Raz ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Copinsay ( Old Norse : Kolbeinsey ) is one of the Orkney Islands in Scotland , lying off the east coast of the Orkney Mainland .
The Solomon Pond Mall is operated by Simon Property Group , which owns 49.1 % of it , and is located off Interstate 290 , near its terminus at Interstate 495 , in Marlborough , Massachusetts .
Khatt - e Ahi ( Persian : خطاهي‎ , also Romanized as Khaţţ - e Āhī ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The County of Los Angeles Public Library is the 6th largest public library system in the United States which serves residents living in 50 of the 88 incorporated cities of Los Angeles County , California .
Burr 's Ferry Bridge is a bridge on the Sabine River where LA 8 meets Texas State Highway 63 at the Louisiana and Texas state lines .
Arvieux is a French commune of the Hautes - Alpes department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region of south - eastern France .
The Tom Lantos Tunnels are two tunnels located within the coastal promontory of Devil 's Slide in California , United States , allowing State Route 1 to bypass the treacherous Devil 's Slide stretch .
Death Canyon Shelf is a narrow plateau located in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Odmęt ( ˈɔdmɛnt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Claines is a small village just to the north of Worcester , England , on the east bank of the River Severn .
Breadline Cafe is an American - style restaurant , coffeehouse and bakery located in Omak , Washington , a city in the Okanogan region of United States .
The Big Chicken is a KFC restaurant in Marietta , Georgia , which features a 56-foot - tall ( 17 m ) steel - sided structure designed in the appearance of a chicken rising up from the top of the building .
York Square Cinema ( 1970 - 2005 ) is a former art house cinema located in Downtown New Haven , Connecticut , USA .
Gushkhani ( Sorani Kurdish : گۆشخانی , Persian : گوشخانی‎ , also Romanized as Gūshkhānī ; also known as Goshkhāneh and Qoshkhāneh ) is a village in Razab Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Borvayeh - ye Yusef ( Persian : بروايه يوسف‎ , also Romanized as Borvāyeh - ye Yūsef ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Maj . Gen. Lord Stirling Quarters , also known as Homestead Farm ( 1880 ) and Echo Valley Farms ( 1926 - 1973 ) , is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
The Bartow Downtown Commercial District ( also known as the Old Polk County Courthouse ) is a historic district in central Bartow , Florida .
Mississippi Palisades State Park , is a National Natural Landmark located in Carroll County , Illinois just north of the town of Savanna .
The Farmers and Mechanics Building is a historic `` skyscraper '' located in West Chester , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Tysons Corner Communications Tower , also known as Site E , is a classified United States military microwave tower located in Tysons Corner , Virginia .
The Domus Aurea ( Latin , `` Golden House '' ) was a large landscaped portico villa built by the Emperor Nero in the heart of ancient Rome , after the great fire in A.D. 64 had cleared away the aristocratic dwellings on the slopes of the Palatine Hill .
East Fortune is a village in East Lothian , Scotland , located 2 miles ( 3 km ) north west of East Linton .
Płośno ( ˈpwɔɕnɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Fleury Abbey ( Floriacum ) in Saint - Benoît - sur - Loire , Loiret , France , founded about 640 , is one of the most celebrated Benedictine monasteries of Western Europe , which possesses the relics of St. Benedict of Nursia .
Hebsabad ( Persian : حبس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩebsābād ; also known as Ḩefz̧ābād ) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Calvert Manor is a historic apartment building located at 1925 - 1927 North Calvert Street in Arlington , Virginia .
Chah - e Hassan , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه حسین‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ławny Lasek ( ˈwavnɨ ˈlasɛk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Little Southwest Branch Saint John River is a 49.7 kilometres ( 30.9 mi ) river in Somerset County , Maine .
Berkåk is a village and administrative centre of the municipality of Rennebu in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Valfloriana ( German : Welsch - Flörian ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Trento .
The Essex Memorial Arena was an ice - hockey arena in Essex , Ontario , Canada constructed in 1960 - 1961 .
Burtscheid ( Latin language : Porcetum ) is a town in western Germany , near Aachen .
Buctzotz Municipality ( Yucatec Maya : `` dress made of hair '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 543.45 km2 ) of land and is located roughly 95 kilometres ( 59 mi ) northeast of the city of Mérida .
Ta'um ( Arabic : طعوم‎ , also spelled Tu'um or Taoum ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Idlib Governorate , located northeast of Idlib .
The Lempster Meetinghouse ( Union Hall ) is a historic meeting house and town hall on Lempster Street in Lempster , New Hampshire .
Wola Matiaszowa ( ˈvɔla matjaˈʂɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Воля Матіяшова , Volia Matiyashova ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Wakema Township ( Burmese : ဝါးခယ်မမြို့နယ် ( wákʰɛ̀ma̰ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is a township of Myaungmya District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar .
Edward B. Seymour House is a historic home located on the Germantown - Mount Airy neighborhood boundary of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Pangborn Memorial Airport ( IATA : EAT , ICAO : KEAT , FAA LID : EAT ) is a public use airport in Douglas County , Washington , United States .
Ahmadun ( Persian : احمدون‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadūn ; also known as Aḩmadān ) is a village in Fishvar Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The London Public Library is the public library system of London , Ontario , Canada .
Boneh Dar ( Persian : بنه دار‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Dār ; also known as Banī Dar , Beni Dar , Boney Darreh , and Bonīdar ) is a village in Negel Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Koumantou is a commune and town in Mali , in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region .
Upper Shirley High School is a coeducational school with academy status serving the local community of Upper Shirley in Southampton .
The G.W.C. Whiting School of Engineering , is a division of the Johns Hopkins University located in the university 's Homewood campus in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Qaleh - ye Tabarak ( Persian : قلعه تبرك‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Tabarak and Qal``eh - ye Tabārok ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 109 , in 17 families .
Neskantaga First Nation ( formerly known as Lansdowne House Indian Band ) is a remote Oji - Cree First Nation band government in the northern reaches of the Canadian province of Ontario , situated along the shore of Attawapiskat Lake in the District of Kenora .
WWLL ( 105.7 FM ) is a radio station known as `` 105.7 Lite FM '' which broadcasts from Sebring , in Highlands County , Florida , USA .
The Dallastown Area School District is a large , suburban , public school district serving the Boroughs of Dallastown , Jacobus , Loganville , and Yoe and Springfield Township and York Township in York County , Pennsylvania .
Big Hatchet Peak is the high point of the Big Hatchet Mountains , a small but rugged range in the southwest corner ( the `` Bootheel '' ) of New Mexico , in the United States .
Gandomkal ( Persian : گندمكال‎ , also Romanized as Gandomkāl ; also known as Gandomkār ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Lashsar ( Persian : لش سر‎ ) is a village in Kelardasht - e Gharbi Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Diz ( Persian : قشلاق ديز‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Dīz ) is a village in Shal Rural District , Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Caherconlish ( Irish : Cathair Chinn Lis ) is a village in County Limerick , Ireland .
Sarab - e Dehlor ( Persian : سراب دهلر‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Dehlor ) is a village in Khezel - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Dobsko ( ˈdɔpskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
90 West Street ( alternatively West Street Building ) is a building in Lower Manhattan , New York City designed by architect Cass Gilbert and structural engineer Gunvald Aus for the West Street Improvement Corporation .
Cagnò ( Ladin : Cignòu , German : Kanau ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north of Trento .
Khadem Kandi ( Persian : خادم كندي‎ , also Romanized as Khādem Kandī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
WGTR is a country music radio station owned by iHeartMedia , Inc. licensed to Bucksport , South Carolina and serves the Myrtle Beach area .
Sarasota National Cemetery is a 295-acre ( 119 ha ) United States National Cemetery located near Sarasota , Sarasota County , Florida .
Talkhab - e Shirin ( Persian : تلخاب شيرين‎ , also Romanized as Talkhāb - e Shīrīn and Talkh Āb - e Shīrīn ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kawice ( kaˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Koitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The West Goshen Historic District is a historic district in the village of West Goshen in the town of Goshen , Connecticut .
The Creation Museum , located in Petersburg , Kentucky , USA , is operated by the Christian Creationist apologetics ministry Answers in Genesis ( AiG ) to promote a Young Earth creationist explanation of the origins of the universe based on a literal interpretation of the Genesis creation narrative .
Harvey Randall Wickes Memorial Stadium , known simply as Wickes Stadium , is a 6,300-seat football stadium located in University Center , Michigan , as part of the Ryder Center sports complex on the Saginaw Valley State University campus .
Yeghnajur ( Armenian : Եղնաջուր , also Romanized as Eghnajur ; formerly , Chivinli and Ch’invinli ) is a village in the rural community of Garnarich in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Valgrana is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) southwest of Turin and about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northwest of Cuneo .
Edarikode is a village near the Ayurveda town of Kottakkal , in Malappuram district of Kerala state .
88 Wood Street is a commercial skyscraper in London , located on Wood Street in the City of London .
Gangteng Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྒང་སྟེང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Wangdue Phodrang District , Bhutan .
Dehuk ( Persian : دهوك‎ , also Romanized as Dehūk and Dehook ; also known as Dāhu , Dehak , and Dehū ) is a village in Tasuj Rural District , Shonbeh and Tasuj District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Grand Central Parkway ( GCP ) is a 14.61-mile ( 23.51 km ) long parkway that stretches from the Triborough Bridge in New York City to Nassau County on Long Island .
Murarpalayam , also known as Murar Badu , is a large village in the Viluppuram District , in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Bernie Wolfe Community School is a Kindergarten to grade 8 school that is part of River East Transcona School Division in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Raymont Lodge is a heritage - listed student residential college located in Auchenflower , Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The Ardis Furnace is an abandoned experimental blast furnace located at the northeast corner of Aragon and Antoine Streets ( accessible from US-2 ) in Iron Mountain , Michigan .
Keshtuiyeh ( Persian : كشتوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Keshtū’īyeh ; also known as Geshītū’īyeh , Geshtū - īyeh , Gīshītūnīyeh , and Keshītū - īyeh ) is a village in Sirch Rural District , Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
WUGN ( 997 Family Life Radio ) is a non - commercial Christian FM radio station in Midland , Michigan , operating on 99.7 MHz . The station broadcasts with 100,000 watts from a 997-foot tower , giving it a strong signal throughout the middle of the mitten of Michigan from Houghton Lake southward to Lansing and Flint .
England and Harlequins RFC fly - half Adrian Stoop ( after whom the Harlequins ground in Twickenham is named ) lived in The Grange in Hartley Wintney .
Arden Street Oval ( currently known as Aegis Park due to sponsorship reasons , and also known as the North Melbourne Cricket Ground ) is a sports oval in North Melbourne , Victoria .
Municipally , Strathroy - Caradoc is situated within Middlesex County .
Najaf - e Tarakomeh ( Persian : نجف تراكمه‎ , also Romanized as Najaf - e Tarākomeh ; also known as Najaf and Qeshlāq - e Najaf - e Tarākameh ) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bertowo ( bɛrˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Godega di Sant'Urbano , also known simply as Godega , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) north of Venice and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Treviso .
Papanashi ( Kannada : ಪಾಪನಾಶಿ ) is a village in the Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Dornberk ( pronounced ( ˈdoːɾnbɛɾk ) ; Italian : Montespino ) is a village in western Slovenia in the Municipality of Nova Gorica .
Choqa Gol ( Persian : چقاگل‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Gol ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Conkal Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` place of twenty sales '' or `` place of the parasitic plant cuunka '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 57.48 km2 ) of land and located roughly 16 km northeast of the city of Mérida .
Gujgi - ye Bala ( Persian : گوجگي بالا‎ , also Romanized as Gūjgī - ye Bālā and Gūjkī - ye Bālā ; also known as Bīūkī , Bū’īkī , Bujgi , Gūjgī , and Gūjkī ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Boyland Common is a place in the English county of Norfolk .
Klonowice ( klɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Klönnwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Caleb 's Discovery is a historic home located two miles west of Berlin , Worcester County , Maryland .
Norwegian County Road 774 ( Norwegian : Fylkesvei 774 ) is a 4.2-kilometre ( 2.6 mi ) long county road in the municipality of Levanger in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Harding Charter Preparatory High School is a public charter school based in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma that was founded in 2003 .
Z. M. Jack Stell Field ( IATA : CRT , ICAO : KCRT , FAA LID : CRT ) is a city - owned public - use airport located five nautical miles ( 6 mi , 9 km ) northeast of the central business district of Crossett , in Ashley County , Arkansas , United States .
Kahn - e Razan ( Persian : كهن رزان‎ , also Romanized as Kahn - e Razān ; also known as Kahn - e Zarān ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gap Mountain , located in Troy , New Hampshire , United States , is a small monadnock with three summits ranging between 1,820 feet ( 555 m ) and 1,900 feet ( 579 m ) above sea level .
Cheyne Walk is a historic street , in Chelsea , in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .
The Museum of Somerset is located in the 12th century great hall of Taunton Castle , in Taunton in the county of Somerset , England .
The Julia Richman Education Complex ( JREC ) is an educational multiplex located in the Upper East Side neighborhood in Manhattan , New York City , New York , USA .
Shiragaonwadi is a village in Chikodi Taluka Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka , India .
Deans Court is a student hall of residence at the University of St Andrews , and arguably the oldest dwelling house in the city of St Andrews , Scotland .
The Military Heritage & Aviation Museum is located at Fishermen 's Village , 1200 West Retta Esplanade , Unit 48 , Punta Gorda , Florida .
Jeparit ( /dʒəˈpærɪt/ jə - PARR - it ) is situated on the Wimmera River in Western Victoria , Australia , 370 kilometres ( 230 mi ) north west of Melbourne .
Coalsnaughton or Calibar ( Scottish Gaelic : Caolas Neachdainn ) is a village in Clackmannanshire , Scotland .
Him Lam is a ward ( phường ) of Điện Biên Phủ in Điện Biên Province of northwestern Vietnam .
Fillmore Central School is a public school in Fillmore , Allegany County , New York , U.S.A. , that serves grades Pre - K to Grade 12 and is the only school operated by the Fillmore Central School District .
Stare Zakrzewo ( ˈstarɛ zaˈkʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
KFEQ 680 AM is a Saint Joseph , Missouri area talk radio station that airs local and national programs .
Preston Point ( Niergarup in Noongar ) is a small point in the Swan River , Western Australia .
The Fabra Observatory ( Catalan : Observatori Fabra , IPA : ( upsərβəˈtɔɾi ˈfaβɾə ) ) is an astronomical observatory located in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain pointed towards the south at 415 metres above sea level ( latitude : 41,4184 ° N ; longitude : 2,1239 ° E ) .
The Great Bear Wilderness is located in northern Montana , United States , within Flathead National Forest Created by an act of Congress in 1978 , the wilderness comprises 286,700 acres ( 1,160 km² ) and borders the Bob Marshall Wilderness on the north .
Shisheh Gurab ( Persian : شيشه گوراب‎ , also Romanized as Shīsheh Gūrāb and Shisheh Goorab ; also known as Shishkurab ) is a village in Nowsher - e Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Batmanqelenj - e Sofla ( Persian : باتمانقلنج سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bātmānqelenj - e Soflá ; also known as Bātmānqelīch and Bātmānqelīch - e Soflá ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gare de l'Avenue Foch is a station in Paris ' express suburban rail system , the RER .
Mata Khan District ( Pashto : متا خان ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی متاخان‎ ) is a district of Paktika Province , Afghanistan .
Canicattì ( Italian pronunciation : ( kanikatˈti ) ; Sicilian : Caniattì ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) east of Agrigento .
The Fulton Lock is located in the city of Fulton , Mississippi , and the waterway forms the west boundary of the city .
Nowy Kamion ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈkamjɔn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sujeq ( Persian : سوجق‎ , also Romanized as Sūjeq ; also known as Sūjīq ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Le Bois - d'Oingt is a commune located in the Rhône in the Rhône - Alpes region , in eastern France .
Tobołowo ( tɔbɔˈwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
New St. Joseph Cemetery is a Catholic cemetery located at West Eighth Street and Nebraska Avenue in Cincinnati , Ohio in the Price Hill neighborhood .
KKDO ( 94.7 FM ) is an American commercial radio station serving Sacramento , California .
The Granite Reef Diversion Dam is a concrete diversion dam located 22 miles ( 35 km ) Northeast of Phoenix , Arizona , on the Salt River .
Austin College is a private liberal arts college affiliated by covenant relationship with the Presbyterian Church and located in Sherman , in the U.S. state of Texas , about 60 miles ( about 100 km ) north of Dallas .
East Horndon is a village in the civil parish of West Horndon , in the south of the borough of Brentwood in Essex in the East of England .
Bubbly Creek is the nickname given to the South Fork of the Chicago River 's South Branch , which runs entirely within the city of Chicago , Illinois , US .
Khunik - e Baz ( Persian : خونيك باز‎ , also Romanized as Khūnīk - e Bāz , Khank Bāz , Khonik Baz , and Khūnīk Bās ) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Helston Museum is a museum situated in the former market town of Helston , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Wiuwert ( Dutch : Wieuwerd ) is a village in Littenseradiel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Appoquinimink River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in northern Delaware in the United States .
The North Simcoe Railtrail is a recreational trail located in the Township of Springwater , Simcoe County , Ontario , Canada .
Zdory ( ˈzdɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wadlew ( ˈvadlɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Tuamotus or the Tuamotu Archipelago ( French : Îles Tuamotu , officially Archipel des Tuamotu ) are a chain of islands and atolls in French Polynesia .
Bethelsdorp is a town in Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , 20 km north - west of Port Elizabeth .
Zhovti Vody ( Ukrainian : Жовті Води ; Polish : Żółte Wody ) is a town in south - central Ukraine 's Dnipropetrovsk Oblast ( province ) .
The 1989 firebombing of the Riverdale Press was an attack in which two firebombs were thrown at the offices of a weekly newspaper , the Riverdale Press , in the Riverdale community of the Bronx , New York City on February 28 , 1989 .
Lindsay Collegiate and Vocational Institute , commonly referred to as LCVI or LC is a secondary school in Lindsay , Ontario .
Rayakuduru is a village which comes under Veeravasaram Mandal , West Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Tolombeh - ye Saizadeh ( Persian : تلمبه ساعي زاده‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Sā``īzādeh ; also known as Sā``ī Zādeh ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 47 , in 10 families .
Zielonkowice ( ʑɛlɔnkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Miami Valley Christian Academy is a private , multi - denominational Christian school located on the east side of Cincinnati in Newtown , Ohio , United States .
Kremsmünster Abbey ( German : Stift Kremsmünster ) is a Benedictine monastery in Kremsmünster in Upper Austria .
Mlice - Kostery ( ˈmlit͡sɛ kɔsˈtɛrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sharafabad - e Pain ( Persian : شرف ابادپايين‎ , also Romanized as Sharafābād - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Radisson Blu Daugava Hotel is a 5 star hotel in Riga , Latvia , and was the first hotel in the Baltic states to be managed by an international hotel brand after Latvia regained independence in 1991 .
The Division of Mallee is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria .
Archbald Pothole State Park is a 149.16-acre ( 60.36 ha ) Pennsylvania state park in Archbald , Lackawanna County , Pennsylvania , USA .
The Sawtelle Veterans Home was a care home for disabled American veterans in what is today part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area ( see Sawtelle , Los Angeles ) in California in the United States .
Łychowska Wola ( wɨˈxɔfska ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bilecik Province ( Turkish : Bilecik ili ) is a province in midwest Turkey , neighboring Bursa to the west , Kocaeli and Sakarya to the north , Bolu to the east , Eskişehir to the southeast and Kütahya to the south , spanning an area of 4,307 km² .
Furnace Creek Airport ( IATA : DTH , FAA LID : L06 ) is a public airport located 0.75 miles ( 1 km ) west of Furnace Creek , Death Valley , serving Inyo County , California , USA .
Worleston is a village ( at SJ658564 ) and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Cheung Prey District ( Khmer : ស្រុកជើងព្រៃ ) is a district ( srok ) of Kampong Cham Province , Cambodia .
Chal Tak - e Bala ( Persian : چال تاك بالا‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Tāk - e Bālā ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sokolniki Stare ( sɔkɔlˈniki ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Hall Natural Area or Harvey Monroe Hall Natural Area is a region on the eastern border of Yosemite National Park in California .
Amherst Airport ( TC LID : CCQ4 ) is an abandoned airport that was located 1 NM ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) west of Amherst , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Xinduo ( Chinese:新垛 ) is a township - level division in Xinghua , Jiangsu , China .
Verjan ( Persian : ورجان‎ , also Romanized as Verjān , Varjān , and Vīrjān ) is a village in Kahak Rural District , Kahak District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Akilia Island is an island in southwestern Greenland , about 22 kilometers south of Nuuk ( Godthåb ) , at 63.933 ° N 51.667 ° W. Akilia is the location of a rock formation that has been proposed to contain the oldest known sedimentary rocks on Earth , and perhaps the oldest evidence of life on Earth .
Choqa Khazan ( Persian : چقاخزان‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Khazān ; also known as Choqā Qazān ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
West Mersea ( formerly spelt Mersey ) is a small town and electoral ward in the Colchester borough of Essex , England .
Eskin - e Sofla ( Persian : اسكين سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Eskīn - e Soflá ; also known as Eskīn and Askīn ) is a village in Dehpir - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hazelwood East High School is one of three high schools in the Hazelwood School District , St. Louis County , Missouri , the others being Hazelwood West High School and Hazelwood Central High School .
WAFY ( 103.1 FM ; `` Key 103 '' ) is a radio station located in Frederick , Maryland , in the United States .
Signal 's Lily Flagg 31035 ( 1884 - - ? ) , also spelled Flag , was a Jersey cow , the top butter producer in the world in 1892 , owned by W. E. Matthews and General Samuel H. Moore of Huntsville , Alabama .
Wojmiany ( vɔi̯ˈmjanɨ ) ( German : Woymanns ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Cambusnethan House , or Cambusnethan Priory , in North Lanarkshire , Scotland , was designed by James Gillespie Graham and completed in 1820 .
Abu ol Qasem ( Persian : ابوالقاسم‎ , also Romanized as Abū ol Qāsem ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Neosho Hugh Robinson Airport ( IATA : EOS , ICAO : KEOS , FAA LID : EOS ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Neosho , a city in Newton County , Missouri , United States .
Cranwich is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north west of Mundford .
Madison Theatre is a historic theater in Peoria , Illinois , United States that opened on October 16 , 1920 , as a silent picture theatre .
Barnett Hospital and Nursing School is a historic hospital and school building located at Huntington , Cabell County , West Virginia .
Administratively Wulveringem has been controlled from Veurne since 1977 .
Gohana ( Hindi : गोहाना ) is a city and a municipal council in the Sonipat district of the Indian state of Haryana ( pincode 131301 ) .
Northern Correctional Institution is a high - security state prison in Somers , in the northern part of the U.S. state of Connecticut .
The Milton Center Historic District is a 180 acres ( 73 ha ) historic district in the town of Litchfield , Connecticut , that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in 1986 .
The Anderson - Clark Farmstead , located at 378 W. Clark St. in Grantsville , Utah , also known as the J. Reuben Clark Farm , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 .
Bandana Square is now an office center but was originally designed to be an enclosed shopping center in Energy Park ( an industrial street ) in Saint Paul , Minnesota .
In its narrower sense the term Upper Harz only covers the seven Upper Harz mining towns ( Bergstädte ) - Clausthal , Zellerfeld , Andreasberg , Altenau , Lautenthal , Wildemann and Grund - in the present - day German federal state of Lower Saxony .
Allenwiller ( Alsatian : Allanwiller , French : Allunwillier ) is a former commune in the Bas - Rhin department in the Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine region of northeastern France .
The Republican Force Tucumán ( Spanish : Fuerza Republicana Tucumán , FR ) is a provincial conservative political party in Tucumán Province , Argentina .
Pedreña is a village in the municipality of Marina de Cudeyo , Cantabria , northern Spain .
Basilica Minore dei Santi Filippo e Giacomo is a Roman Catholic basilica located in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
Serivan Asheqan ( Persian : سريوان عاشقان‎ , also Romanized as Serīvān `` Āsheqān ) is a village in Badranlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 191 , in 54 families .
Prince Edward Island ( PEI or P.E.I. ; French : Île - du - Prince - Édouard ) is a province of Canada consisting of the island of the same name , as well as several much smaller islands .
Franulew ( fraˈnulɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Lone Star Army Ammunition Plant was a 15,546-acre ( 62.91 km2 ) government - owned , contractor - operated ( GOCO ) facility 12 miles west of Texarkana , Texas that was established in 1942 .
Pavlodar Region ( Kazakh : Павлодар облысы , Pavlodar oblısı ) is a region of Kazakhstan .
The Ross Memorial Museum is a personal decorative arts collection displayed in a fine early 19th - century house in the National Historic District of St. Andrews , New Brunswick , Canada .
L'Enfant Plaza is a complex of four commercial buildings grouped around a large plaza in the Southwest section of Washington , D.C ..
Reay Parish Church is a Church of Scotland parish church serving Reay , Caithness .
Saint Charles Reservoir , is located in Stem Beach , Colorado , United States , within Pueblo County .
Wola Łęczeszycka ( ˈvɔla wɛnt͡ʂɛˈʂɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ralph F. DellaCamera Stadium is a sport stadium in West Haven , Connecticut .
Area codes 450 and 579 are telephone area codes in the Canadian province of Quebec , encompassing the off - island suburbs of Montreal , which is served by area codes 514 and 438 .
The Clement C. Clay Bridge ( CC Clay Bridge or Whitesburg Bridge ) are two bridges that span the Tennessee River just south of Huntsville in northern part of the U.S. state of Alabama .
The Genesee Towers was the tallest building in Flint , Michigan , United States .
Penybont ( also sometimes spelled Pen - y - Bont ) is a small village in Powys , Wales .
Kanchipuram district ( Tamil : காஞ்சிபுரம் மாவட்டம் ) is a district in the northeast of the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
Wólka Kozodawska ( ˈvulka kɔzɔˈdafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dzyatlava District ( Belarusian : Дзятлаўскі раён ) is a district ( rajon ) in Grodno Region of Belarus .
Šalara ( pronounced ( ʃaˈlaːɾa ) ; Italian : Salara ) is a settlement on the outskirts of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Suhovo ( Bulgarian : Сухово ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Gateway National Recreation Area is a 26,607-acre ( 10,767 ha ) National Recreation Area in the Port of New York and New Jersey .
Pas Peres ( Persian : پس پرس‎ , also Romanized as Pesperes ) is a village in Mian Band Rural District , in the Central District of Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hallering ( German : Halleringen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
First Congregational and Presbyterian Society Church of Westport , now known as United Church of Christ of Wadhams , is a historic Congregational church on Main Street / CR 10 in Westport , Essex County , New York .
Gazneshk ( Persian : گزنشك‎ , also Romanized as Gazenshak and Gaznishk ) is a village in Karghond Rural District , Nimbeluk District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The 2nd Street Tunnel is a widely filmed and photographed tunnel on 2nd Street under Bunker Hill in Downtown Los Angeles , California .
The Lime Kiln Light is a functioning navigational aid located on Lime Kiln Point overlooking Dead Mans Bay on the western side of San Juan Island , San Juan County , Washington , in the United States .
Deeping St Nicholas , near Spalding in Lincolnshire , England is a village on the A1175 road between The Deepings and Spalding .
Kularzan ( Persian : كول ارزن‎ , also Romanized as Kūlārzan ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Deutsche Schule Melbourne ( commonly referred to as ' DSM ' ) is an independent co - educational school located in North Fitzroy , a northern suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Nokomis Knoll Residential Historic District is a neighborhood of houses near Lake Nokomis in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
The Islands of the Potomac Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area consisting of islands within the Potomac River in Maryland , USA along its border with the state of Virginia .
The Creque Marine Railway , formerly the `` St Thomas Marine Repair Facility '' , is an inclined - plane ship railway on Hassel Island , in the bay of Charlotte Amalie off the coast of St. Thomas Island , in the U.S. Virgin Islands .
Emamzadeh Emir Hazer ( Persian : امامزاده اميرحاضر‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Emīr Ḩāz̤er ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lenape Technical School is a public high school located in Ford City , Pennsylvania , USA which offers vocational training in 16 technical areas .
Pima Community College ( PCC ) is an American two - year institution of higher education in Pima County , Arizona serving the Tucson metropolitan area .
The Jarrell Plantation State Historic Site is a cotton plantation and state park in Juliette , Georgia , United States .
Alpirsbach Abbey ( in German Kloster Alpirsbach ) was a house of the Benedictine Order located at Alpirsbach in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Alegrete is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul located in southern Brazil .
Bascapè is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southeast of Milan and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northeast of Pavia .
Izvoarele Sucevei ( Ukrainian : Ізвори ) is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Pain Ab - e Sofla Sharqi ( Persian : پائين اب سفلي شرقي‎ , also Romanized as Pā'īn Āb - e Soflá Sharqī ; also known as Pā'īnāb - e Pā'īn and Pā'īn Āb - e Soflá ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bavi County ( Persian : شهرستان باوی‎ ) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran , famous for the importance of birds in the area .
Tanazarud ( Persian : تنازارود‎ , also Romanized as Tanāzārūd ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Linz am Rhein ( in English Linz on the Rhine ) is a municipality in the district of Neuwied , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Bert Leedy Round Barn , also known as Paxton Round Barn and as Fulton County Historical Society Round Barn , is a round barn located in Richland Township near Rochester , Indiana , United States .
Dongwangpo Township ( simplified Chinese : 东王坡乡 ; traditional Chinese : 東王坡鄉 ; pinyin : Dōngwángpō Xiāng ) is a township of Pingshan County in the eastern foothills of the Taihang Mountains in western Hebei province , China .
Karkuyeh ( Persian : كركويه‎ , also Romanized as Karkūyeh , Karakūyeh , and Karekūyeh ; also known as Kareh Kūyeh ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Atuona , located on Atuona Bay on the southern side of Hiva Oa island , French Polynesia , is the administrative centre of the commune ( municipality ) of Hiva - Oa .
Muckle Skerry is the largest of the Pentland Skerries that lie off the north coast of Scotland .
Bridge in Yardley Borough was a historic stone arch bridge located at Scammells Corner in Yardley , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Shir Ahan Shahr ( Persian : شيراهن شهر‎ , also Romanized as Shīr Āhan Shahr and Shīrāhan - e Shahr ; also known as Shīr Āhan ) is a village in Kangan Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kysucké Nové Mesto District ( okres Kysucké Nové Mesto ) is a district in the Žilina Region of northern central Slovakia , in the Kysuce region .
Woodlawn Beach State Park is a 93-acre ( 0.38 km2 ) park located near the Village of Blasdell on the eastern shore of Lake Erie in Erie County , New York , United States .
The Place Beauvau is a public square in the 8th arrondissement of Paris , at the intersection of the Rue du Faubourg - Saint - Honoré , the Avenue de Marigny , the Rue des Saussaies , and the Rue de Miromesnil .
The Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia at Ferris State University , Big Rapids , Michigan , displays a wide variety of artifacts , including cartoons , figurines , and advertising , depicting the history of racist portrayals of African Americans in American popular culture .
Bassi Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary near Bassi in Chittorgarh district of Rajasthan , India , 5 kilometres from the Bassi Fort Palace .
Łozinka ( wɔˈʑinka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
One of them is the Grand Sport Arena which is the home of FC Zenit of Saint Petersburg , Russia and is commonly referred to as `` Petrovsky Stadium . ''
The Finance Centre is located at 9th Ave . Bonifacio Global City Taguig and is near the establishments of Serendra , Bonifacio High Street , and Market !
The Ohev Sholem Synagogue is a historic synagogue building at 109 Blinman Street in New London , Connecticut .
America 's Packard Museum is an automotive museum located in Dayton , Ohio .
Ratajewicze ( ratajɛˈvʲit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Shute Harbour is a sheltered port for small vessels located approximately 10 kilometres east of Airlie Beach on the Whitsunday Coast of Queensland , Australia .
Kingsbury Place is a private place neighborhood in St. Louis , Missouri that was founded in 1902 .
Toernich ( Luxembourgish : Täernech , Walloon : Tournich ) is part of the Belgian town of Arlon in the Walloon region in the province of Luxembourg .
Fenwick Island State Park is a 344-acre ( 139 ha ) Delaware state park between Ocean City , Maryland and South Bethany , Delaware in Sussex County , Delaware , US .
The San Lucio Pass , located in the Lugano Prealps at an altitude of 1,541 metres ( 5,056 ft ) above sea level , connects the Val Cavargna in the Italian province of Como with the Val Colla in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Emporia Municipal Airport ( IATA : EMP , ICAO : KEMP , FAA LID : EMP ) is a city - owned public - use airport , located five miles south of Emporia , in Lyon County , Kansas .
Ford 's Chapel United Methodist Church , or simply Ford 's Chapel UMC , is a United Methodist church located in Harvest , Alabama , in the United States .
Carlyle House is a historic mansion in Alexandria , Virginia , United States , built by Scottish merchant John Carlyle in 1751 - -53 .
Swetman House or Swetmann House is a historic residence at 325 5th Avenue in Seward , Alaska .
North Stradbroke Island ( Indigenous : Minjerribah ) , colloqually Straddie or North Straddie , is an island that lies within Moreton Bay in the Australian state of Queensland , 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southeast of the capital Brisbane .
Rondo 1 is an office skyscraper with a total height of 192 m located in Warsaw , Poland at Rondo ONZ .
Bhadohi ( Hindi : भदोही ) is a city , Lok Sabha constituency and a municipal board in Sant Ravidas Nagar district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Lemieszów ( lɛˈmjɛʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Göttingen Observatory ( Universitätssternwarte Göttingen ( Göttingen University Observatory ) or königliche Sternwarte Göttingen ( Royal Observatory Göttingen ) ) is a German astronomical observatory located in Göttingen , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Lake Claiborne State Park is a popular recreation site located in Claiborne Parish , northwestern Louisiana , USA .
Chaqan ( Persian : چاقان‎ , also Romanized as Chāqān ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
White Hall State Historic Site is a 14-acre ( 5.7 ha ) park in Richmond , Kentucky , southeast of Lexington .
The Tennessee State Capitol , located in Nashville , Tennessee , is the home of the Tennessee legislature , the location of the governor 's office , and a National Historic Landmark .
Čiližská Radvaň ( Hungarian : Csilizradvány , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈtʃilizrɒdvaːɲ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
The Mayon Volcano Natural Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the Bicol Region ( Region 5 ) on southeast Luzon Island , the largest island of the country .
Rudbari Konar ( Persian : رودباري كنار‎ , also Romanized as Rūdbārī Konār ; also known as Rūdbār Konār ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Elijah Herndon House is located in California , Kentucky and built in the Federal style .
The Nyl River ( Afrikaans : Nylrivier ) is a watercourse in Limpopo Province , South Africa .
A member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Prince Patrick Island is the westernmost of the Queen Elizabeth Islands in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
Arjrud ( Persian : ارجرود‎ , also Romanized as Arjrūd and Arjarūd ) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Gracemount High School is a non - denominational six - year comprehensive secondary school serving south - east Edinburgh , Scotland .
Guantian District ( Chinese : 官田區 ; pinyin : Guāntián Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Kuan1-t'ian2 Ch'ü1 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Koaⁿ-tiān - khu ) is a rural district in central Tainan City , Republic of China , commonly known as Taiwan .
100 North Main is the tallest building in Memphis , Tennessee .
Baczysław ( baˈt͡ʂɨswaf ) ( German : Batzlaff ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Pim Island ( previously Bedford Pim Island ) is located off the eastern coast of Ellesmere Island , part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut .
Motal Sara ( Persian : مطالع سرا‎ , also Romanized as Moţalʿ Sarā ; also known as Moţallā Sarā - ye Lemīr ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Englert Theatre in Iowa City , Iowa , is a renovated vaudeville - era playhouse now serving as a community arts center and 725-seat performance venue .
The Dorchester Penitentiary ( French : Pénitencier de Dorchester ) is a Canadian federal corrections facility located in the village of Dorchester , New Brunswick .
Yuyang District ( simplified Chinese : 榆阳区 ; traditional Chinese : 榆陽區 ; pinyin : Yúyáng Qū ) , is a district of Yulin , Shaanxi , China .
Verkykerskop is a town in Phumelela Local Municipality in the Free State province of South Africa , located on the R722 .
Shirg - e Aqa ( Persian : شيرگ اقا‎ , also Romanized as Shīrg - e Āqā ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yarroweyah ( /ˈjærəwiːə/ YARR - ə - wee - ə ) is a town in northern Victoria , Australia .
Aoral District ( Khmer : ស្រុកឱរ៉ាល់ ) is a district located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia .
The Münchner Stadtanzeiger was a weekly newspaper published in Munich from 1845 to 1997 .
WBHC - FM ( 92.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format licensed to Hampton , South Carolina , USA .
Other facets of the rail trail are the location of information boards as well as replicated road crossing markers . The first section of the Old Beechy Rail Trail was officially opened by Victoria 's premier , Mr Steve Bracks in July 2005 .
Cheshmeh Mantash ( Persian : چشمه منتش‎ , also Romanized as Chashmeh Mantash ; also known as Chashmeh Mantas , Cheshmeh Mansh , and Cheshmeh Mīsh ) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Luowang Township ( Chinese : 罗王乡 ; pinyin : Luówáng Xiāng ) is a township situated in the Kaifeng County , Kaifeng in the province of Henan , China .
Mae Sa ( Thai : ? ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Rim District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
South Bonnevoie ( Luxembourgish : Bouneweg - Süd , French : Bonnevoie - Sud , German : Bonneweg Süd ) is a quarter in south - eastern Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Valley Stream State Park is a state park located in Valley Stream , Nassau County , New York in the United States .
Asman Bolaghi ( Persian : اسمان بلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Āsmān Bolāghī ) is a village in Ansar Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Giełdoń ( ˈɡʲɛu̯dɔɲ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Beacon Charter High School for the Arts is a charter high school in Woonsocket , Rhode Island that first opened in 2003 .
Heartland Community School is a public elementary and secondary education school located in Henderson , Nebraska , United States .
The Yuha Desert is a section of the Sonoran Desert located in the Imperial Valley of California ; south of Interstate 8 , west of El Centro , and north of the international border .
Westdowns ( sometimes spelled incorrectly as Westdown ) is a small hamlet in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Woźniczna ( vɔʑˈnit͡ʂna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleśna , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Bailey Farm is an historic farm at 373 Wyatt Road in Middletown , Rhode Island .
Oldway Mansion became the Torbay Country Club in 1929 .
The Green Hill Historic District encompasses historical cross - section of residential housing in Brookline , Massachusetts , dating from the 18th century into the mid-20th century .
Loughrigg Tarn ( /ˌlʌfrɪɡ ˈtɑrn/ ) is a small , natural lake in the Lake District , Cumbria , England .
Higher End or Billinge Higher End is an area of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan , Greater Manchester , England .
Foy House is a Victorian Italianate - style house that was built in 1872 , located in Los Angeles , California .
The Musée Jean de La Fontaine is a writer 's house museum located in Château - Thierry , France .
The Düben Heath ( German : Dübener Heide ) is a landscape in Germany in eastern Saxony - Anhalt and northern Saxony , between the rivers Elbe and the Mulde , on the northern edge of the Leipzig Bay .
Barabasti or Barah Basti is a group of 12 villages lying in Bulandshahr district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Kurtalići ( Serbian : Курталићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Naval Air Station Cecil Field or NAS Cecil Field ( IATA : NZC , ICAO : KNZC , FAA LID : NZC ) was a United States Navy air base , located in Duval County , Florida .
King - Lebel is a designated place in the Canadian province of Ontario , located in the Timiskaming District .
Congo Square is an open space within Louis Armstrong Park , which is located in the Tremé neighborhood of New Orleans , Louisiana , just across Rampart Street north of the French Quarter .
Kasegar Kola ( Persian : كاسگر كلا‎ , also Romanized as Kāsegar Kolā ; also known as Kāsehgar Kalā and Kāsehgar Kolā ) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sardi 's is a Continental restaurant located at 234 West 44th Street ( between Broadway and Eighth Avenue ) in the Theater District in Manhattan , in New York City .
The Neilson River flows into the territory of the municipality of Saint - Raymond , in the Portneuf Regional County Municipality , in the administrative region of the Capitale - Nationale , in Quebec , in Canada .
Varzan ( Persian : ورزن‎ ) is a village in Adaran Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Ranch to Market Road 337 or RM 337 is a Texas state road that runs from Camp Wood east to Medina .
Parak - e Morad ( Persian : پارک مراد‎ , also Romanized as Pārak - e Morād ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mutsk ( Armenian : Մուցք , also Romanized as Muts’k '' and Mutsq ; formerly , Mazra , Bartsravan , and Bardzravan ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Lindbergh Educational Center , also known as Manteca Adult School , located in Manteca , California , is part of the Manteca Unified School District .
The Lochsa River is in the northwestern United States , in the mountains of north central Idaho .
The Municipality of Mosman is a local government area on the Lower North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Alpine Valleys is an Australian wine region in northeast Victoria .
Latakia Governorate ( Arabic : مُحافظة اللاذقية‎ / ALA - LC : Muḥāfaẓat al - Lādhiqīyah ) is one of the fourteen governorates ( provinces ) of Syria .
Gutów Mały ( ˈɡutuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chhaling ( Nepali : छलिङ ) is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Gerd Naleyn ( Persian : گردنعلين‎ , also Romanized as Gerd Na``leyn ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 149 , in 19 families .
Majdów ( ˈmai̯duf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Armiabad ( Persian : ارمي آباد‎ , also Romanized as Ārmīābād ; also known as Ārmābād ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Estádio Alfredo Schürig most commonly known as Estádio Parque São Jorge , or Fazendinha , is a football stadium inaugurated on July 22 , 1928 in São Paulo , Brazil .
Khatibi ( Persian : خطيبي‎ , also Romanized as Khaţībī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Khitābi ) is a village in Afin Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lake Minto ( Inuktitut : Qasigialik , `` where there are spotted seals '' ) is a lake on western Ungava Peninsula , Nunavik , Quebec , Canada .
Montview , also known as the Carter Glass Estate , is a historic home located on the Liberty University campus at Lynchburg , Virginia .
The Carl H. Pforzheimer Collection of Shelley and His Circle is one of the special collections housed within The New York Public Library 's Stephen A. Schwarzman building .
Blue Mud Bay is a large , shallow , partly enclosed bay on the eastern coast of Arnhem Land , in the Northern Territory of Australia , facing Groote Eylandt on the western side of the Gulf of Carpentaria .
The Community of Communes Ackerland ( French : Communauté de communes Ackerland ) is a French intercommunal structure gathering most of the communes of the Ackerland natural region , next to Kochersberg , département of Bas - Rhin , région Alsace .
The Royal Berkshire Hospital is a National Health Service hospital in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire .
The World 's Biggest Bookstore was a bookstore located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , at 20 Edward St , just north of the Toronto Eaton Centre and the Atrium on Bay .
Smith Tower is a skyscraper in Pioneer Square in Seattle , Washington .
Watermelon Creek passes through the cities of Belton and Williamston , South Carolina .
Zolfaqar ( Persian : ذوالفقار‎ , also Romanized as Ẕolfaqār ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Karlamilyi National Park ( formerly Rudall River National Park ) is a national park in the Pilbara region of Western Australia ( Australia ) , 1,252 kilometres ( 778 mi ) northeast of Perth .
Traiguera is a town and municipality in the Baix Maestrat comarca , province of Castelló , Valencian Community , Spain .
Belton Court ( also known as Ferrin Hall , Barrington College , Gibson Memorial Building , and Peck Mansion ) is a historic estate on Middle Highway in Barrington , Rhode Island .
New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam is a dam with inactive lock at the site of the dead town of New Savannah , Georgia on the Savannah River south of Augusta , Georgia .
Fastaq ( Persian : فستق‎ ) is a village in Bayat Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Bijar Khaleh ( Persian : بيجارخاله‎ , also Romanized as Bījār Khāleh ; also known as Bidzhar - Khale ) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
CHYH - FM is a radio station that broadcasts on a frequency 90.3 FM in Taloyoak , Nunavut , Canada .
John D'Or Prairie 215 ( Jean D’Or in French ) is an Indian reserve of the Little Red River Cree Nation in northern Alberta , Canada .
Daniel Hand High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school in Madison , Connecticut , US serving grades 9 - 12 .
The Laogai Museum is a museum in Dupont Circle , Washington , D.C. which showcases human rights in the People 's Republic of China , focusing particularly on the laogai , the Chinese prison system .
The Torre della Ghirlandina or simply Ghirlandina is the bell tower of the Cathedral of Modena , in Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Qonggyai County or Chongye County , ( Tibetan : འཕྱོངས་རྒྱས་རྫོང་ , THL : Chonggyé dzong , Chinese : 琼结县 ; pinyin : Qióngjié xiàn ) is a county of Lhoka Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region .
St Fagans Old Rectory is a Grade II * listed building in the village of St Fagans in western Cardiff .
Enfield Town , also known as Enfield , is the historic town centre of Enfield , in the London Borough of Enfield .
Muławki ( muˈwafki ) ( German Muhlack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
So Lo Pun ( 鎖羅盆 ) is a village in the northeastern New Territories , Hong Kong , within the Plover Cove Country Park .
Chanchai Acadium is an indoor sporting arena , located in Bangkokthonburi University Bangkok , Thailand .
Kabgivan ( Persian : كبگيون‎ , also Romanized as Kabgīvan ) is a village in Chenar Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Qaleh - ye Chum ( Persian : قلعه چوم‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Chūm ) is a village in Keraj Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 737 , in 201 families .
Trojan Arena is a 5,200 seat arena that is home to the Troy men 's and women 's basketball , volleyball and track programs .
Mason Jewett Field ( ICAO : KTEW , FAA LID : TEW ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) southeast of the central business district of Mason , in Ingham County , Michigan , United States .
Garenin ( Scottish Gaelic : Na Gearrannan ) is a crofting township found on the west coast of the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland .
Qasemabad - e Gorji ( Persian : قاسم ابادگرجي‎ , also Romanized as Qāsemābād - e Gorjī ) is a village in Ramjin Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The E. H. Brabrook House is an historic duplex house at 42 - 44 Avon Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The Körnerpark is situated in Berlin Neukölln between Jonasstraße , Schierker Straße , Selkestraße and Wittmannsdorfer Straße .
Medfield State Hospital , originally the Medfield Insane Asylum , is a historic former psychiatric hospital complex at 45 Hospital Road in Medfield , Massachusetts .
Kampli is a town in the Bellary district , Hospet taluk , in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Fashkhvoran ( Persian : فشخواران‎ , also Romanized as Fashkhvorān ) is a village in Fash Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Hôtel Goüin is a hôtel particulier in Tours , France .
Marsh Baldon is village and in the Baldons civil parish about 5 miles ( 8 km ) southeast of Oxford in Oxfordshire .
Upper Layham is a village on the B1070 road , in the civil parish of Layham , in the Babergh district , in the county of Suffolk , England .
The Vanna Venturi House , one of the first prominent works of the postmodern architecture movement , is located in the neighborhood of Chestnut Hill in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Solent Arena ( /ˈsoʊlənt/ SOH - lənt ) is an indoor arena , in Fareham , Hampshire .
Patah Vir ( Persian : پته وير‎ , also Romanized as Patah Vīr , Patahvīr or Patamur ) is a village in Zulachay Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Municipal District of Foothills No . 31 is a municipal district in southern Alberta , Canada adjacent to the south side of Calgary in Census Division No . 6 .
The Prayer Tower is a late Googie design - influenced tower located on the campus of Oral Roberts University in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Zaręby - Kramki ( zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈkramki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hoseynabad - e Serkan ( Persian : حسين ابادسركان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Serkān ; also known as Hasanābād , Ḩoseynābād , and Ḩoseynābād Mehrkān ) is a village in Solgi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Attaquin Beach is a beach at Mashpee and Wakeby Ponds in Cape Cod , Massachusetts .
Wólka Jeruzalska ( ˈvulka jɛruˈzalska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Big Cypress Tree State Park is a state park in Weakley County , Tennessee , located in the Southeastern United States .
Basl Kuh ( Persian : بصل كوه‎ , also Romanized as Başl Kūh ) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sanderson Field ( IATA : SHN , ICAO : KSHN , FAA LID : SHN ) is a public lighted - land airport located in Shelton , a city in Mason County , Washington , United States .
Świdrówka ( ɕfiˈdrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczucin , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Military Circle Mall , known as The Gallery at Military Circle Mall from 2002 to 2015 , is an enclosed shopping mall in Norfolk , Virginia .
Franz Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in southwest Washington State , within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area .
The Lamington Bridge is a heritage - listed road bridge over the Mary River at Maryborough , Queensland , Australia .
Bakalar Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base located 4.4 miles ( 7.1 km ) north - northeast of Columbus , Indiana .
Golf del Sur is a holiday resort and golf course situated in Tenerife , Canary Islands within the municipality of San Miguel de Abona .
Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalaya , also known as BCKV and Bidhan Chandra Agricultural University , is an agricultural university in West Bengal , India .
Malloa ( from Mapudungún mallohue , `` place of the white clay '' ) is a Chilean commune and town in Cachapoal Province , O'Higgins Region .
Roughlee is a village in Pendle , Lancashire , England , in the civil parish of Roughlee Booth .
Lin'an City ( Chinese : 临安市 ; Pinyin : Lín'ān Shì ) is a county - level city in Hangzhou , Zhejiang Province of China .
The Capron - Phillips House is a historic house at 1129 Main Street in the South Coventry village of Coventry , Connecticut .
Karrantza ( in Basque and officially , in Spanish Carranza ) , also known as Karrantza Harana ( Basque for Valley of Karrantza ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Basque Country .
Geraiyeh ( Persian : گراييه‎ , also Romanized as Gerā’īyeh and Garā``īyeh ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 151 , in 27 families .
Bishop McGuinness Catholic High School ( McGuinness ) is a college - preparatory secondary school located in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States .
Casa Chiquita ( `` Small House '' ) is a Ancestral Puebloan great house and archaeological site located in Chaco Canyon , northwestern New Mexico , United States .
St. Hilary Roman Catholic Church began as a Polish congregation on Henderson Avenue , at the corner of Bruce St and Henderson Avenue ( Rt . 18 North ) in Washington , Pennsylvania within the Diocese of Pittsburgh .
Miller 's Department Store was a chain of department stores based in East Tennessee .
Ravnan ( Persian : راونان‎ , also Romanized as Rāvnān ) is a village in Dehsard Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Historic Adobe Building , also known as the Mountain View Adobe , is a multi - purpose structure in Mountain View , California .
Kambaladinne is a small village in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Telaki ( tɛˈlaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gosforth Park is a park north of Gosforth in the borough of Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Victor Braunig Lake , formerly known as East Lake , is a reservoir on Calaveras Creek and Chupaderas Creek 17 miles ( 27 kilometers ) south of Downtown San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Bristol - Plymouth Regional Technical School is a vocational high school located in East Taunton , Massachusetts that has been in operation since September 1972 .
Part of the London Borough of Camden , it is known for its intellectual , liberal , artistic , musical and literary associations and for Hampstead Heath , a large , hilly expanse of parkland .
Farm to Market Road 170 , Farm Road 170 , or FM 170 is a 114.6-mile ( 184.4 km ) highway maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) in Presidio and Brewster counties in Texas .
Saqqez Darreh ( Persian : سقزدره‎ , also Romanized as Saqez Darreh ; also known as Saqqez Darreh - ye Bālā and Qez Darreh ) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Garmarud ( Persian : گرمارود‎ , also Romanized as Garmārūd ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Karsunak ( Persian : كرسونك‎ , also Romanized as Karsūnak ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Aleksandria Druga ( alɛkˈsandrja ˈdruɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Two Creeks Buried Forest State Natural Area is a site in the Wisconsin State Natural Areas Program and a unit of the Ice Age National Scientific Reserve .
Damdez ( Persian : دم دز‎ ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
M&T Bank Stadium is a multi - purpose football stadium located in Baltimore , Maryland .
Khuznan ( Persian : خوزنان‎ , also Romanized as Khūznān and Khoznān ) is a village in Ziaran Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
McCormick - Stillman Railroad Park is a 40-acre ( 16 ha ) railroad park located in Scottsdale , Arizona .
Hermigua is a town and a municipality in the northeastern part of La Gomera in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife of the Canary Islands , Spain .
Darbidu ( Persian : دربيدو‎ , also Romanized as Darbīdū ) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District , Poshtkuh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Rzymiany ( ʐɨˈmjanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
CJBW is a First Nations community radio station which operates at 1330 AM / KHz in Jans Bay , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Koochiching State Forest is a state forest located near International Falls in Itasca , Koochiching , and Saint Louis counties , Minnesota .
Lombardsijde , also Lombartzyde , is a district in the Belgian municipality of Middelkerke in West Flanders province , in northwestern Belgium near Nieuwpoort .
Nesfi ( Persian : نصفي‎ , also Romanized as Neşfī ; also known as Nasabī and Nisfi ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dormowo ( dɔrˈmɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Simeria ( Romanian pronunciation : ( siˈmeri.a ) ; German : Fischdorf ; Hungarian : Piski ) is a town in Hunedoara County , and an important railway junction with hump yard .
The Chli Windgällen ( 2,986 m ) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps , overlooking the valley of the Reuss in the canton of Uri .
The Columbia County Jail is a historic structure at Calhoun and Jefferson Streets in Magnolia , Arkansas .
New Deer ( Scottish Gaelic : Achadh Reite ) is a settlement in Aberdeenshire , North East Scotland that lies in the valley of Deer .
Payne Field is a former World War I military airfield , located 4.3 miles ( 6.9 km ) north - northeast of West Point , Mississippi .
Pawona Witu is an archeological site near Bishop in Inyo County , California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 .
Arleston is a hamlet in the South Derbyshire district of Derbyshire , England , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of the centre of Derby .
D. S. Tavern , also known as the 1740 House , is a historic tavern located at Ivy , Albemarle County , Virginia .
Łuszcze ( ˈwuʂt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Rogha ( Persian : رغا‎ , also Romanized as Roghā ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Helford Passage ( Cornish : Treth Heyl , meaning ferry to Helford ) is a village in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Ottawa Hunt and Golf Club , often referred to as Ottawa Hunt or the Hunt Club , is a private golf and curling club located in Ottawa , Ontario .
Krabčice ( German Krabschitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Suavanao Airport is an airport on Santa Isabel Island in the Solomon Islands ( IATA : VAO , ICAO : AGGV ) .
CHET - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a community / campus radio format at 94.5 FM in Chetwynd , British Columbia .
Susitna Glacier is an alpine or valley glacier in the Alaska Range .
Shurjeh - ye Turaghay ( Persian : شورجه طوراغاي‎ , also Romanized as Shūrjeh - ye Ţūrāghāy and Shūrjeh - ye Ţūrāghā'ī ) is a village in Leylan - e Shomali Rural District , Leylan District , Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Hickory Ridge Landfill is a municipal solid waste landfill located in Conley , Georgia , United States and privately owned by Republic Services .
WELY ( 1450 AM and 94.5 FM ) are radio stations based in the small town of Ely , Minnesota .
Afradeh ( Persian : افراده‎ , also Romanized as Afrādeh ) is a village in Mianrud Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Zimnik ( ˈʑimnik ) ( German : Kalthaus ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pacquet ( `` hideaway '' in French ) is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Bend Senior High School is the oldest high school located in Bend , Oregon , United States .
WCNR is an Adult Album Alternative and Alternative Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Keswick , Virginia , serving Charlottesville , Albemarle and Western Fluvanna counties in Virginia .
Glen Tonche is an American estate atop Mount Tonche , in Ulster County , near Shokan , New York .
Turlock Lake State Recreation Area is located 25 miles east of Modesto , California in Stanislaus County , California .
Ngardmau is one of Palau 's sixteen states and is located on the west side of Babeldaob between the states of Ngaraard and Ngeremlengui .
The Cornelius Low House ( also called Ivy Hall ) is a Georgian manor in Piscataway , Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States , built in 1741 at Raritan Landing .
Kardinia Park is a major public park located in South Geelong , Victoria .
De Steeg is a Dutch town within the municipality of Rheden .
Laurel Park Place is an enclosed upscale shopping mall located in the city of Livonia , a suburb of Detroit , Michigan , United States .
Lotfaliabad ( Persian : لطفعلي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Loţf``alīābād ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 48 , in 14 families .
Pindari Dam is a minor concrete faced rockfill embankment dam with an ungated uncontrolled rock cut with concrete sill spillway across the Severn River located upstream of the town of Ashford , in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales , Australia .
Khvoresh Bar ( Persian : خورش بر‎ ; also known as Khūresh and Kūresh Bar ) is a village in Bayg Rural District , Bayg District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Pavilhão Nossa Senhora do Monte or N. Sra do Monte ( in English : Our Lady of the Hill ) is an Angolan indoor sporting arena located in Lubango , Huíla .
Talmine ( Arabic : ﻃﺎﻟﻤﻴﻦ‎ ) is a town and commune in Charouine District , Adrar Province , in south - central Algeria .
The Beethoven House ( German : Beethoven - Haus ) in Bonn , Germany , is a memorial site , museum and cultural institution serving various purposes .
Jełmuń ( ˈjɛu̯muɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Lanphere Dunes , a unit of the Humboldt Bay National Wildlife Refuge Complex , is located in Humboldt County , California .
Blindheim ( in English also known as Blenheim ) is a municipality in the Bavarian district of Dillingen in southern Germany , consisting of several villages .
Czapiewice ( t͡ʂapjɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The William J. Bryce House , known as Fairview , is located on 4900 Bryce Avenue in Fort Worth , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Chatra district ( Hindi : चतरा जिला ) is one of the twenty - four districts of Jharkhand state , India , and Chatra is the administrative headquarters of this district .
The Somerville Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Somerville , in Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
Shalmash ( Persian : شلماش‎ , also Romanized as Shalmāsh ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ardonald is a rural area near Cairnie in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
West Settlement Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on West Settlement Road at the junction with Cleveland Road in Ashland , Greene County , New York .
U.S. Route 395 Alternate ( US 395 Alt ) is an alternate route of U.S. Route 395 ( US 395 ) in Washoe County , Nevada .
Majdany - Leśniczówka ( mai̯ˈdanɨ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Moraine View State Recreation Area is a state park operated by the Department of Natural Resources ( DNR ) of the U.S. state of Illinois .
The Agat Invasion Beach is a historic site in the village of Agat , Guam .
Wrixum ( Fering : Wraksem ) is a municipality on the island of Föhr , in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Wickenburg Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : E25 ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of the central business district of Wickenburg , in Maricopa County , Arizona , United States .
Niemieńsko ( ɲɛˈmjɛɲskɔ ) ( German : Nemischhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Komoq ( Persian : كمق‎ , also Romanized as Kamaq ; also known as Kūmak ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Jonubi Rural District , Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Khezerchupan ( Persian : خضرچوپان‎ , also Romanized as Khez̤erchūpān ) is a village in Oryad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Point Au View is one of the best examples of Italian villa architecture in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
Wiercica ( vjɛrˈt͡ɕit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyrów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Paljor Stadium , also known as Palzor Stadium is an association football stadium located in Gangtok , Sikkim , India .
Vaisigano is a political district at the western tip of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Seeley Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located south of the confluence of the Skeena and Bulkley Rivers at Hazelton , and to the south of that settlement .
Sheriff Hutton is a village and civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England .
Evergreen Museum & Library , also known as Evergreen House , is a historical museum of the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , Maryland , USA .
Cézembre is an island in Brittany , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département of France , near Saint - Malo .
Bad Soden ( also : Bad Soden am Taunus ) is a town and spa in the Main - Taunus - Kreis , Hesse , Germany .
Narg - e Musa ( Persian : نارگ موسي‎ , also Romanized as Nārg - e Mūsá ; also known as Nārak Mūsá , Nārj - e Mūsá , and Nārj Mūsā ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Battle Branch Mine , sometimes referred to as the Battle Creek Mine , was located near the town of Auraria in Lumpkin County , Georgia .
Nottoway Correctional Center is an all - male state prison in Burkeville , Nottoway County , Virginia , USA .
Ruifang District ( Chinese : 瑞芳區 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Ruìfāng Qū ; Tongyong Pinyin : Rueìfang Cyu ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Sūi - hong - khu ) is a suburban district in eastern New Taipei City , Taiwan .
Alonzo Herndon Stadium , named for Alonzo Herndon , is a 15,011-seat stadium on the campus of Morris Brown College in Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
Kanley Track is a track and field complex located in Kalamazoo , Michigan .
The Cabin Lake Guard Station is a Forest Service compound consisting of six simple rustic buildings located in the Deschutes National Forest in central Oregon .
Meshkan District ( Persian : بخش مشکان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Siedleszczany ( ɕɛdlɛʂˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski , within Tarnobrzeg County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Clay 's Hope is a historic home in Bellevue , Talbot County , Maryland , United States .
Nasutów ( naˈsutuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Lopez Island Airport ( FAA LID : S31 ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Lopez , a village on Lopez Island in San Juan County , Washington , United States .
The Dolaucothi Gold Mines ( grid reference SN662403 ) , also known as the Ogofau Gold Mine , are Roman surface and underground mines located in the valley of the River Cothi , near Pumsaint , Carmarthenshire , Wales .
Fort Pickett , is a Virginia Army National Guard installation , located near the town of Blackstone , Virginia .
The Biggs Site ( 15Gp8 ) , also known as the Portsmouth Earthworks Group C , is an Adena culture archaeological site located near South Shore in Greenup County , Kentucky .
Templemore ( Irish : An Teampall Mór , meaning `` The Big Church '' ) is a town in County Tipperary , Ireland .
The John and Sarah Sheffield House , also known as Paradise Springs Farm , in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon , is a two - story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Boneh - ye Ajam ( Persian : بنه عجم‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye `` Ajam ; also known as Bon `` Ajam ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 131 , in 26 families .
The Arboretum Main - Taunus ( 76 hectares ) is an arboretum located on Am Weissen Stein , just southwest of Eschborn , Hesse , Germany .
Ostróda County ( Polish : powiat ostródzki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , northern Poland .
The Milingimbi Islands Important Bird Area comprises 94 km2 of land in the Milingimbi , or Crocodile Islands group , of the Northern Territory of Australia .
Arizabad ( Persian : عريزاباد‎ , also Romanized as ʿArīzābād ; also known as `` Azīzābād ) is a village in Vahdat Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 263 , in 61 families .
Eastport Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KEPM , FAA LID : EPM ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) west of the central business district of Eastport , a city in Washington County , Maine , United States .
Sheridan State Scenic Corridor is a state park in the Columbia River Gorge , west of Cascade Locks , Oregon .
Sehchi ( Persian : سه چي‎ , also Romanized as Sehchī ; also known as Sī Chī and Sūchī ) is a village in Qaleh Biyaban Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Lake County Courthouse and Sheriff 's Residence , located at 601 3rd Avenue in Two Harbors , Lake County in the U.S. state of Minnesota was built in 1906 .
Armour High School is the only high school in Armour , South Dakota .
Fo Tan Nullah ( Chinese : 火炭渠 ) is one of the nullahs of Shing Mun River in Fo Tan , Hong Kong .
Strzeszowice ( stʂɛʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( formerly German Tzschacksdorf , Schacksdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel , within Żary County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
San Mateo Río Hondo is the name of a town and municipality in the state of Oaxaca , Mexico .
Chwalibogowice ( xfalibɔɡɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Pingry School is a coeducational , independent , college preparatory country day school in New Jersey , with a Lower School ( K-5 ) campus in the Short Hills neighborhood of Millburn , and a Middle and Upper School campus in the Basking Ridge section of Bernards Township .
Wola Potocka ( ˈvɔla pɔˈtɔt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Big Basin Prairie Preserve is a 1,818 acres ( 7.36 km2 ; 2.84 sq mi ) nature preserve owned and managed by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks .
Razan County ( Persian : شهرستان رزن‎ ) is a county in Hamadan Province in Iran .
The Harmonie Centre , also known as the Breitmeyer - Tobin Building , is an eight - story commercial building located at 1308 Broadway Street ( at the corner of Broadway and Gratiot ) in Downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Korovin Volcano is the highest point on Atka Island in the Aleutian Islands chain Alaska , United States .
Lui Seng Chun ( Chinese : 雷生春 ) is a Grade I Historic Building located at 119 Lai Chi Kok Road , in Mong Kok , Hong Kong , at the junction with Tong Mi Road .
St Peter le Poer was a church on the west side of Broad Street in the City of London .
Farm to Market Road 1517 ( FM 1517 ) was a farm - to - market road in Bexar County , Texas , running along Eckhert Road from 1949 to 2014 .
The Aberdeen Pavilion ( Pavillon Aberdeen in French ) is an exhibition hall in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The Timothy M. Younglove Octagon House built in 1859 is an historic octagonal house located at 8329 Pleasant Valley Road in the town of Urbana near Hammondsport , New York .
Chavan - e Olya ( Persian : چوان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Chavān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 995 , in 194 families .
Centre County Christian Academy ( CCCA ) is a private , independent , nondenominational Christian school located in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania .
Rutki - Borki ( ˈrutki ˈbɔrki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Badinabad - e Mangur ( Persian : بادين ابادمنگور‎ , also Romanized as Bādīnābād - e Mangūr ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bidford - on - Avon is a large village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire .
Carabobo State ( Spanish : Estado Carabobo , IPA : ( esˈtaðo kaɾaˈβoβo ) ) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela , located in the north of the country , about two hours by car from Caracas .
The Old Dutch Church of Sleepy Hollow , listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Dutch Reformed Church ( Sleepy Hollow ) , is a 17th - century stone church located on Albany Post Road ( U.S. Route 9 ) in Sleepy Hollow , New York , United States .
The Stonewall Jackson 's Headquarters Museum is a historic house located at 415 North Braddock Street in the Historic District of Winchester , Virginia .
Ponsongath is a hamlet west of Coverack in west Cornwall , England .
Veterans Field is a baseball venue in Laredo , Texas .
Peachtree Street is one of several major streets running through the city of Atlanta .
Wo Yang Shan ( Chinese : 禾秧山 ) , located in the New Territories , is the fifth highest peak in Hong Kong .
The Walls of Jerusalem National Park is a national park located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania , Australia .
Siedlanów ( ɕedˈlanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Swedish Heritage Center is a museum of Swedish memorabilia located at 301 N. Charde in Oakland , Nebraska .
Camp Bullis Military Training Reservation is a U.S. Army training camp comprising 27,990 acres ( 113.3 km2 ) in Bexar County , Texas , USA , just northwest of San Antonio .
Porterville Municipal Airport ( IATA : PTV , ICAO : KPTV , FAA LID : PTV ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Porterville , a city in Tulare County , California , United States .
Upper Duval is a neighborhood within the City of Key West , Florida in Monroe County , United States .
Cunevo ( German : Kuen , Ladin : Cunéo or Cunéu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of Trento .
Brodick Castle is a castle situated outside the port of Brodick on the Isle of Arran , an island in the Firth of Clyde , Scotland .
Shahid Hashemi Nizhad ( Persian : شهيدهاشمي نژاد‎ , also Romanized as Shahīd Hāshemī Nizhād ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pacific Northern Academy ( PNA ) is a private , independent school located in Anchorage , Alaska .
Frasunek ( fraˈsunɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Shahrak - e Bardbaran ( Persian : شهرك بردبران‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Bardbarān ) is a village in Margha Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lombard Street Bridge is a historic truss bridge located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
The Bridgewater - Raritan Regional School District is a regional public school district serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the municipalities of Bridgewater Township and Raritan Borough in Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
Six Rivers National Forest is a U.S. National Forest located in the northwestern corner of California .
Tang - e Tarbuyeh ( Persian : تنگ تربوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Tarbūyeh ) is a village in Fin Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Medisch Spectrum Twente ( MST ) is the hospital of the city of Enschede .
Ankhiya is a village from Guda Malani tehsil of Barmer district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Wabowden is a community in northern Manitoba .
Podlesie Wysokie ( pɔdˈlɛɕɛ vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Walnut Woods State Park is a state park of Iowa , US , located in suburban West Des Moines .
Pirbaneh ( Persian : پيربنه‎ , also Romanized as Pīrbaneh and Pir - e Boneh ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lalkeh Poshteh ( Persian : للكه پشته‎ ; also known as Lalkeh Posht ) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Aboño is a river in northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Community of Asturias .
Bradville is a housing development in the civil parish of Stantonbury within Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire , England .
The Chancellor James P. Carroll House , located in Aiken , South Carolina , was built by James Parsons Carroll , Chancellor of South Carolina .
The West Lebanon - Pike Township Public Library in West Lebanon , Indiana , United States , is a Carnegie library serving southwestern Warren County .
Pochuta is surrounded by Chimaltenango Department municipalities except on the west , where it borders San Lucas Tolimán , a Sololá Department municipality :
Peterview is a town located in the Exploits Valley area of central Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada , where Peters River empties into the Bay of Exploits , just south of Botwood , off Route 350 .
Tennena Cone is a subglacial mound in northern British Columbia , Canada , located just southwest of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park .
Gabrielse Cone is a remarkably fresh , clearly postglacial monogenetic cinder cone , located in the Tuya Volcanic Field in British Columbia , Canada .
The Clary 's Mountain Historic District comprises 8 acres ( 3.2 ha ) on either side of Hammond 's Mill Road east of Hedgesville , West Virginia .
Sant Sadurní d'Anoia is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Penedès in Catalonia , Spain ; and the centre of production of a sparkling wine known as cava .
Lengyel ( literally : `` Pole '' , German : Lendl ) is the highest inhabited village in Tolna County , Hungary .
Kanjirappally is a taluk and a town in Kottayam district situated about 38 kilometres away from the district capital , in the state of Kerala , India .
Chludowo ( xluˈdɔvɔ ) ( German : Truppenfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Las , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Duluth Depot is a historic train station in Duluth , Minnesota , United States .
Safiabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان صفي آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Bam and Safiabad District , Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Glenapp Castle , formerly the family seat of the Earl of Inchcape , is now a luxury hotel and restaurant located in Ballantrae , South Ayrshire , Scotland .
KDGE ( branded as 102.1 The Edge ) is a Fort Worth - Dallas , Texas , based radio station operating on FM frequency 102.1 .
Poverty Valley Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CPV9 ) , is a small aerodrome located near Poverty Valley , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Aiken 's Wash is an archaeologically and geologically significant wash located in the Mojave National Preserve in San Bernardino County , California .
Moreruela Abbey is situated to the west of Granja de Moreruela , about 35 kilometres north of the town of Zamora close to the left bank of the Esla , a tributary of the Duero .
KWRD - FM is a Christian radio station with studios located in Irving , Texas , United States .
The Danny Woo International District Community Garden is a community garden on the outskirts of the International District , Seattle , Washington .
Drochów Dolny ( ˈdrɔxuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kosieczyn ( kɔˈɕet͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Kuschten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Podenzana is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Massa and Carrara in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northwest of Florence and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northwest of Massa .
Bharri is a village situated in the northeastern Bihar district of Katihar .
Churwell is a small village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough , West Yorkshire , England , between Leeds city centre and Morley .
Bachanlu ( Persian : بچنلو‎ , also Romanized as Bachanlū ) is a village in Solduz Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Shur Kal ( Persian : شوركال‎ , also Romanized as Shūr Kāl ; also known as Kāl Shūr Şedāqat ) is a village in Takab Rural District , in the Central District of Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
WHFW is a Catholic Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Winchester , Virginia , serving City of Winchester , along with Eastern Frederick County and Western Clarke County in Virginia .
Pamięcice ( pamjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pałecznica , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Chwalimka ( xfaˈlʲimka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Khimki ( Russian : Химки ; IPA : ( ˈxʲimkʲɪ ) ) is a city in Moscow Oblast , Russia , situated just northwest of Moscow , at the west bank of the Moscow Canal .
Rębiska ( rɛmˈbiska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Renaud Ripart ( born 14 March 1993 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Ligue 2 side Nîmes Olympique .
Darko Jevtić ( born 8 February 1993 ) is a Swiss professional footballer who is currently playing for Lech Poznań in the Polish Ekstraklasa .
Victor Nyirenda ( born 23 August 1988 in Blantyre ) is a Malawian footballer , who currently plays for Berjaya Dong Nai F.C.
Ilya Kaznadey ( born June 22 , 1989 ) is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HK Neman Grodno of the ( BXL ) .
Vlastimir Jovanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Властимир Јовановић ; born 3 April 1985 in Doboj ) is a Bosnian football defensive midfielder who plays for Korona Kielce and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Lamin Conteh ( born 20 June 1976 in Freetown ) , widely known by his nickname Junior Tumbu , is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Perlis FA .
Raed Fares ( Arabic : رائد فارس‎ ; born December 6 , 1982 in Gaza , Palestine ) is a Palestinian professional football ( soccer ) player currently playing for Jerusalem side Hilal Al - Quds of the West Bank Premier League .
Tory Epps ( May 28 , 1967 -- June 1 , 2005 ) was an American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons , the Chicago Bears , and the New Orleans Saints .
Zeferino Martins , also known as Ze Martins ( born September 5 , 1985 ) is an East Timorese footballer who plays as midfielder for Ad . Dili Oeste and the Timor - Leste national team .
Leonardo Hermes Lau or simply Lê ( born December 18 , 1984 in Santa Cruz do Sul ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder , he is currently playing for Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo .
Woody Gibson ( born 5 March 1993 in Providenciales ) is a Turks and Caicos Islander footballer who plays for AFC Academy and the Turks and Caicos Islands national team .
Will Sherman ( October 20 , 1927 -- October 11 , 1997 ) was an American football defensive back who played with the National Football League 's Los Angeles Rams from 1954 to 1960 .
Velimir Stojnić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велимир Стојнић ; born 29 October 1962 ) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player , currently managing FK Kozara Gradiška in the First League of the Republika Srpska .
Eric Beverly ( born March 28 , 1974 in Cleveland , Ohio ) was an American football tight end who played for the Detroit Lions and the Atlanta Falcons in the National Football League .
Wilburn Glynn Griffing ( born December 1 , 1940 in Bentonia , Mississippi ) is a former American football quarterback who played one season for the New York Giants in the National Football League .
Vasil Ruci ( born 17 February 1958 in Vlorë ) is an Albanian former football player and coach who spent his entire career with Flamurtari Vlorë between 1976 and 1993 .
Jeong Da - woon ( born October 23 , 1984 ; Hangul : 정다운 ) is a South Korean football player who plays as a forward for Yesan FC in the National League in South Korea .
Dale Hatcher ( born April 5 , 1963 ) is a former American football punter for the Los Angeles Rams and the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Curtis Dublanko ( born February 12 , 1988 ) is a professional Canadian football linebacker who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Karim El Ahmadi Aroussi ( Arabic : كريم الأحمدي ; born 27 January 1985 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Feyenoord in the Eredivisie and the Morocco national team .
Daniel Kolář ( born 27 October 1985 ) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for Czech club FC Viktoria Plzeň and the Czech Republic national team as an attacking midfielder .
Tony Case ( born July 10 , 1982 in Jacksonville , NC ) is an American football long snapper formerly for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
Tuomas Tarkki ( born February 28 , 1980 in Rauma , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender , currently playing for HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk of the Kontinental Hockey League .
On 30 June 2014 Fredrik Semb Berge made a transfer for an undisclosed fee from the Norwegian side Odds BK and signed a four - year - contract with the Danish giants Brøndby IF which ties him to the club until the summer 2018 .
Zheng Bin ( simplified Chinese : 郑斌 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭斌 ; pinyin : Zhèng Bīn ; born July 4 , 1977 ) is a Chinese assistant football coach who is currently with Wuhan Zall F.C. as well as also being a former international player .
Cole Liniak ( August 23 , 1976 in Encinitas , California ) is a retired Major League Baseball player who played infielder from 1999 - 2000 for the Chicago Cubs .
Saša Blagojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Благојевић ; born 1 February 1989 in Smederevo ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for FK Slovan Duslo Šaľa .
Isabelle Linden began her junior career at VfR Fischenich and SC Fortuna Köln before joining the senior team of SC Fortuna Köln .
Joey Sides ( born March 4 , 1986 ) is an American professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Wichita Thunder of the ECHL .
Danny Koevermans ( born 1 November 1978 in Schiedam ) is a Dutch former footballer who currently works as a coach for Sparta Rotterdam .
Joakim Olausson ( born 14 April 1995 ) is a Swedish footballer who last played as a midfielder for Swedish Superettan club Örgryte IS .
Graham Gano ( born April 9 , 1987 ) is a Scottish American football placekicker for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Valdan Nimani ( born 5 March 1987 in Shkodër ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as an offensive midfielder for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga .
Goran Antunovič ( Serbian : Горан Антуновић ; born 2 March 1989 in Novi Sad ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for KFC Komárno .
Cyril Stacul ( born 12 October 1984 ) is a French professional rugby league footballer for Catalans Dragons of Super League .
Bill Becher ( born in Wheeling , West Virginia ) is a former American soccer player and the current head coach of the Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL Professional League .
Mario Pérez Zúñiga ( born 17 June 1982 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican footballer playing for Club Necaxa in Ascenso MX .
Sadio Sankharé ( born 9 July 1981 in Paris , France ) is a French football defender who played a total of 35 matches in Ligue 2 for Grenoble Foot 38 and Nîmes Olympique .
Javier Añez Rivas ( born 21 February 1996 ) is a Bolivian footballer who plays as a Defender for Enrique Happ .
Darryl Edestrand ( born November 6 , 1945 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 455 games in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the St. Louis Blues , Philadelphia Flyers , Pittsburgh Penguins , Boston Bruins , and Los Angeles Kings .
Huỳnh Tấn Tài ( born 17 August 1994 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Midfielder for V - League club Đồng Tâm Long An F.C.
Josep Samitier Vilalta ( 2 February 1902 -- 4 May 1972 ) , also known as José Samitier , was a Spanish footballer , manager and scout who played for FC Barcelona , Madrid CF , OGC Nice , the Catalan XI and Spain .
Malcolm Joseph ( born 10 October 1993 ) is an international footballer from Dominica , who plays as a Defender for the Dominica national football team .
Shuto Nakahara ( 中原 秀人 , born October 29 , 1990 ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Avispa Fukuoka .
Dadang Sudrajat is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Persib Bandung as a goalkeeper .
Heri Saputra ( born on August 28 , 1989 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Pusamania Borneo F.C ..
Frank Adu Kwame ( born May 16 , 1985 ) is a Ghanaian footballer , who is currently playing for Podbeskidzie Bielsko - Biała in the Ekstraklasa , on loan from LZS Piotrówka .
Luke Dorn ( born 2 July 1982 in Maitland , New South Wales ) is an Australian rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Castleford Tigers club in the Super League .
Timothy Thomas Ryan ( born September 2 , 1968 ) is a former American football offensive lineman who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the National Football League .
Hayden Smith ( born April 10 , 1985 ) is a professional rugby union player for Saracens FC in England , and also plays for the United States national rugby union team .
Milutin Aleksić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милутин Алексић , born April 28 , 1982 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for AS Monaco Basket .
Fábio Alexandre Martins Sapateiro ( born 18 August 1990 in Arrentela , Portugal ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Clube de Futebol Esperança de Lagos , as a goalkeeper .
Damien Reid is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at representative level for Scotland , and at club level for Gateshead Thunder , Barrow Raiders , Castleford Tigers , Widnes Vikings , Sheffield Eagles , and Rochdale Hornets , as a Centre .
Yevhen Nemtinov ( Ukrainian : Євген Сергійович Немтінов ; born 3 October 1995 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently playing plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv .
Ahmed Khalifa ( born March 23 , 1985 ) is an Egyptian football player who plays as a Midfielder for the Egyptian team El - Olympi .
Farouk Chafaï ( born June 23 , 1990 in Algiers ) is an Algerian professional footballer who is currently playing for USM Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Gary Spani ( born January 9 , 1956 ) is a former NFL linebacker who played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 1978 - -1986 .
Nikola Leković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Лековић ; born 19 December 1989 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Lechia Gdańsk .
Jesper Mikkelsen ( born 26 July 1980 ) is a former Danish footballer who plays as a left back for Danish Superliga side Silkeborg IF .
Matt Snell ( born August 18 , 1941 ) is a retired professional football player who played for the New York Jets .
Diogo Filipe Costa Rocha ( born 3 May 1995 ) , known as Rochinha , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Belgian club Standard Liège .
Néstor Albiach Roger ( born 18 August 1992 ) , simply known as Néstor , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Czech club FK Dukla Prague as a forward .
Jiří Hudler ( /ˈjɪriː ˈhʌdlər/ ; Czech : ( ˈjɪr̝iː ˈɦudlɛr ) ; born January 4 , 1984 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player and alternate captain for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Fabjan Tomić ( born 15 June 1995 ) is a Croatian football goalkeeper , currently playing for NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac in the Druga HNL on loan from Hajduk Split .
Jóhann Laxdal ( born 27 January 1990 ) is an Icelandic football player , currently playing for Icelandic football club Stjarnan .
Theo Valls ( born 18 December 1995 ) is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Nîmes Olympique as a midfielder .
Juan Ramón Gómez - Pimpollo López ( born 18 January 1995 ) , commonly known as Juanra , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Atlético Astorga FC on loan from Albacete Balompié as a right back .
Leigh Cowlishaw ( born 16 December 1970 in Burton upon Trent ) is a former English footballer and current manager for Richmond Kickers in the USL Professional Division .
Guillermo Beltrán ( born June 25 , 1984 in San Juan Bautista , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan footballer who is currently playing for Vitória , on loan from Cerro Porteño .
Altay Kahraman ( born 28 July 1989 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who previously played as midfielder for FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League .
Roman Yaremchuk ( Ukrainian : Роман Олегович Яремчук ; born 27 November 1995 in Lviv , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv in the Ukrainian First League .
Melvin Erskine Thomason ( born August 13 , 1948 ) was a professional baseball player whose career spanned seven seasons , one of which was spent with the Major League Baseball ( MLB ) Philadelphia Phillies .
Andrey Almeida ( born 10 April 1988 in Londrina ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Sport Huancayo of the Torneo Descentralizado in Peru .
Aristote Lusinga ( born 20 February 1990 in Nantes ) is a French - Angolan footballer who plays for French club Vendée Poiré - sur - Vie Football in the Championnat National .
Derek Ross ( born January 5 , 1980 , in Rock Hill , South Carolina ) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys , Atlanta Falcons , and the Minnesota Vikings .
Mike Mulvey ( born in Manchester ) is an English football manager whose currently the head coach of Malaysia Super League club Terengganu FA .
Germán Sáenz de Miera Colmeiro ( born 25 July 1990 ) , known simply as Germán , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Murcia as a midfielder .
Günter Hirschmann ( born 8 December 1935 ) is a former German football player who spent almost his entire senior career at 1 . FC Magdeburg and its predecessors .
Gabriel Macuvele , commonly known as Gabito ( born 4 February 1981 ) , is a Mozambican footballer who plays for Moçambola side C.D. Maxaquene and the Mozambican national football team as a defender .
Ogunboye Iyanu Ezekiel ( born on June 26 , 1992 in Lagos ) is a Nigerian footballer ( Striker ) currently playing for Kuala Lumpur FA in Malaysia Premier League .
Jhonder Leonel Cádiz Fernández ( born 29 July 1995 ) , simply known as Jhonder Cádiz , is a Venezuelan footballer who plays for Portuguese side C.F. União on loan from Caracas .
Sergei Sergeyevich Yegorov ( Russian : Серге́й Серге́евич Егоров ; born August 5 , 1975 ) is a Russian professional football coach currently managing FC Zelenograd in the Russian Second Division .
Martin Regáli ( born 12 October 1993 ) , is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for MFK Zemplín Michalovce as a forward .
Aleksandr Gennadyevich Alekseyev ( Russian : Александр Геннадьевич Алексеев ; born August 23 , 1989 ) is a Russian football forward , who currently playing for FC Pskov-747 Pskov .
Raúl Moreno Artalejo ( born 21 November 1979 in Madrid ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Mérida AD as a goalkeeper .
Xavier Mous ( born 4 August 1995 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays in the Dutch Eerste Divisie as a goalkeeper for FC Oss , on loan from Ajax , in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Mark O'Meley ( born 22 May 1981 in West Wyalong , New South Wales ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for Hull F.C. of Super League .
Amir Ružnić ( born 30 October 1972 ) is a Slovene sports agent and former football player , who played as a midfielder and was capped once for the Slovenia national football team .
Mateusz Lewandowski ( born 18 March 1993 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Polish Ekstraklasa side Pogoń Szczecin .
Byron Wesley , Jr. ( born December 26 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA Development League .
Timor Avitan ( Hebrew : תימור אביטן‎ ; born 27 November 1991 ) is an Israeli professional association football player who plays for F.C. Ashdod .
Salim Moizini ( born 17 October 1985 in Marseille ) is a French professional footballer of Comorian descent , who plays for CA Bastia in the Ligue 2 .
Nick Ries ( born 14 July 1982 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played as a midfielder for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ruey Young Bussey ( October 4 , 1917-January 7 , 1945 ) was a professional American football quarterback for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League .
Shkodran Maholli ( born 10 April 1993 ) is a Swedish footballer of Kosovar Albanian descent who plays for Åtvidabergs FF as a striker .
Niels Lodberg ( born October 14 , 1980 ) is a former Danish professional football player in the centre back position , who played at AC Horsens for the most of his career .
Andrea Pisani ( born 15 September 1987 in Castelfranco Veneto ) is a professional footballer , who currently plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione side , Calcio Portogruaro Summaga , in co - ownership with Serie A giants Juventus .
Pantelis Hatzidiakos ( Greek : Παντελής Χατζηδιάκος ) ( born 18 Januari 1997 ) is a Greece - Dutch footballer who plays as a Centre Back for AZ Alkmaar .
Steve Mautone ( born 10 August 1970 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) coach with Melbourne Victory in the A - League .
Gaspar Panadero Zamora , simply known as Gaspar ( born 9 December 1997 ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Almería B as a left winger .
Sebastian Mielitz ( born 18 July 1989 , in Zehdenick ) is a German Goalkeeper who currently plays for SpVgg Greuther Fürth .
Kao Hao - chieh ( Chinese : 高豪傑 , born July 24 , 1980 ) is a Taiwanese football player who currently plays for Tatung F.C. as a defender .
Sturla Ásgeirsson ( born July 20 , 1980 ) is an Icelandic handball player who currently plays for HSG Düsseldorf in Germany .
Bryan Schmidt ( born July 27 , 1981 ) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Nottingham Panthers of the EIHL .
Csaba Regedei ( born 16 January 1983 ) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays as a defender with Hungarian second division team Gyirmót SE .
Ilija Pantelić ( 2 August 1942 -- 17 November 2014 ) was a Serbian football goalkeeper who played at Euro 1968 for SFR Yugoslavia , and in France for Olympique de Marseille , SEC Bastia and Paris SG .
Wes Hamilton ( born April 24 , 1953 in Texas City , Texas ) is a former American football offensive lineman who was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the 3rd round in the 1976 NFL Draft .
Melisa Hasanbegović ( born 13 April 1995 ) is a Bosnian football defender who plays SFK 2000 .
June Mar Fajardo ( born November 17 , 1989 ) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays center for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association .
Maximilian Philipp ( born 1 March 1994 ) is a German footballer who plays as an midfielder for SC Freiburg in the Bundesliga .
Christian Brüls ( born 30 September 1988 in Malmedy , Province of Liège ) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Belgian club Standard Liège , on loan from French club Stade Rennais FC .
Antouman Jallow ( born 11 June 1981 in Uppsala ) is a Swedish soccer player of Gambian heritage who currently plays for Sandvikens IF in the Swedish Division 2 .
Mayckol Guaipe ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmaikol ˈɡwaipe ) ; born August 11 , 1990 ) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Wolfgang Rolff played in 356 Bundesliga matches ( 47 goals ) for Hamburger SV , Bayer 04 Leverkusen , Bayer 05 Uerdingen , Karlsruher SC and 1 .
Pavol Šafranko ( born 16 November 1994 ) is a Slovak football forwward who currently plays for FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová , on loan from the Slovak 2 .
René Pitter ( born 8 July 1989 ) is an Austrian former professional association football player who spent his entire playing career at Kapfenberger SV .
Vladimir Boljević ( born 17 January 1988 in Titograd ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for AEK Larnaca F.C. in the Cypriot first division .
Tyler Hemming ( born May 9 , 1985 in London , Ontario ) is a Canadian soccer player currently playing for Forest City London in the USL Premier Development League .
Pedro Villarreal ( born December 9 , 1987 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher in Cincinnati Reds organization .
Marcin Cabaj ( born May 13 , 1980 in Kraków ) is a Polish footballer ( goalkeeper ) who currently plays for Sandecja Nowy Sącz .
Tomasz Cebula ( born 31 March 1966 in Brzeziny ) is a retired Polish professional footballer who played for Legia Warsaw and ŁKS Łódź in the Polish Ekstraklasa .
Giancarlo Danova ( 18 November 1938 -- 15 June 2014 ) was an Italian football forward who played for A.C. Milan , Torino F.C. , Catania Calcio , Atalanta B.C. , Fiorentina F.C. and Mantova Calcio .
Adrian Taylor is an American football Defensive Tackle with the Seattle Seahawks .
Oswind Suriya Rosayro ( Sinhalese : ඔස්වින්ඩ් සුරිය රෝසය්රෝ ) is a Singaporean footballer of Sri Lankan Burgher descent who plays for Woodlands Wellington FC , primarily in the Prime League as a midfielder .
Gavin Christie ( born 6 August 1981 ) is a Bahamian international soccer player , who plays as a defender for Cavalier FC and the Bahamas national team
Gordon Kinsaini ( born July 26 , 1981 ) is a Surinamese footballer playing as a Midfielder for SV Leo Victor in the Hoofdklasse .
Bill Ceretti ( March 10 , 1912 -- May 5 , 1974 ) , was an offensive and defensive lineman who played thirteen seasons for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers franchise .
Ihor Perduta ( Ukrainian : Ігор Романович Пердута ; born November 15 , 1990 in Terebovlya , Ternopil Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian midfielder who plays for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Seiloni Iaruel ( born 17 April 1995 ) is a Vanuatuan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Tafea F.C. and the Vanuatu national football team .
James Wynne ( born 16 September 1976 in Gunnedah , New South Wales ) is an Australian professional rugby league player who formerly played for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League competition .
Eric Opoku - Agyemang ( born November 11 , 1991 in Kumasi ) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Ghana Premier League side Ashanti Gold SC .
Charlie Huber , also known as George Huber , ( born 13 May 1988 ) is a New Zealand ice hockey player currently playing for the Adelaide Adrenaline in the Australian Ice Hockey League .
Edward Shane Lechler ( /ˈlɛklər/ ; born August 7 , 1976 ) is an American football punter for the Houston Texans of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Jean - Emmanuel Effa Owona ( born 26 December 1983 in Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian footballer who lastly played as a striker for Negeri Sembilan FA in the Malaysia Premier League .
Jessy Bénet ( born 24 January 1995 ) is a French footballer who currently plays in Ligue 2 for Dijon FCO .
Hanc Llagami(born 1 June 1995 in Tirana ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
András Herczeg ( born 11 July 1956 ) is a Hungarian football manager and former player , who is currently the Technical Director of Debreceni VSC .
Aaron Clayworth ( born 21 March 1985 ) is an Australian semi - professional ice hockey player currently in the interim role of assistant coach for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League .
Bill Lobenstein ( born William Joseph Lobenstein on May 11 , 1961 ) was a player in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos in 1987 as a defensive end .
Dejan Vukićević ( Cyrillic : Дејан Вукићевић , born 27 April 1968 ) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player who played as a midfielder for Budućnost Podgorica , Mogren , Pezoporikos Larnaca , Partizan Belgrade , Sevilla and Recreativo Huelva .
Peter Hricko ( born 25 July 1981 in Slovakia ) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays from Slovak Fourth League club TJ OFC Gabčíkovo .
Marco Reus ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmaɐ̯koː ˈʁɔʏ̯s ) ; born 31 May 1989 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder , winger or striker for German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team .
Cleven Wanabo ( born October 7 , 1976 ) is a Surinamese footballer playing as a Forward for Inter Moengotapoe in the Hoofdklasse .
Michal Dzubina is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender in Slovakia with MHC Martin of the Slovak Extraliga .
Victor Gonța ( born 21 September 1988 ) is a Moldovan football player who currently is playing for Malkiya Club in Bahraini Premier League .
Pascal Fils ( born July 29 , 1984 ) is a former professional Canadian football running back who played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Daniel Arnefjord ( born 21 March 1979 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish footballer who last played for Aalesunds FK in the Norwegian Tippeligaen as centre Back .
Roy Winters ( born 13 December 1975 ) is an English lock , currently playing in the Aviva Championship for Bristol Rugby .
Louis Brian Piccolo ( October 31 , 1943 -- June 16 , 1970 ) was a professional football player , a running back for the Chicago Bears for four years .
Chad Folk ( born October 28 , 1972 in Kelowna , British Columbia ) is a former professional Canadian Football League centre for the Toronto Argonauts .
David Moravec ( born March 24 , 1973 in Opava , Czechoslovakia ) is a former professional ice hockey left wing who played for HC Oceláři Třinec of the Czech Extraliga and now works as a hockey coach .
Rubén Iván Martínez Andrade ( born 22 June 1984 ) , known simply as Rubén , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Levante UD as a goalkeeper .
Filipe Miguel Lopes Fernandes ( born 5 March 1980 in Castelo Branco ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Covilhã as a defensive midfielder .
Robert Ross Johnstone ( April 7 , 1926 -- December 31 , 2009 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 42 games in the National Hockey League with the Toronto Maple Leafs .
Lars Gulpen ( born 4 July 1993 in Nijswiller ) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Edwin Olde Riekerink ( born 28 September 1961 ) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Sparta Rotterdam and FC Groningen between 1981 and 1994 .
Dean Halverson was a professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Los Angeles Rams , Atlanta Falcons , and Philadelphia Eagles .
Jigger Statz played in the major leagues during eight seasons from 1919 to 1928 for the Chicago Cubs , New York Giants , Boston Red Sox , and Brooklyn Robins .
Tyler Beechey ( born . June 5 , 1981 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who currently with the Krefeld Pinguine of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Seth Sinovic ( /sɨˈnoʊvɨk/ ; born January 28 , 1987 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a left back for Sporting Kansas City in Major League Soccer .
Mason Unck ( born March 3 , 1980 in Ogden , Utah ) was a linebacker for the Cleveland Browns from 2003 - -2006 .
Moukaila Goga ( born 4 May 1987 in Lomé ) is a Togolese footballer who currently plays for CS Louhans - Cuiseaux in the France Championnat de France amateur .
Bert Whittington ( 1 January 1885 -- 4 July 1969 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the Geelong Football Club in the VFL .
Joe Szczecko is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for four seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and New York Giants .
Vít Beneš ( born 12 August 1988 ) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FK Baumit Jablonec in the Synot liga .
Joel Parrish ( born September 1 , 1955 ) is a former American football offensive guard who played two seasons with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
Daniel Welser ( born February 16 , 1983 in Klagenfurt am Wörthersee , Austria ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player who is currently with the EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Corey Louchiey ( born October 10 , 1971 ) is a former offensive tackle who played in the NFL from 1994 - -1997 for the Buffalo Bills .
Mohamed Messaoud ( born November 19 , 1981 in Tiaret , Algeria ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club ASO Chlef .
Lionel Proctor is an indigenous former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) between 1998 and 2001 for the Richmond Football Club .
Nereo Fernández ( born April 13 , 1979 in Santa Fe , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Unión de Santa Fe .
Josh Papalii ( born 13 May 1992 ) is a New Zealand - born Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canberra Raiders of the National Rugby League .
Hamza Barry ( born 15 October 1994 in Gambia ) is a professional footballer who plays for Israeli Premier League side Hapoel Tel Aviv , where he plays as a Midfielder .
Larry Glueck ( born October 5 , 1941 ) is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for three seasons for the Chicago Bears .
Stanislav Kišš ( born 16 December 1978 in Prešov ) is a professional Slovak football defender who currently plays for TJ Rozvoj Pušovce .
Thomas Tengstedt ( born May 15 , 1975 ) is a Danish former professional footballer who most prominently played as a left back for Viborg FF . Born in Aalborg , Tengstedt started his career with amateur club Aalborg Chang .
Elvin Aliyev ( Azerbaijani : Elvin Əliyev ; born 21 August 1984 in Sabirabad , Soviet Union ) is an Azerbaijani football who plays as defender for FC Baku .
Knowledge Musona ( born 21 June 1990 ) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a striker for K.V. Oostende in the Belgian Pro League and the Zimbabwe national team .
Amian Clement ( born 16 August 1992 ) simply Clement , is an Ivorian footballer who plays for S.C. Covilhã , as a Forward .
Celsinho joined Sporting Clube de Portugal in the 2007 summer , being loaned with the option for a permanent deal .
Javier Serafini Domínguez ( born 7 April 1987 ) is a Paraguayan professional footballer that currently plays for Primera B side Lota Schwager of Coronel as centre back .
Ian Hardman ( born 8 December 1985 in Whiston , Merseyside ) is an English professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for West Bank ARLFC , St. Helens , Hull Kingston Rovers , Widnes , and Featherstone Rovers , as a Fullback , Wing , Centre or Stand - off .
Garland Boyette was a professional linebacker in the American Football League for the Houston Oilers and in the NFL for the St. Louis Cardinals(1962 - -63 ) and the Houston Oilers ( 1966 - -72 ) .
Riccardo Tantardini ( born 6 May 1993 ) is an Italian football defender who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club FeralpiSalò on loan from Atalanta .
Mitchell - Elijah Weiser ( born 21 April 1994 ) , known as Mitchell Weiser , is a German footballer who plays as a winger for Hertha BSC .
Herman Camille Oponga Ayessa ( born January 24 , 1978 in Brazzaville ) is a Congolese football defender currently playing for ES Viry - Châtillon in the French Championnat de France Amateurs .
Thomas Mathews ( October 1676 -- 2 October 1751 ) was a British officer of the Royal Navy , who rose to the rank of admiral .
Lieutenant General Sir Paul Raymond Newton KBE is a former British Army officer and Director of Exeter University 's Strategy and Security Institute .
Anna Karolina Orzelska ( 23 November 1707 -- 27 September 1769 ) was an adventuress and Polish szlachcianka ( noblewomen ) , the illegitimate daughter of August II the Strong , Elector of Saxony and King of Poland , by Henriette Rénard .
Alice FitzHugh ( c. 1448 -- 10 July 1516 ) was the eldest daughter and co - heiress of Henry FitzHugh , 5th Baron FitzHugh , and Lady Alice Neville .
The Niva River flows out of the Imandra Lake and into the Kandalaksha Gulf of the White Sea .
The Leibi is a tributary of the Danube in the district of Neu - Ulm , Bavaria , Germany .
Avenue Foch ( French pronunciation : ​(avny fɔʃ ) ) is a street in Paris , France , named after Maréchal Ferdinand Foch , the French hero of the First World War , in 1929 .
Calvinism ( also called the Reformed tradition , Reformed Christianity , Reformed Protestantism or the Reformed faith ) is a major branch of Protestantism that follows the theological tradition and forms of Christian practice of John Calvin and other Reformation - era theologians .
Witherite was named after William Withering ( 1741 - 1799 ) an English physician and naturalist who in 1784 published his research on the new mineral .
Sri Yaganti Uma Maheswara Temple or Yaganti ( Telugu : యాగంటి ) is a temple to Lord Shiva in Kurnool District in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Instituto Piaget was named after the Swiss philosopher and developmental psychologist Jean Piaget .
Exeter Cathedral , formally known as the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter at Exeter , is an Anglican cathedral , and the seat of the Bishop of Exeter , in the city of Exeter , Devon , in South West England .
Chiswick issued the single `` Motorhead '' in June , followed by the album Motörhead in August , which spent one week in the UK Albums Chart at number 43 .
Guix System Distribution ( abbreviated GuixSD ) is a Linux distribution , centered on GNU Guix .
Nero Burning ROM is a pun in reference to Roman Emperor Nero , who was best known for his association in the Great Fire of Rome .
Pierre Simon Laplace , A Philosophical Essay on Probabilities This intellect is often referred to as Laplace 's demon ( and sometimes Laplace 's Superman , after Hans Reichenbach ) .
The harbour was originally called `` Hong Kong Harbour '' , but was later renamed as `` Victoria Harbour '' , to assure shelter for the British fleet under Queen Victoria .
Innsbruck Cathedral , also known as the Cathedral of St. James ( German : Dom zu St. Jakob ) , is an eighteenth - century Baroque cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Innsbruck in the city of Innsbruck , Austria , dedicated to the apostle Saint James , son of Zebedee .
Sewardite was discovered in 1982 and named for the mineralogist , Terry M. Seward ( born 1940 ) , a professor of geochemistry in Zürich , Switzerland .
( New Year 's Eve is a feast day honoring Pope Sylvester I in the Roman Catholic calendar , but it is not widely recognized in the United States . )
Chlorocalcite is a rare potassium calcium chloride evaporite mineral with formula :
The Ulbricht Group , led by Walter Ulbricht , was a group of exiled members of the Communist Party of Germany who flew from the Soviet Union back to Germany on April 30 , 1945 .
SoDak Con formerly called SoDak Anime Convention , is an annual three day anime convention held during May / June at the Rushmore Plaza Civic Center in Rapid City , South Dakota .
Bryant University was founded in 1863 as a branch of a national school which originally taught bookkeeping and methods of business communication and was named after founders , John Collins Bryant and Henry Beadman Bryant .
The Mach number is named after Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach , a designation proposed by aeronautical engineer Jakob Ackeret .
The Primakoff effect , named after Henry Primakoff , is the resonant production of neutral pseudoscalar mesons by high - energy photons interacting with an atomic nucleus .
Lanarkite is a mineral , a form of lead sulfate with formula Pb2(SO4)O. It was originally found at Leadhills in the Scottish county of Lanarkshire , hence the name .
The lower is known as Nina Tower , symbolising the late Nina Wang or Kung Yu Sum natively , the owner of Chinachem Group ; the higher is Teddy Tower , symbolising her husband Teddy Wang , who was kidnapped and has since disappeared .
The Kisfaludy Society ( Hungarian : Kisfaludy Társaság ) was a literary society in Pest , founded in 1836 and named after Károly Kisfaludy , who had died in 1830 .
In mathematics , Riemann 's differential equation , named after Bernhard Riemann , is a generalization of the hypergeometric differential equation , allowing the regular singular points to occur anywhere on the Riemann sphere , rather than merely at 0 , 1 , and \infty .
USS Billfish ( SSN-676 ) , a Sturgeon - class attack submarine , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the billfish , a name used for any fish , such as gar or spearfish , with bill - shaped jaws .
An American family 's father , Elliot Wade , recently became the new owner of the Dolly Dearest factory in Mexico .
Ajit Thomas ( Dileep ) is an acclaimed investigative television anchor and producer with a leading channel ' Calcutta News ' , and is the son of a former footballer who grew up in Kolkata .
Rudolf Amelunxen ( June 30 , 1888 -- April 21 , 1969 ) was a German politician of the Zentrum and the first Minister - President of North Rhine - Westphalia ( 1946/47 ) .
Jean - Georges Humann ( 6 August 1780 -- 25 April 1842 ) was a French financier and politician .
Learco Guerra ( October 14 , 1902 - February 7 , 1963 ) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist .
André Frossard ( 1915 - -1995 ) was a French journalist and essayist .
Robert Merle ( French : ( mɛʁl ) ; 28 August 1908 -- 27 March 2004 ) was a French novelist .
Henri Gault ( Pacy - sur - Eure , 4 November 1929 - 9 July 2000 ) was a French food journalist .
Michel del Castillo ( born August 2 , 1933 , a.k.a . Michel Janicot del Castillo ) is a French writer , born in Madrid .
François - Augustin de Paradis de Moncrif ( 1687 , Paris -- 19 November 1770 , Paris ) was a French writer and poet , of a family originally of Scots origin .
Fernand Chapsal ( 10 March 1862 -- 10 February 1939 ) was a French lawyer , administrator and politician who was Minister of Commerce in 1926 and in 1937 - -38 , and Minister of Agriculture in 1938 .
Marie Baptiste née Dumont , ( born in Bordeaux , France ) , also known as Mademoiselle le Prévost ( or Prevot ) , was a French actress and singer .
Louis Germain - Martin ( 7 November 1872 , Le Puy - en - Velay , Haute - Loire -- 4 October 1948 , Paris ) was an Independent Radical French politician .
Alfred Capus ( 25 November 1858 -- 1 November 1922 ) was a French journalist and playwright , born in Aix - en - Provence and died in Neuilly - sur - Seine .
Udo Voigt ( German : ( ˈuːdo foːkt ) ; born 14 April 1952 ) is a German politician for the far - right National Democratic Party of Germany ( NPD ) , who currently serves as a Member of the European Parliament ( since 2014 ) .
Raymond Carré de Malberg ( 1861 - -1935 ) was a French jurist and one of France 's leading constitutional scholars .
Laurent Mauvignier ( born in 1967 , Tours ) is a French writer .
Han Kang ( Hangul : 한강 ; born November 27 , 1970 ) is a South Korean writer .
André Marie Jean Jacques Dupin ( 1 February 1783 -- 8 November 1865 ) , commonly called Dupin the Elder , was a French advocate , president of the chamber of deputies and of the Legislative Assembly .
Guy Môquet ( April 26 , 1924 - 22 October 1941 ( aged 17 ) ) was a young French Communist militant .
Władysław Syrokomla was the pseudonym of Ludwik Władysław Franciszek Kondratowicz ( 1823 - -1862 ) , was Polish a romantic poet , writer and translator working in the Russian Empire and Congress Poland .
Anne Louis Henri de La Fare ( 1752 - -1829 ) was a French cardinal and counter - revolutionary .
Georges Perros ( Paris , 23 August 1923 -- Douarnenez , 24 January 1978 ) was a French writer .
Tahar Rahim ( born 4 July 1981 ) is a French actor of Algerian descent .
Naftali Bennett ( Hebrew : נַפְתָּלִי בֶּנֶט ; born 25 March 1972 ) is an Israeli politician who has led the right - wing , religious party The Jewish Home since 2012 .
Anicée Alvina , also known as Anicée Schahmaneche ( b. Anicée Shahmanesh or Anicee Schahmane ( Persian : انیسه شاهمنش‎‎ ) on 28 January 1953 , Boulogne - Billancourt , Hauts - de - Seine -- d. 11 November 2006 , Boncourt , Eure - et - Loir from cancer ) was a French singer and actress .
Georg Diederichs ( 2 September 1900 , Northeim - 19 June 1983 ) was a German politician , a member of the SPD , who served as Prime Minister of Lower Saxony .
Herman Dooyeweerd ( 7 October 1894 , Amsterdam -- 12 February 1977 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch juridical scholar by training , who by vocation was a philosopher and a co - founder of the Philosophy of the Cosmonomic Idea with Dirk Vollenhoven .
Julius Eduard Hitzig ( born Isaac Elias Itzig ; Berlin , 26 March 1780 -- Berlin , 26 November 1849 ) was a German author and civil servant .
Louis - Joseph Faure ( 5 March 1760 -- 12 June 1837 ) was a French jurist and politician who was one of the four authors of the Napoleonic Code .
Marine Jahan ( born January 1 , 1959 , Versailles , France ) is a French actress and dancer .
Isabelle Caro ( 13 September 1982 -- 17 November 2010 ) was a French model and actress from Marseille , France , who became well known after appearing in a controversial advertising campaign `` No Anorexia '' which showed Caro with vertebrae and facial bones showing under her skin in a picture by photographer Oliviero Toscani .
Maurice Bénichou ( born 1943 ; Tlemcen , French Algeria ) is a French actor .
Pêr - Jakez Helias , baptised Pierre - Jacques Hélias , nom de plume Pierre - Jakez Hélias ( 1914 - -1995 ) was a Breton stage actor , journalist , author , poet , and writer for radio who worked in the French and Breton languages .
Valentine Penrose ( 1898 - -1978 ) , born Valentine Boué , was a French surrealist poet , author and collagist .
Antoon Coolen ( Wijlre , April 17 , 1897 - Waalre , November 9 , 1961 ) was a well - known Dutch writer of novels .
Danielle Collobert was a French author , poet and journalist , born in Rostrenen , Côtes - d'Armor on 23 July 1940 .
Jean - Louis Roumégas : is a French politician who is a member of the National Assembly representing the 1st district of Hérault .
Lucien Jerphagnon ( 7 September 1921 -- 16 September 2011 ) was a French scholar , historian and philosopher specialized in Greek and Roman philosophy .
Pierre Milza ( born 16 April 1932 ) is a French historian , well known as a specialist of fascism .
Émile Bréhier ( French : ( bʁeje ) ; 12 April 1876 , Bar - le - Duc -- 3 February 1952 , Paris ) was a French philosopher .
Henze Boekhout ( Haarlem 1947 ) is a Dutch artist / photographer who lives and works in Haarlem , the Netherlands .
Charles William Meredith van de Velde ( born December 3 , 1818 in Leeuwarden , died 20 March 1898 in Menton ) was a Dutch lieutenant - at - sea second class , painter , honorary member of the Red Cross and missionary .
Francis Maximilian Misson , originally François Maximilien Misson , ( c.1650 -- 12 January 1722 ) was a French writer and traveller .
François , Vicomte de Curel ( 10 June 1854 -- 26 April 1928 ) , French dramatist , was born at Metz , Moselle .
Philippe Amaury ( 6 March 1940 -- 23 May 2006 ) was a French publishing tycoon and entrepreneur who dominated the French media world .
Camille Alphonse Trézel ( 5 January 1780 , Paris -- 11 April 1860 , Paris ) was a French général de division , Minister for War and peer of France during the July Monarchy .
Germaine Sablon ( 19 July 1899 -- 17 April 1985 ) was a French singer and film actress .
Jean Masson ( 8 September 1907 , Bayon , Meurthe - et - Moselle -- 10 August 1964 ) was a French politician who served as state secretary in various governments during the French Fourth Republic , Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports in 1952 - 53 .
Pierre Laval ( French pronunciation : ​(pjɛʁ laval ) ; 28 June 1883 -- 15 October 1945 ) was a French politician .
Nicolaes Visscher I ( 1618 - -1679 ) was a Dutch engraver , cartographer and publisher .
Kim Seungok ( The romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea ) ( born December 1941 ) is a South Korean novelist and screenwriter .
Jean Sorel ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɑ̃ sɔʁɛl ) ; born 25 September 1934 ) is a French actor .
Stéphane Mallarmé ( /mɑːlɑːrˈmeɪ/ ; French pronunciation : ( stefan malaʁme ) ; 18 March 1842 -- 9 September 1898 ) , whose real name was Étienne Mallarmé , was a French poet and critic .
Omar Sy ( born 20 January 1978 ) is a French actor and comedian .
Ali Atalan ( born 5 January 1968 in Midyat ) is a Turkish - German politician .
Micheline Dax ( March 3 , 1924 -- April 27 , 2014 ) was a French film and stage actress .
Pierre Marie Jeanne Alexandre Thérèse Guiraud better known as Alexandre Guiraud ( 24 December 1788 -- 24 February 1847 ) was a French poet , dramatic author and novelist .
Jean - Paul Belmondo ( French : ( ʒɑ̃pɔl bɛlmɔ̃do ) ; born 9 April 1933 ) is a French actor initially associated with the New Wave of the 1960s .
Hertur Roland Ingemar Odlander , ( 29 February 1936 - 19 July 2014 ) was a Swedish journalist who worked for SVT news on its news programmes Aktuellt and Rapport .
Armand Jean - François ( born March 7 , 1874 in Grand - Bourg , Guadeloupe , and died September 22 , 1938 ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1924 - 1928 .
Christophe Antoine Gerle ( 1736-c . 1801 ) , French revolutionist and mystic , was born at Riom in Auvergne .
Marguerite Donnadieu , known as Marguerite Duras ( French : ( maʁ.ɡə.ʁit dy.ʁas ) ; 4 April 1914 -- 3 March 1996 ) , was a French novelist , playwright , scriptwriter , essayist and experimental filmmaker .
Pierre - Loup Rajot ( born 19 February 1958 ) is a French stage , television and film actor , director , producer and screenwriter .
Paco Boublard ( born 20 February 1981 ) is French actor and photographer .
Philippe Blasband ( born 26 July 1964 in Teheran , Iran ) is a filmmaker and a writer in French language from Belgium .
René Grousset ( 5 September 1885 -- 12 September 1952 ) was a French historian , curator of both the Cernuschi and Guimet Museums in Paris , and a member of the prestigious Académie française .
Alexander Holevo(Russian : Алексáндр Семéнович Хóлево , also spelled as Kholevo and Cholewo ) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician , one of the pioneers of quantum information science .
Denis Vairasse d ' Allais was a French writer born around 1630 and died in 1672 .
Rafael Alberti Merello ( 16 December 1902 -- 28 October 1999 ) was a Spanish poet , a member of the Generation of ' 27 .
Abraham Jacob van der Aa ( 7 December 1792 , Amsterdam -- 21 March 1857 , Gorinchem ) was a Dutch writer best known for his dictionaries , one of notable people and the other of notable places in the Netherlands .
Salah Stétié ( Arabic : صلاح ستيتية‎ ) is a Lebanese writer and poet who writes in the French language .
Clément Harari ( 1919 - -2008 ) was an Egyptian - born French film and television actor .
Josip Srebrnič , also spelled Srebrnić ( 2 February 1876 - 21 June 1966 ) was a Slovene Roman Catholic prelate who spent most of his career in Croatia .
Jean - Edern Hallier ( March 1 , 1936 in Saint - Germain - en - Laye , Yvelines -- January 12 , 1997 in Deauville ) was a French author .
Gilbert Bokanowski ( 1920 - -1975 ) was a French film actor and film producer .
Roselyne Bachelot - Narquin , generally known as Roselyne Bachelot ( born 24 December 1946 in Nevers , Nièvre ) , is a French politician , former Minister of Solidarity and Social Cohesion , and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement , which is part of the European People 's Party .
Charles Cotin or Abbé Cotin ( 1604 -- December 1681 ) was a French abbé , philosopher and poet .
Umm - El - Banine Assadoulaeff ( Umm El - Banu Äsâdullayeva ) ( 18 December 1905 -- 23 October 1992 ) was a French writer of Azerbaijani descent - a granddaughter of famous Azerbaijani millionaire Musa Nagiyev and daughter of Azerbaijani businessman and politician Mirza Asadullayev .
Gratien Candace ( born December 18 , 1873 in Baillif , Guadeloupe , and died on April 11 , 1953 in Lormaye , France ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French Chamber of Deputies from 1912 - 1942 and served as vice - president of the French Chamber of Deputies from 1938 to 1940 .
Robert Fabre ( born 21 December 1915 in Villefranche - de - Rouergue , Aveyron ; died 23 December 2006 in Villefranche - de - Rouergue , Aveyron ) was a French politician and pharmacist .
Coline Serreau ( born 29 October 1947 ) is a French actress , film director and writer .
Pierre Marie ( de Saint - Georges ) or Alexandre - Pierre - Thomas - Amable Marie de Saint Georges was a French politician , fought on the barricades during the revolution of July .
Frédérique Bel ( born 24 March 1975 ) is a French film , television and voice actress .
Hans - Peter Bartels ( born 7 May 1961 in Düsseldorf ) is a German politician of the SPD who served as member of the Bundestag for Kiel .
Petrus Josephus Zoetmulder S.J. ( January 29 , 1906 -- July 8 , 1995 ) was a Dutch expert in the Old Javanese language .
Akseli Gallen - Kallela ( 26 April 1865 -- 7 March 1931 ) was a Swedish - speaking Finnish painter who is best known for his illustrations of the Kalevala , the Finnish national epic ( illustration , below ) .
Pierre - Martial Cibot ( born at Limoges , France , 14 August 1727 ; died at Beijing , China , 8 August 1780 ) was a French Jesuit missionary to China .
Christian Carstensen ( born 11 March 1973 , in Hamburg ) is a German politician and member of the SPD .
Jean - Baptiste de Boyer , Marquis d'Argens ( June 24 , 1704 - January 11 , 1771 ) was a French philosopher and writer .
Mansour Kamardine ( born March 23 , 1959 in Sada , Mayotte ) is a politician from Mayotte who was elected to the French National Assembly in 2002 .
Chantal Lauby ( born 23 March 1948 ) is a French actress , film director , screenwriter , humorist and TV host .
Jean - Claude Brisseau ( born 17 July 1944 ) is a French filmmaker best known for his 2002 film Secret Things ( `` Choses Secrètes '' ) and his 2006 film The Exterminating Angels ( `` Les Anges exterminateurs '' ) .
Raymond Poincaré (; 20 August 1860 -- 15 October 1934 ) was a French statesman who served three times as Prime Minister of France , and as President of France from 1913 to 1920 .
Jean - Baptiste Robert Lindet ( May 2 , 1746 in Bernay , Eure -- February 17 , 1825 ) was a French politician of the Revolutionary period .
Pierre Lellouche ( born 3 May 1951 ) is a French politician and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) party .
Jean - François Copé ( French : ( ʒɑ̃.fʁɑ̃.swa kɔ.pe ) ; born 5 May 1964 ) is a French politician .
Charles - Michel - Ange Challe , a French painter , architect , and mathematician , was born in Paris in 1718 .
Pieter Johannes Veth ( December 2 , 1814 in Dordrecht - April 14 , 1895 in Arnhem ) was a Dutch professor of geography and ethnology and the first Chairman of the Royal Netherlands Geographical Society .
Nicole Bricq ( French pronunciation : ​(ni.kɔl bʁik ) ; La Rochefoucauld , Charente , 10 June 1947 ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the Seine - et - Marne department .
Thomas Alan Johnston is a Scottish engineer .
Roger S. Pressman is an American software engineer , author and consultant , and President of R.S. Pressman & Associates .
Gerhard Reinke 's Wanderlust was a mockumentary television comedy broadcast on the American cable channel Comedy Central in Spring 2003 .
Strange Love is a reality series featuring Brigitte Nielsen and Flavor Flav that aired on VH1 .
Key & Peele is an American sketch comedy television series created by Keegan - Michael Key and Jordan Peele for Comedy Central .
Down Home Country is a Canadian country music television series which aired on CBC Television in 1975 .
The Bill Cosby Show is an American situation comedy that aired for two seasons on NBC 's Sunday night schedule from 1969 until 1971 , under the sponsorship of Procter & Gamble .
Bostock 's Cup was a one - off British television comedy drama about a football team which appeared on ITV on the eve of the 1999 European Cup final .
The Real West was an American historical television series hosted by Kenny Rogers which first aired on A&E cable television from 1992 to 1995 .
Jungle Run is a British children 's television series which aired on CITV as part of the ITV network from 10 September 1999 to 29 November 2006 .
Two - A - Days was a show on the United States cable television channel MTV that chronicled the lives of teens at Hoover High School in Hoover , Alabama , a suburb of nearby Birmingham .
Naya Roop Nayi Zindagi was directed by Bimal Unnikrishnan for Miditech on behalf of Sony Entertainment Television .
The Gruen Transfer is an Australian television program focusing on advertising , which debuted on ABC1 on 28 May 2008 and has run for four seasons .
The Gene Autry Show is an American western / cowboy television series which aired for 91 episodes on CBS from July 23 , 1950 until August 7 , 1956 , originally sponsored by Wrigley 's Doublemint chewing gum .
Dagsrevyen ( English : The Daily Review ) is the daily evening news programme for the Norwegian television channel NRK1 , the main channel of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation ( NRK ) , broadcast at 19:00 .
Gudtaym ( Filipinization of the phrase `` good time '' ) is a Friday night variety show on ABS - CBN .
It Could Happen Tomorrow is a television series that premiered on January 15 , 2006 on The Weather Channel .
Chandrakant Chiplunkar Seedi Bambawala was an Indian situational comedy television series that aired on SAB TV .
The Problem Solverz is an American animated television series created by Ben Jones , a member of the art collective Paper Rad , for Cartoon Network .
Rosie and Jim ( sometimes written as Rosie & Jim ) is a British children 's television programme produced by Ragdoll Productions and aired on ITV from 3 September 1990 to 31 March 2000 , and on PBS from 5 September 1992 to 25 May 2001 .
Barney Blake , Police Reporter is an American crime drama that aired live on NBC from April 22 , 1948 to July 8 , 1948 .
Real People is an NBC reality television series that aired from 1979 to 1984 , on Wednesday and then Sunday nights .
The Three Friends and Jerry is a Swedish animated television series which aired in the United States on Fox Family , Nickelodeon in the UK and Latin America , TG4 in Ireland and Fox Kids in Spain .
Tales of Wells Fargo is an American Western television series starring Dale Robertson that ran from 1957 to 1962 on NBC .
The Nightlife is a dance - themed television series originally airing on TeenNick .
Wolf Lake is an American television series that originally aired on CBS .
Cade 's County is a modern - day Western / crime drama which aired on CBS during the 1971 - -1972 television season .
Da Vinci 's Inquest is a Canadian dramatic television series that aired on CBC Television from 1998 to 2005 .
Dog Bites Man was a partially improvised comedy television show on Comedy Central that aired in summer 2006 .
Good Time Harry is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from July 19 , 1980 to September 13 , 1980 .
The George Wendt Show is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS from March 8 , to April 12 , 1995 .
Imortal ( lit . Immortal ) is a Philippine television drama produced by ABS - CBN .
Tittybangbang is a female - led television sketch comedy , performed by Lucy Montgomery and Debbie Chazen , which ran between 2005 and 2007 on BBC Three .
The Karen Dunbar Show was a television comedy sketch show that aired on BBC One Scotland , starring the popular Scottish comedian Karen Dunbar ( of Chewin ' the Fat fame ) .
RIS Delitti Imperfetti is an Italian television series , created in 2004 by Daniele Cesarano , Barbara Petronio and Leonardo Valenti , broadcast since January 2005 on Canale 5 .
Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines is a cartoon produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions for CBS .
Quebec in English is a Canadian television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1965 .
Early Edition is an American television drama series that aired on CBS broadcast network from September 28 , 1996 to May 27 , 2000 .
Baba 's Cross Connection is an Indian television show featuring rapper Baba Sehgal on Imagine Showbiz .
Good Luck Charlie , It 's Christmas ! ( also known as Good Luck Charlie : The Road Trip Movie in the United Kingdom and Ireland ) is a 2011 Christmas film based on the Disney Channel Original Series Good Luck Charlie .
Hatching Pete is a 2009 Disney Channel Original Movie which first aired on April 24 , 2009 on Disney Channel UK and later Disney Channel and Family .
NBA Shootaround is a pregame show for ESPN 's coverage of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Dharti Ka Veer Yodha Prithviraj Chauhan Produced by Sagar Pictures ( English : Prithviraj Chauhan , the Brave Warrior of the Land ) is an Indian historical drama broadcast on Star Plus .
Falcon Crest is an American prime time television soap opera that aired for nine seasons on CBS from December 4 , 1981 to May 17 , 1990 .
On Camera was a Canadian dramatic anthology television series which aired on CBC Television from 1954 to 1958 .
Paalkhi is a Hindi language Indian drama television series which premiered on 13 June 2005 on Zee TV .
Camp Cucamonga ( also titled : How I Spent My Summer and Lights Out ) is a made - for - television movie that was first aired on NBC on September 23 , 1990 .
The Kraft Suspense Theatre is an American anthology series that was produced and broadcast from 1963 to 1965 on NBC .
Santo Bugito is a 1995 animated cartoon series produced and developed by Klasky - Csupo for CBS and created by Arlene Klasky .
Goodsports is an Australian children 's television series , produced by WIN Television in Hobart , Tasmania .
Vidas prestadas is a 2000 telenovela produced by Venevisión International and Iguana Producciones .
Like Family is an American sitcom that aired on The WB in 2003 .
PoliticsNation with Al Sharpton is a one - hour political talk show broadcast on MSNBC , hosted by Al Sharpton .
Stolen Voices , Buried Secrets is an American true crime television series on the Investigation Discovery Network .
Sanford and Son is an American sitcom , that ran on the NBC television network from January 14 , 1972 to March 25 , 1977 .
King Arthur 's Disasters is a British animated series which first aired on CITV .
Chico and the Man is an American sitcom which ran on NBC for four seasons , from September 13 , 1974 , to July 21 , 1978 .
Andando nas Nuvens ( English : Walking on Clouds ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo originally ran from March 22 to November 5 , 1999 for 197 episodes .
The 92 KQRS Morning Show ( also known as the KQ Morning Crew ) is a popular , long - running radio morning show originating from KQRS - FM in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Coenophlebia is a genus of neotropical charaxine butterflies in the family Nymphalidae , native to Colombia , Peru , Brazil , Bolivia and Ecuador .
The Tibetan babax ( Babax koslowi ) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family .
Styloniscus is a genus of woodlice in the family Styloniscidae .
Diopatra is a genus of polychaete worms in the family Onuphidae .
Chironominae is a subfamily of midges in the non - biting midge family ( Chironomidae ) .
The Bolivian big - eared mouse ( Auliscomys boliviensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Heliscomyidae is a member of the clade Geomyoidea , a group of rodents that also includes the families †Eomyidae , †Florentiamyidae , Heteromyidae , and Geomyidae .
Gonyleptoidea is the most diverse superfamily of the Grassatores .
Pseudotolithus is a genus of croaker or bar , ray - finned fish in the family Sciaenidae .
Metarhizium is a genus of entomopathogenic fungi in the Clavicipitaceae family .
The New Zealand rough skate , Dipturus nasutus , is a skate of the genus Dipturus , found around New Zealand at depths of between 10 and 1,500 m. Their length is up to 1 m.
Apiopetalum is a genus of plant of family Apiaceae , comprising 2 species .
The Sardinian meadow brown ( Maniola nurag ) is a butterfly belonging to the Nymphalidae family .
The Russian wheat aphid ( Diuraphis noxia ) is an aphid that can cause significant losses in cereal crops .
Acamptocladius is a genus of non - biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae .
Neolepetopsoidea was synonymized with Lottioidea so Daminilidae was moved to superfamily Lottioidea in World Register of Marine Species .
Christine 's margareta rat ( Margaretamys christinae ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Orthops is a genus of Miridae in the subfamily Mirinae .
The Mount Coke false shieldback ( Acilacris furcatus ) is a tettigoniid orthopteran that is endemic to a single small locality in Eastern Cape Province , South Africa .
The Hawaiian rail ( Porzana sandwichensis ) , Hawaiian spotted rail , or Hawaiian crake was a somewhat enigmatic species of diminutive rail that lived on Big Island of Hawaiʻi , but is now extinct .
Marionia is a genus of sea slugs , specifically dendronotid nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Tritoniidae .
Bosistoa is a genus of Australian plants with 6 species in the family Rutaceae .
Winter savory ( Satureja montana ) is a perennial herb in the family Lamiaceae , native to warm temperate regions of southern Europe and Mediterranean .
The Madang big - eyed tree frog , Nyctimystes disruptus , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , endemic to Papua New Guinea .
Beringius is a genus of large sea snails or true whelks , a marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
The Peru poison frog ( also Peruvian poison frog or Peruvian poison - arrow frog ; Ameerega petersi ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family It is found in eastern Peru ( Ucayali River and Huallaga River basins ) and western Brazil ( Acre state ) .
The Chacoan naked - tailed armadillo ( Cabassous chacoensis ) is a species of South American armadillo .
Lobulia is a genus of skinks in the subfamily Lygosominae .
Tetracentrum is a genus of fish in the family Ambassidae , the Asiatic glassfishes .
Cetotherium ( `` whale beast '' ) is a genus of cetaceans from the family Cetotheriidae .
Hypisodus is an extinct genus belonging to the family Hypertragulidae , within the order Artiodactyla , endemic to North America during the Eocene through Oligocene , living 37.2 - -26.3 Ma , existing for approximately 10.9 million years .
The Brazilian large - eyed stingray , Dasyatis marianae , is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae .
The Red Hills salamander ( Phaeognathus hubrichti ) is a fairly large , terrestrial salamander growing to about 255 millimetres ( 10.0 in ) .
The East African highland shrew ( Crocidura allex ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Australian wood frog ( Hylarana daemeli ) , locally simply known as the wood frog , is the only species from the family Ranidae found in Australia .
Waller 's starling ( Onychognathus walleri ) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae .
The Mohave ground squirrel ( Xerospermophilus mohavensis ) is a species of ground squirrel found only in the Mojave Desert in California .
Onykia is a genus of squids in the family Onychoteuthidae .
Gabb 's snail also known as the San Clemente Island snail , scientific name Micrarionta gabbii , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
Durotrigensia is a genus of ammonites ( Ammonitida ) in the perisphinctoid family Parkinsoniidae .
The Laysan rail or Laysan crake ( Porzana palmeri ) was a flightless bird endemic to the Northwest Hawaiian Island of Laysan .
The Rouget 's rail ( Rougetius rougetii ) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
With 622 valid species assigned by 1987 to the subtribe Paederina ( Paederus and its close allies ) , and with all but 148 within Paederus itself , the genus is large .
Kutchicetus ( `` Kutch whale '' ) is an extinct genus of early whale of the family Remingtonocetidae that lived during Early - Middle Eocene ( Lutetian and Ypresian ) in what is now the coastal border of Pakistan and India ( 23.7 ° N 68.7 ° E , paleocoordinates 6.0 ° N 61.8 ° E ) .
The Mascarene petrel ( Pseudobulweria aterrima ) is a medium - sized , dark gadfly petrel .
Momordica is a genus of about 60 species of annual or perennial climbers herbaceous or rarely small shrubs belonging to the family Cucurbitaceae , natives of tropical and subtropical Africa and Asia and Australia .
Finsch 's bulbul ( Alophoixus finschii ) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family .
The Appalachian monkey - face pearly mussel or Appalachian monkeyface , scientific name Quadrula sparsa , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Pseudochama is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae .
Sphaeropsidales is an order of Coelomycetes fungi .
The Izu catshark ( Scyliorhinus tokubee ) is a species of catshark , family Scyliorhinidae , found only in the waters around Japan , at depths down to 100 m. It can grow up to a length of 41 cm .
Ginglymostoma unami , also known as the Pacific nurse shark is a nurse sharks of the family Ginglymostomatidae .
Oxycerites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod belonging to the haploceratacean family , Oppeliidae , that lived during the Middle Jurassic .
Tantulocarida is a highly specialised group of parasitic crustaceans that consists of about 33 species , treated as a subclass of the class Maxillopoda ( copepods and barnacles ) .
Pseudococcus is a genus of unarmoured scale insects in the family Pseudococcidae , the mealy bugs .
The Oriental skylark ( Alauda gulgula ) , also known as the Oriental lark or small skylark , is a species of skylark found on the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia .
Enterogona is an order of tunicates in the class Ascidiacea .
Bengalia is a genus of blow flies in the family Calliphoridae with one authority considering the genus to belong to a separate family Bengaliidae .
Chaetothyriomycetidae is a subclass of ascomycetes within the class Eurotiomycetes .
Aspidoras is easily distinguished from the other genera of the subfamily Corydoradinae by the presence of a supraoccipital fontanel ; this character is an autapomorphy for the genus .
Leptotrombidium ( /ˌlɛptoʊtrɒmˈbɪdiəm/ ) is a genus of mites in the family Trombiculidae , that are able to infect humans with scrub typhus ( Orientia tsutsugamushi infection ) through their bite .
Sitona is a large genus of weevils in the family Curculionidae native to the Nearctic and Palaearctic regions .
The Bougainville monkey - faced bat ( Pteralopex anceps ) is a megabat found only on islands of Bougainville and Choiseul in Melanesia .
Swainson 's thrush ( Catharus ustulatus ) , also called olive - backed thrush , is a medium - sized thrush .
Purgatorius is the genus of the four extinct species believed to be the earliest example of a primate or a proto - primate , a primatomorph precursor to the Plesiadapiformes , dating to as old as 66 million years ago .
Pterocephalus is a genus in the Caprifoliaceae family of herbs and shrubs , comprising 25 species ranging from the Mediterranean , to central Asia , the Himalayas , western China , and tropical Africa .
The Guianan cock - of - the - rock ( Rupicola rupicola ) is a species of South American passerine .
Marburg marburgvirus is a virological taxon ( i.e. a man - made concept ) included in the genus Marburgvirus , family Filoviridae , order Mononegavirales .
The South Island oystercatcher or South Island pied oystercatcher ( Haematopus finschi ) is one of the two common oystercatchers found in New Zealand .
The Mozambique thicket rat ( Grammomys cometes ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
†Pseudohelenoconcha was a genus of air - breathing land snails , shell - less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Endodontidae .
Sampson 's naiad , Sampson 's pearly mussel , Sampson 's riffleshell , or wabash riffleshell , scientific name Epioblasma sampsonii , was a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
The Neotropical green anole ( Anolis biporcatus ) is a species of Anolis lizard , native to Central America and northern South America , from Mexico to Ecuador and Venezuela .
Slowinski 's corn snake ( Pantherophis slowinskii ) is a species of nonvenomous snake indigenous to Arkansas .
The Greater Mindanao shrew ( Crocidura grandis ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Okenia is a genus of colorful sea slugs , specifically of dorid nudibranchs , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Goniodorididae .
The Cuban evening bat ( Nycticeius cubanus ) is a species of bat in the vesper bat family , Vespertilionidae , that is endemic to western Cuba .
Genotina is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae ,
Centrophorus seychellorum or Seychelles gulper shark , is a species of fish in the Centrophoridae family found in Alphonse island in Seychelles .
Chlamydogobius micropterus , the Elizabeth Springs goby , is a species of goby endemic to Queensland , Australia where it occurs in shallow , marshy pools .
Muscicapa is a genus of passerine birds belonging to the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae , and therein to the typical flycatchers of subfamily Muscicapinae .
Dimitshydrus typhlops is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Dimitshydrus .
Chamaesium is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae , with 5 to 8 species .
The Amphinectidae are a spider family with about 180 described species in 35 genera .
They are the namesake family of the huge and little - studied superfamily Gelechioidea , and the Gelechiidae 's relationships with and delimitation against their relatives have been subject to considerable dispute .
Hegetotheria is a suborder of the extinct mammalian order Notoungulata and includes two families , Archaeohyracidae and Hegetotheriidae .
Viverravidae is an extinct family within the superfamily Miacoidea .
Galerella is a genus of the mongoose family ( Herpestidae ) native to Africa and commonly called the slender mongooses .
Pongo hooijeri is an extinct species of orangutan from the Pleistocene of Vietnam .
Cycadidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article `` A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III . '' This subclass comprises the cycads , which include the two families Cycadaceae and Zamiaceae .
Stegocephalidae is a little - studied family of amphipods belonging to the suborder Gammaridea .
Apistobuthus is a genus of scorpions in the family Buthidae .
Hippocastanoideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the soapberry family , Sapindaceae .
The Kanab ambersnail , scientific name Oxyloma haydeni kanabense or Oxyloma kanabense , is a critically endangered subspecies or species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
The Mindoro hornbill ( Penelopides mindorensis ) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family .
Haptoderidius debeckeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Haptoderidius .
Arrhoges is a monospecific genus of medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Aporrhaidae and the superfamily Stromboidea .
The Montagu 's harrier ( Circus pygargus ) is a migratory bird of prey of the harrier family .
Aachenosaurus is a dubious genus of prehistoric plant .
The California quail ( Callipepla californica ) , also known as the California valley quail or valley quail , is a small ground - dwelling bird in the New World quail family .
The Naomi 's forest frog ( Platymantis naomii ) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family .
Philomma was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Derrima .
The Greek lamprey ( Eudontomyzon hellenicus ) ( also known as the Greek brook lamprey ) is a species of jawless fish in the Petromyzontidae family .
`` We assign Hainina to the Kogaionidae ( superfamily incertae sedis ) ; it differs from Kogaionon in having ornamented enamel , while the enamel is smooth in Kogaionon , '' ( Kielan - Jaworowska & Hurum , 2001 , p.409 ) .
Tasmanida norfolkae is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Munididae .
The Oxypeltidae are a small family belonging to the superfamily Chrysomeloidea , widespread in the Andean region of Chile and Argentina .
Class Merostomata Dana , 1852 Order Eurypterida Burmeister , 1843 Suborder Stylonurina Diener , 1924 Superfamily Hibbertopteroidea Kjellesvig - Waering , 1959 Family Mycteroptidae Størmer , 1951 Genus Mycterops Cope1886 Mycterops blairi Waterston , 1968 Mycterops matthieui Pruvost , 1924 Mycterops ordinatus Cope , 1886 ?
Terraconia is a genus of very small freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Devil 's club or devil 's walking stick ( Oplopanax horridus , Araliaceae ; syn . Echinopanax horridus , Fatsia horrida ) is a large understory shrub endemic to the arboreal rainforests of the pacific northwest , but also disjunct on islands in Lake Superior .
Highback chub ( Hybopsis hypsinotus ) is a species of freshwater fish in the carp family ( Cyprinidae ) .
Vaillant 's frog ( Rana vaillanti ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Belize , Colombia , Costa Rica , Ecuador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , Nicaragua , and Panama .
The Snow Mountains quail ( Anurophasis monorthonyx ) , also known as the Snow Mountain quail , is a large , approximately 28 cm ( 11 in ) long , dark brown quail of Alpine grasslands .
Cereeae are a tribe of cactus belonging to the Cactoideae subfamily .
Humerana is a genus of frogs in the Ranidae family from southern and southeastern Asia .
Lithocarpus is a genus in the beech family Fagaceae , differing from Quercus in the erect male spikes .
Katinka 's shrew ( Crocidura katinka ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Petit 's cuckooshrike ( Campephaga petiti ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
Plicatodus is a prehistoric shark in the family Xenacanthidae , that existed during the lower Permian in what is now Germany .
The Bonin wood pigeon ( Columba versicolor ) was a pigeon endemic to Nakodo - jima and Chichi - jima in the Ogasawara Islands , south of Japan .
Arionidae , common name the `` roundback slugs '' or `` round back slugs '' are a taxonomic family of air - breathing land slugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea .
Ypresiomyrma is an extinct genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae that was described in 2006 .
Camissoniopsis is a plant genus in the evening primrose family Onagraceae .
Synagelides is a genus of Asian spiders of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) .
Pterostillichus caecus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Pterostillichus .
Phylloglossum , a genus in the clubmoss family Huperziaceae , is a small plant superficially resembling a tiny grass plant , growing with a rosette of slender leaves 2 - 5 cm long from an underground bulb - like root .
The Meso - American slider ( Trachemys venusta ) is a species of turtle belonging to the family Emydidae with a distribution from Mexico to Colombia .
Heteralepas is a genus of goose barnacles in the family Heteralepadidae .
Pellona is a genus of ray - finned fishes in the Pristigasteridae family .
Fallotaspidella is a derived member of the superfamily `` Fallotaspidoidea '' .
The Mwanza flat - headed rock agama ( Agama mwanzae ) or the Spider - Man agama , because of its coloration , is a lizard in the family Agamidae , found in Tanzania , Rwanda , and Kenya .
Species in the genus Phelsuma are commonly referred to as day geckos .
Koumansetta hectori , Hector 's goby , is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean ( including the Red Sea ) to the islands of Micronesia in the western Pacific Ocean .
Orobanchaceae , the broomrapes , is a family of parasitic plants of the order Lamiales , with about 90 genera and more than 2000 species .
Argestina is a butterfly genus of the Satyrinae .
Exellodendron is a genus of plant in the family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1972 .
The Jonah crab ( Cancer borealis ) is a marine brachyuran crab that inhabits waters along the east coast of North America from Newfoundland to Florida .
Paleoboa is an extinct genus of snake from the Eocene of Germany .
Chromoeme angustissima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Chromoeme .
The Persian vole ( Microtus irani ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Nardoa is a genus of sea star of the family Ophidiasteridae .
The Mycetopodidae are a family of freshwater pearly mussels in the order Unionoida restricted to South America .
The Japanese sleeper ray ( Narke japonica ) is a species of electric ray in the family Narkidae .
Italodytes stammeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Italodytes .
Panthera onca augusta , commonly known as the Pleistocene North American jaguar , is an extinct subspecies of the jaguar that was endemic to North and South America during the Pleistocene epoch ( 1.8 mya--11,000 years ago ) .
The Campbell teal or Campbell Island teal ( Anas nesiotis ) is a small , flightless , nocturnal species of dabbling duck of the genus Anas endemic to the Campbell Island group of New Zealand .
The Rudd 's mole - rat ( Tachyoryctes ruddi ) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae .
Ecsenius is a large genus of fish in the Blenniidae family .
Dryoctenes scrupulosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Dryoctenes .
Amniscites pictipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Amniscites .
Zythiostroma is a genus of canker fungus in the Nectriaceae family .
Campylosiphon is a genus of flowering plants in the Burmanniaceae , first described as a genus in 1882 .
Equisetidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article `` A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III . '' This subclass comprises the group commonly known as horsetails .
Haminoea is a genus of medium - sized sea snails or bubble snails , marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Haminoeidae , the haminoea bubble snails , part of the clade Cephalaspidea , the headshield slugs and bubble snails .
Trichonis blenny , Salaria economidisi , is a species of fish in the Blenniidae family .
Typhlocaris is a genus of blind cave - dwelling shrimp , placed in its own family , Typhlocarididae .
Cuckoo bumblebees are members of the subgenus Psithyrus in the bumblebee genus Bombus .
Eriodictyon is a genus of plants within the Hydrophylloideae subfamily of the Boraginaceae family .
The Táchira antpitta ( Grallaria chthonia ) is a cryptical bird species .
Gynocladius is a parthenogenetic genus in the subfamily Orthocladiinae ( Chironomidae ) .
Silvacola is an extinct genus of hedgehog of the family Erinaceidae , which lived in North America during the Eocene , 50 million years ago .
Xibalbanus tulumensis ( previously Speleonectes tulumensis -- Speleonectes = ' cave swimmer ' ; tulumensis = ' occurring at Tulum ' -- Xibalbanus = ' from Xibalba ' ) is a venomous , hermaphroditic crustacean found in anchialine caves on the Yucatán Peninsula in the Caribbean Sea .
The Güldenstädt 's redstart ( Phoenicurus erythrogastrus ) also sometimes called the white - winged redstart , is a species of bird in the genus Phoenicurus , family Muscicapidae .
Synchiropus stellatus , commonly known as the Starry dragonet , is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean where it is found at depths of around 40 metres ( 130 ft ) .
Gray 's stream frog ( Strongylopus grayii ) is a fairly small species of frog in the family Pyxicephalidae .
Oxycomanthus is a genus of crinoids belonging to the family Comasteridae .
Hydaticus is a genus of predatory water beetle belonging to the family Dytiscidae , native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Afro - tropical region , the Near East , the Nearctic and North Africa .
Parmelinae is a genus of lichen belonging to the family Parmeliaceae .
Belone belone ( Linnaeus , 1761 ) ( Garfish ) Belone svetovidovi Collette & Parin , 1970 ( Short - beaked garfish )
Macadamia is a genus of four species of trees indigenous to Australia and constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae .
Allen 's cotton rat ( Sigmodon alleni ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Bactericera is a psyllid bug genus in the family Triozidae .
Helicodiscidae is a family of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrialpulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
The Manus boobook ( Ninox meeki ) is a small owl .
The German cockroach ( Blattella germanica ) is a small species of cockroach , typically about 1.1 to 1.6 cm ( 0.43 to 0.63 in ) long .
The genus Janetaescincus is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae , which seems to be paraphyletic however .
The Olympic shrew ( Sorex rohweri ) is a rare species of shrew that lives in only 13 spots in northwest Washington State and , a recent discovery , in Burns Bog , located in Delta , BC . Not much is known about this species .
Reptiliomorpha Order Seymouriamorpha Biarmica ?
The Socotra sunbird ( Chalcomitra balfouri ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
Nymphoides , or floatingheart , is a genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae .
Pultenaea belongs to the tribe Mirbelieae , sister to tribe Bossiaeeae ; family Fabaceae - Faboideae Pultenaea possibly not monophyletic , and is poorly resolved .
The Thai whiting , Sillago intermedius , is a species of coastal marine fish of the smelt - whiting family Sillaginidae .
Batrachuperus is a genus of salamander in the Hynobiidae family found in western China and adjacent Myanmar .
Carinariidae , known by the common name `` heteropods '' like their relatives in the Pterotracheoidea , is a taxonomic family of swimming or floating sea snails , pelagic marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Syndiclis is a genus of plant in Lauraceae family , In East and South East Asia , From India and China to Indonesia with 12 species known .
The Rockefeller 's sunbird ( Cinnyris rockefelleri ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
Biffarius is a genus of ghost shrimp in the family Callianassidae , containing species formerly included in the genus Callianassa .
The Australian pelican ( Pelecanus conspicillatus ) is a large waterbird of the family Pelecanidae , widespread on the inland and coastal waters of Australia and New Guinea , also in Fiji , parts of Indonesia and as a vagrant in New Zealand .
Borogovia was assigned by Osmólska to the Troodontidae in 1987 .
Megalocytivirus is one of five genera of viruses within the family Iridoviridae and one of three genera within this family which infect teleost fishes , along with Lymphocystivirus and Ranavirus .
The Layard 's warbler or Layard 's tit - babbler ( Sylvia layardi ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Sylviidae family .
Senticaudata is one of the four suborders of the crustacean order Amphipoda ( aka scuds , sideswimmers ) .
Spirillum is a genus of Gram - negative bacteria within family Spirillaceae .
Rhabdastrella is a genus of marine sponges belonging to the family of Ancorinidae .
Neomallocera opulenta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Neomallocera .
Premnoplex is the genus of typical barbtails , birds in the family Furnariidae .
The Tahiti crake ( Porzana nigra ) , also known as Miller 's rail , was a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
The Chinese mystery snail , black snail , or trapdoor snail , scientific name Bellamya chinensis , synonym Cipangopaludina chinensis , is a large freshwater snail with gills and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae .
South Island telegraph frog ( Eleutherodactylus audanti ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Hispaniola .
Amorphoscelididae is a family of mantises consisting of 16 genera in the order Mantodea .
The African forest turtle ( Pelusios gabonensis ) is a species of turtle in the family Pelomedusidae .
The Diestoceratidae comprises a family in the nautiloid cephalopod order Oncocerida with compressed , straight to faintly endogastic breviconic shells with a marginal siphuncle that contains discrete , irregular actinosphonate deposits .
The Indian hedgehog ( Paraechinus micropus ) is a species of hedgehog native to India and Pakistan .
( 2010 ) moved Sacoglossa into the Panpulmonata .
Laufeia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) with Asian distribution , where they are found on shrubs and other plants .
Scaloposauridae is no longer recognized as a valid group , and Scalopocephalus is now classified as a basal member of Baurioidea .
Coscinodiscaceae is a diatom family in the order Coscinodiscales .
Peringia ulvae seems to prefer more exposed localities with less vegetation than Hydrobia ventrosa and Hydrobia neglecta .
Blastozoa is a subphylum of extinct animals belonging to Phylum Echinodermata .
Entoconcha is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae .
Diplolaemus is a genus of lizards in the family Leiosauridae , endemic to southern South America .
Stylissa is a genus of sponges from Dictyonellidae family .
Caerostris is a genus of spiders in the Araneidae family .
Trochonematidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Trochonematoidea .
Iuati spinithorax is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Iuati .
Cananeuretus is an extinct genus of ant in the Formicidae subfamily Aneuretinae , and is one of two Cretaceous genera of the subfamily .
Watts 's spiny rat ( Maxomys wattsi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Western blacknose dace ( Rhinichthys obtusus ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Rhinichthys .
Hypoplectrus indigo , also known as the indigo hamlet , is a species of Hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic .
The Indian crested porcupine ( Hystrix indica ) , or Indian porcupine , is a large species of Hystricomorph rodent ( order Rodentia ) belonging to the Old World porcupine family , Hystricidae .
The Oktedi rainbowfish ( Melanotaenia oktediensis ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
The East African little collared fruit bat ( Myonycteris relicta ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
The following cladogram is simplified after the phylogenetic analysis of MacDougall and Reisz ( 2014 ) and shows the placement of Procolophonomorpha within Parareptilia and its interrelationships .
Ariunculus is a genus of air - breathing land slugs in the family Arionidae , the roundback slugs .
The Vogelkop scrubwren ( Sericornis rufescens ) is a bird species .
Gigartinales is a red algae order in the class Florideophyceae .
Chelonariidae is a family of beetles in the superfamily Byrrhoidea .
The genus Pelecinus is the only living member of the family Pelecinidae ( there are also two fossil genera ) , and contains only three species , restricted to the New World .
The leaves of Drepanophycus and Baragwanathia are therefore by definition true microphylls , while those of Asteroxylon are not ; see Drepanophycales for more details .
The Caspian tern ( Hydroprogne caspia , formerly Sterna caspia ) is a species of tern , with a subcosmopolitan but scattered distribution .
The Egyptian vulture ( Neophron percnopterus ) , also called the white scavenger vulture or pharaoh 's chicken , is a small Old World vulture and the only member of the genus Neophron .
Vachellia cornigera , commonly known as Bullhorn Acacia ( family Fabaceae ) , is a swollen - thorn tree native to Mexico and Central America .
Genisteae is a tribe of trees , shrubs and herbaceous plants in the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family Fabaceae .
The Mexican wolf ( Canis lupus baileyi ) , also known as the lobo , is a subspecies of gray wolf once native to southeastern Arizona , southern New Mexico , western Texas and northern Mexico .
Oligoria is a genus of skippers in the Hesperiidae family .
Pemberton 's deer mouse ( Peromyscus pembertoni ) lived on San Pedro Nolasco Island ( 27.96749 ° N 111.37845 ° W ) in the Gulf of California .
The Gran Canaria giant lizard ( Gallotia stehlini ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family that grows to lengths up to 80 cm . It is endemic to Gran Canaria in the Canary Islands of Spain .
Hump - winged grigs are insects belonging to the North American genus Cyphoderris , in the family Prophalangopsidae , related to katydids .
The Clymene dolphin ( Stenella clymene ) , in older texts known as the short - snouted spinner dolphin , is a dolphin endemic to the Atlantic Ocean .
Archips is a genus of tortrix moths the tribe Archipini .
Tylochromis is a genus of African fishes in the family Cichlidae .
The Taiwan salamander , Hynobius formosanus , is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family , endemic to Taiwan , where it occurs in the high mountains at around 2,100 m ( 6,900 ft ) .
The Hartlaub 's turaco ( Tauraco hartlaubi ) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family .
Thermotogae is a phylum of the domain `` Bacteria '' .
Asparagoideae is a subfamily of monocot flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae , order Asparagales , according to the APG III system of 2009 .
Macromaxillocaris bahamaensis is a species of stenopodidean shrimp , the only species in the family Macromaxillocarididae .
Coreinae is a subfamily of the hemipteran insect family Coreidae .
Wikstroemia is a genus of 55 - 70 species of flowering shrubs and small trees in the mezereon family , Thymelaeaceae .
The Davao squirrel ( Sundasciurus davensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Achenoderus octomaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Achenoderus .
Tropiocolotes is a genus of geckos that grow to about 2 `` in length and are endemic to Northern Africa .
The Pacific horned frog ( Ceratophrys stolzmanni ) is a species of frog in the Ceratophryidae family .
Lissoceras is an involute , smooth or finely vetrolaterally ribbed , ammonite with a blunt , un - keeled venter , included in the Haploceratidae , that lived from the Lower Bajocian - Middle Oxfordian ( Middle to Upper Jurassic ) in what is now Europe , south Asia , and southern Alaska .
Gongora , abbreviated Gga in horticultural trade , is a member of the Orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) .
The Bolivian slaty antshrike ( Thamnophilus sticturus ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
The Round scad , Decapterus punctatus , is a species of fish in the Carangidae .
The Rhynchonellata is a class of Lower Cambrian to Recent articulate brachiopods that combines orders from within the Rhynchonelliformea ( Articulata revised ) with well developed pedicle attachment .
Discinidae is a family in the brachiopods superfamily Discinoidea .
Tubbia , is a genus of the family Centrolophidae .
The Socotra cisticola or island cisticola ( Cisticola haesitatus ) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family .
Paraprobatius bucki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Paraprobatius .
Lobocla is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae subfamily Eudaminae
Folinella is a genus of minute sea snails , pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pyramidellidae within the tribe Chrysallidini .
Echinocardium is a genus of sea urchins of the family Loveniidae , known as heart urchins .
Iratusaurus is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl within the family Dissorophidae .
The Yazoo darter ( Etheostoma raneyi ) is a species of darter endemic to north - central Mississippi in the United States , where it is found only in tributaries of the Little Tallahatchie and Yocona rivers .
Trichognathus marginipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Trichognathus .
Pellonulinae is a subfamily of freshwater herrings belonging to the family Clupeidae .
The Indian swiftlet , or Indian edible - nest swiftlet , ( Aerodramus unicolor ) is a small swift .
Neocogniauxia is a genus of orchids , ( family Orchidaceae ) , consisting of two species in the Greater Antilles .
Neoscortechinia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1897 .
Oocorys is a genus of large , deepwater sea snails , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae , the helmet snails and bonnet snails .
The Coiban mastiff bat ( Molossus coibensis ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae .
Laelaptoseius is a monotypic genus of mites in the family Ascidae , endemic to New Zealand .
Virola is a genus of medium - sized trees native to the South American rainforest and closely related to other Myristicaceae , such as nutmeg .
Miocryptorhopalum kirkbyae is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the only species in the genus Miocryptorhopalum .
The Spicipalpia are a suborder of Trichoptera , the caddisflies .
Thomas 's shrew tenrec ( Microgale thomasi ) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae .
Aphatum rufulum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Aphatum .
The Mexican spider monkey ( Ateles geoffroyi vellerosus ) , is a subspecies of Geoffroy 's spider monkey , a type of New World monkey , from Mexico and Central America , native to Mexico , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua and El Salvador .
Although Horsfield 's tarsier was usually placed in the genus Tarsius with all other living tarsiers , it is quite distinct from the Philippine tarsier and the various tarsiers of Sulawesi and nearby islands ; therefore , scientists have placed it in a separate genus , Cephalopachus .
Hasseltiopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the willow family , Salicaceae .
Emileia is included in the family Otoitidae and superfamily Stephanocerataceae of the Ammonitina
Cottus schitsuumsh , commonly known as the Cedar sculpin , is a small , large - headed species of cottid that is found in the Coeur d'Alene and St. Joe rivers in northern Idaho , and in a stretch of the Clark Fork river in western Montana .
The Red Sea sailfin tang or Desjardin 's sailfin tang ( Zebrasoma desjardinii ) is a marine reef tang in the fish family Acanthuridae .
Lozania is a genus of Lacistemataceae consisting of five species :
The Brazilian teal or Brazilian duck ( Amazonetta brasiliensis ) is the only duck in the genus Amazonetta .
Trachemys dorbignyi dorbignyi , also known as the Southern D'Orbigny 's Slider or simply Orbigny 's Slider , is a relative of the Pond Slider .
Platynerita is a genus of submarine cave snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Neritiliidae .
Procoelambus macrocephalus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Procoelambus .
Progonostola is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae , native to Hawaii .
Caryophylliina is a suborder of stony corals , order Scleractinia .
Callyspongia is a demosponge genus in the family Callyspongiidae .
The Andean swift ( Aeronautes andecolus ) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family .
Cochlicellidae is a family of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Niphargus is by far the largest genus of its family , the Niphargidae , and the largest of all freshwater amphipod genera .
Thiara is a genus of freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Thiaridae .
Petrobacter is a genus of gram - negative , non - spore - forming bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria .
Ectropis is a genus in the geometer moth family ( Geometridae ) .
Trisyngyne nuda was known as Nothofagus nuda prior to 2013 .
Setulipes is a genus of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family .
Polycestaxia howas is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Polycestaxia .
The Bryopsida constitute the largest class of mosses , containing 95 % of all moss species .
The Niangara free - tailed bat ( Mops niangarae ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae .
Synthetoceratini is an extinct tribe of the subfamily Synthetoceratinae within the family Protoceratidae belonging to the order Artiodactyla endemic to North America during the Miocene , living epoch 20.6 - -4.9 Ma , existing for approximately 15.7 million years .
Robbins 's yellow bat ( Scotophilus nucella ) is a species of vesper bat .
Spirostreptus is a genus of giant millipedes of the family Spirostreptidae .
The Ceylon krait or Sri Lankan krait ( Bungarus ceylonicus ) is a species of venomous elapid snake which is endemic to the island Sri Lanka , locally known as මුදු කරවලා ( mudu karawalaa ) .
Mesoniviridae is a member of the order Nidovirales , an order of + ssRNA viruses with animal hosts .
Recluzia is a genus of small to medium - sized pelagic or planktonic sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Janthinidae .
Percopsidae is a family of fish in the order Percopsiformes , with one extant genus with two species , both endemic to North America , and two known fossil genera .
Linderniaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Lamiales , which consists of about 13 genera and 195 species from worldwide , mainly in neotropics .
Heterochordariaceae is a brown algae family in the order Ralfsiales .
The Sclater 's whistler ( Pachycephala soror ) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family .
Harpactorini is a tribe of the Harpactorinae ( assassin bugs ) .
Syphonota geographica , or the geographic sea hare , is a species of sea slug or sea hare , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae , the sea hares .
Discoglypremna is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1911 .
Plentuisa vendia is a species of land snail in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Mecodema is a genus of ground beetle in the family Carabidae .
Lourembam Brojeshori Devi ( 1 January 1981 -- 21 July 2013 ) was an Indian judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Thomas Whalan ( born 13 January 1980 ) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , in the 2008 Summer Olympics and in the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Hilarión Osorio is a Paraguayan football forward who played for Paraguay in the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
In spite of the doubts concerning his physical condition , David Douillet was present in Sydney , Australia , for the opening ceremonies of the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Albert Bond Lambert ( December 6 , 1875 -- November 12 , 1946 ) was an American golfer who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1904 Summer Olympics .
Klaas Ooms ( 9 June 1917 - 17 January 1970 ) was a Dutch football forward who played for the Netherlands in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Guo Jie ( Chinese : 郭洁 ; pinyin : Guō Jié ; January 16 , 1912 -- November 15 , 2015 ) was a Chinese Olympic athlete who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , where he was eliminated before reaching the final of the men 's discus throw event .
Michael Metz ( born June 16 , 1964 ) is a former field hockey player from Germany , who won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea for West Germany .
Josef Puhm ( March 10 , 1877 -- July 1961 ) was an Austrian fencer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Luis del Cerro ( born 7 June 1924 ) is a Spanish former sport shooter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics , the 1972 Summer Olympics , the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Christine Keshen ( born February 6 , 1978 in Invermere , British Columbia ) is a Canadian curler from Invermere , British Columbia ) Keshen played lead for Team Canada , skipped by Shannon Kleibrink at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Phil Boyd ( June 5 , 1876 -- November 16 , 1967 ) was an Olympic rower who won a Silver Medal in the 1904 Summer Olympics .
Amos Biwott ( born 8 September 1947 ) is a former Kenyan long - distance runner , winner of the 3000 m steeplechase at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Bernadette Rauter ( born 8 August 1949 in Breitenwang ) is an Austrian former alpine skier who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and 1972 Winter Olympics .
Ibrahim Balla ( born 1 October 1990 in Werribee , Victoria ) is an amateur Albanian Australian boxer who competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi and has been selected for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the bantamweight division .
Wilfredo Maisonave Oriol ( born 17 September 1951 in Mayagüez , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican former long jumper who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Alexandru Turei ( born August 7 , 1952 in Cluj - Napoca ) is a former light flyweight Romanian boxer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Roman Wäger ( born February 20 , 1963 ) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey left winger who last played for Kloten Flyers in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at several international tournaments , including the 1988 Winter Olympics .
Raymond Mayers ( born 8 January 1960 ) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics , in the 1988 Summer Olympics , and in the 1992 Summer Olympics , avid bird watcher and stamp collector , enjoys model trains .
Janez Pleteršek ( born 19 June 1960 in Maribor ) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
Erik Joel Ramqvist ( July 13 , 1909 -- November 25 , 2001 ) was a Swedish canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Tervel Pulev is best known for winning a bronze medal for Men 's Boxing ( Heavyweight division 91 kg ) at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , United Kingdom .
Art Griffiths ( born 9 September 1924 ) is a Canadian former rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Jalal Keshmiri ( Persian : جلال کشمیری‎‎ ) , ( 25 March 1939 -- 6 February 1999 ) was an Iranian shot putter and discus thrower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Paulose Pandari Kunnel ( born May 21 , 1977 in Kannur , Kerala ) is an Indian rower that participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Wolfgang Nitschke ( born 3 March 1947 in Waldenburg , Saxony ) is a German former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Adam Mania ( born 31 August 1983 in Hickman , Nebraska ) is a swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece for Poland .
Stevan Pavlović ( 16 May 1926 -- 30 July 1998 ) was a Serbian long - distance runner who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Rudolf Kramer ( born 17 January 1886 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Ferenc Forgács ( also reported as Forgách , Slovak : František Faczinek , born September 25 , 1891 , date of death unknown ) was a track and field athlete who competed for Hungary in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Namgyal Lhamu ( born 5 April 1974 ) , is a archer who internationally represented Bhutan Lhamu competed for Bhutan at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , she finished 61st in the individual event , and the Bhutanese women 's team finished 17th .
Roman Kierpacz ( born 5 February 1961 in Siemianowice Śląskie ) is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Jules Keignaert ( June 15 , 1907 in Tourcoing -- May 26 , 1994 ) was a French water polo player , who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Nikolajs Švedrēvics ( January 18 , 1891 -- July 7 , 1937 ) was a Latvian track and field athlete who competed for the Russian Empire in the 1912 Summer Olympics , where he finished 20th in the javelin throw competition .
Izumi Fujii ( born 26 June 1959 ) is a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Nan Aye Khine ( Burmese : နန်အေးခိုင် ) born 19 September 1976 ) is a Burmese weightlifter who competed in the women 's 48 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Branimir Vujević ( born 29 November 1974 in Zadar ) is a Croatian rower who won a bronze medal in the eights competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Gary O'Shaughnessy is an Irish singer and musician who represented Ireland in Eurovision Song Contest 2001 with the song `` Without Your Love '' finishing 21st out of 23 entries .
Wu Chunlan ( Chinese : 吴纯兰 ; born 19 November 1972 ) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Michelle Despain Hoeger ( born November 5 , 1984 ) is an Argentine - American luge athlete who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Florin Mina ( July 3 , 1959 -- 2006 ) was a Romanian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Jürg Berger ( born February 5 , 1954 ) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey forward who last played for SCL Tigers in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1976 Winter Olympics .
Tereza Čapková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtɛrɛza ˈtʃapkovaː ) ; born 24 July 1987 in Příbram ) is a Czech track and field athlete who will compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Sebastião Amorim Gimenez known as Tião ( born 31 May 1925 ) is a Brazilian former basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Florence Chambers ( November 2 , 1907 -- September 27 , 1979 ) , later known by her married name Florence Newkirk , was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris .
Meghan Duggan ( born September 3 , 1987 ) is an American ice hockey forward who represented the United States at the 2010 Winter Olympics , winning a silver medal .
Shigehiro Takahashi ( born 15 June 1961 ) is a former Japanese swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Christian Bassemir ( born March 13 , 1956 ) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from West Germany , who was a member of the West German team that won the silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Valdemar Rodrigues Martíns , best known as Oreco , ( born in Santa Maria , Rio Grande do Sul , June 13 , 1932 -- April 3 , 1985 in Ituverava , São Paulo ) was an footballer who was on the winning team of the 1958 FIFA World Cup .
Richard Sheldon ( July 9 , 1878 - January 23 , 1935 ) was the winner of the gold medal in the men 's shot put at the 1900 Summer Olympics held in Paris , France .
Vlado & Isolda was a pop duo that represented Yugoslavia at the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 with the song `` Ciao , amore '' .
Henri Hurskainen ( born 13 September 1986 ) is a Swedish badminton player who competed for Sweden at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London .
Alfred Streun ( born June 17 , 1925 ) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey player who competed for the Swiss national team at the 1952 Winter Olympics .
Andrzej Pluciński ( November 13 , 1915 in Kraków -- August 27 , 1963 ) was a Polish basketball player , who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Cinzia Ragusa ( born May 24 , 1977 ) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , where she won a gold medal .
Darko Nišavić ( May 28 , 1952 in Zrenjanin -- May 9 , 2005 ) is a Serbian former wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics where he won 4th place and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Rudolf Bezděk ( born February 12 , 1916 ) is a boxer who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
George Arthur Miller ( 6 December 1867 -- 21 February 1935 ) , was a British polo player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics as a member of the British polo team Roehampton , which won the gold medal .
Ernst Paulus ( 3 January 1897 , in Marburg -- 12 September 1986 , in Reinickendorf ) was a German athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Estela Giménez Cid ( born 29 March 1979 in Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish former rhythmic gymnast who won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the group all - around event .
Kylie Cronk ( born 27 March 1984 in Toowoomba , Queensland ) is a softball player from Australia , who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Marek Garmulewicz ( born 22 January 1968 in Mozgawa ) is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Klavdija Koženkova ( née Korniuščenko , born March 22 , 1949 ) is a Lithuanian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Bárbara Malda Salinas ( born 12 May 1984 in Bilbao ) is a Spanish field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Marissa Carpadios ( born 30 December 1977 in Brisbane ) is a softball player from Australia , who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Jana Henke ( born 1 October 1973 in Löbau , Saxony ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Germany , who won the bronze medal in the 800 m freestyle at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Dan Bittman ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈdan ˈbitman ) ; born 29 March 1962 , Bucharest ) is a Romanian singer who represented the country at the Eurovision Song Contest 1994 and came 21st with 14 points .
Charles Cumont was a Belgian modern pentathlete who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Maria Maricich ( born March 30 , 1961 in Sun Valley , Idaho ) is a retired American alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
William MacKune ( born 6 August 1882 - died ? ) was a British gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Volodymyr Shatskykh ( born 2 July 1981 in Molodohvardiysk , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian former Olympic Greco - Roman wrestler who represented his country at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics .
Pafos FC will compete in the 2014 - -15 Cypriot Second Division , in their first season as a club .
Zhang Yafei ( born 15 September 1970 ) is a Chinese sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Flavia Zoccari ( born 1 November 1986 ) is an Italian swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Julio Lores Colán ( born 15 September 1908 - date of death unknown ) was a Peruvian - Mexican football forward who played for Peru in the 1930 FIFA World Cup and for Mexico .
Giancarlo Marocchi ( born 4 July 1965 in Imola ) is a former Italian footballer , who played as a central midfielder , representing Italy at the 1990 FIFA World Cup , where they finished in third place on home soil .
Pēteris Zeltiņš ( 14 July 1914 -- 9 November 1994 ) was a Latvian racewalker who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Andrej Kastelic ( born 6 April 1971 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Remigijus Valiulis ( born September 20 , 1958 in Šilutė , Lithuanian SSR ) was a Lithuanian athlete , gold medalist in the men 's 4x400 meter relay at the 1980 Summer Olympics for the Soviet Union .
Cameron Delaney ( born 25 November 1980 ) is an Australian former swimmer who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
María Belén Succi ( born 16 October 1985 ) is an Argentine field hockey goalkeeper who won the gold medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro and the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing with the national field hockey team .
Zaw Win Thet ( born 1 March 1991 in Kyonpyaw , Pathein District , Ayeyarwady Division , Myanmar ) is a Burmese runner who competed in the 400 m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Anzor Kiknadze ( Georgian : ანზორ კიკნაძე , Russian : Анзор Леванович Кикнадзе , 26 March 1934 -- 17 November 1977 ) was a Georgian judoka who won a bronze medal in the heavyweight division ( + 80 kg ) at the 1964 Summer Olympics .
George Ahlgren ( August 16 , 1928 -- December 30 , 1951 ) was an American rower who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Paweł Woźniak ( born March 5 , 1969 in Zielona Góra , Lubuskie ) is a former hurdler from Poland , who represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Tauno Ilmoniemi ( ne Granit ) ( 16 May 1893 -- 21 September 1934 ) was a Finnish gymnast and diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Rosario Parmegiani ( born March 12 , 1937 in Naples ) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Adolf Nilsen ( March 3 , 1895 -- October 1983 ) was a Norwegian - American rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Ryan Bedford ( born October 20 , 1986 in Yuma , Arizona ) is an American speed skater who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
On 19 November 2011 , Macedonian Radio Television invited Kaliopi to represent Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Alain Sarteur ( born 17 June 1946 in Plailly , Oise , France ) is a French former athlete who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Tatiana Shchegoleva is a Russian basketball player who competed for the Russian National Team at the 2008 Summer Olympics , winning the bronze medal .
Brian Field ( 15 December 1934 -- 27 April 1979 ) was a solicitor 's clerk who was one of the masterminds of the Great Train Robbery .
Thomas Domian ( born 5 July 1964 ) is a retired West German competition rower who won a gold medal in the coxed eights event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
John Henry Jonsson ( 12 May 1912 -- 9 March 2001 ) was a Swedish runner who won a bronze medal over 5000 m at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
5 by Monk by 5 is an album by jazz pianist Thelonious Monk , released in 1959 .
Sweet Surprise is a song by Annie Lennox , Chris & Cosey and Dave Stewart released in 1985 as a 7-inch through Rough Trade UK Records .
`` Burning Like a Flame '' is a song by American heavy metal band Dokken , released in 1987 on the album Back for the Attack .
U.S.C.H ! is the third studio album by the Finnish industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt .
Mercedes 5 and Dime is the third studio album released by the Canadian alternative rock band Moist .
Razorback Killers is the tenth album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors , released in 2011 .
Jesse Come Home is the ninth and final album by James Gang , released in 1976 .
`` Încă o noapte '' is a single by Romanian dance music group DJ Project and the most successful single on their Povestea mea album .
Estrellas del Caos is a 2006 album , of the Venezuelan Ska band Desorden Público .
Credit in Heaven is an album released by the American New wave band The Suburbs , released in 1981 .
Alle kleuren ( English : All Colours ) is the second studio album by the Belgian music trio K3 .
Bomb in a Birdcage is the second studio album by A Fine Frenzy , the stage name of American singer - songwriter Alison Sudol .
The End of Meaning is the sixth full - length album by industrial / hip hop artists Consolidated , which was released in 2000 .
Into the Plateau is the third studio album by Spanish alternative dance band Delorean , released in July 2006 by BCore .
`` Brother Rapp '' is a 1970 funk song written and performed by James Brown .
`` Hey Young Girl '' is the second single from Lloyd 's first studio album Southside .
`` Corazonado '' ( English : `` Presentiment '' ) is the sixth and last single from Ricky Martin 's album , Vuelve ( 1998 ) .
`` Ca n't Get Enough of Your Love , Babe '' is a song written , recorded , and produced by Barry White .
`` Do n't Upset the Rhythm ( Go Baby Go ) '' is the second single from the British band Noisettes ' second studio album , Wild Young Hearts ( 2009 ) .
`` It 's So Nice to Be Rich '' is a song by Swedish singer Agnetha Fältskog from the soundtrack to the 1983 Swedish movie P & B , starring Stellan Skarsgård , Allan Edwall and Lill Lindfors among others .
Little Cloud is the sixth studio album by Australian band The Whitlams , released by Black Yak through Warner in 2006 .
`` I 'm Your Captain ( Closer to Home ) '' is a 1970 song written by American musician Mark Farner and recorded by Grand Funk Railroad as the closing track to their album Closer to Home .
Soul Trombone is an album by American jazz trombonist Curtis Fuller featuring performances recorded in 1961 for the Impulse ! label .
Dat 's How It Happen to'M is the only album by Da Headbussaz , which consisted of Three 6 Mafia and Fiend .
`` Love Shoulda Brought You Home '' is the first solo single by American R&B singer Toni Braxton .
A Grand Night for Swinging is an album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label .
Walking Down Rainhill is ukulele artist Jake Shimabukuro 's third U.S. solo album .
When Heaven Comes to Town is the fourth album by composer C.W. Vrtacek , released in 1988 through RēR Megacorp .
Leslie ' 89 is a cantopop album by Leslie Cheung released in 1989 by Cinepoly Records of Hong Kong .
`` White and Black Blues '' was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 , performed in French ( with some words in English ) by Joëlle Ursull , from her album Black French .
In Blood We Trust is a studio album by the band Hypnos released in 2000 .
Just Feels Good is the second album by American country music duo Thompson Square .
Praise & Blame is the 39th studio album by Welsh musician Tom Jones , released 26 July 2010 .
`` White Walls '' is a song by an American hip hop duo Macklemore & Ryan Lewis , taken from their collaborative debut studio album The Heist ( 2012 ) .
`` Do n't Let This Moment End '' is a song by Gloria Estefan , released as the second single in the United States , the third in the United Kingdom , and her fourth globally , from her eighth album gloria!.
Sea Sew is the Mercury and Choice Music Prize - nominated solo debut album released by Lisa Hannigan .
The Dream Walker is the fifth studio album by alternative rock band Angels & Airwaves , released on December 9 , 2014 , through To the Stars Records .
Go This Way is the second full - length album by punk rock band Bomb Factory .
Anyone Can Fly is the title of the fourth solo album by Denny Laine .
The Infinite Order is the seventh studio album from Christian metal band Living Sacrifice released January 26 , 2010 .
Now , Diabolical is the sixth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon .
`` Would You ... ? '' is a song by British electronic / jazz band Touch and Go .
`` Wakamono no Subete '' is Fujifabric 's 10th single .
Facetious Folly Feat is the second full - length album by Shook Ones , released on 30 October 2006 by Revelation Records .
`` Love Chaser '' is the 1986 single released by the Swedish Hard rock band Europe .
Integrity , Technology & Service is the second studio album released by the garage rock band Gas Huffer .
Paperimiehen Tytär is the fifth studio album by Finnish singer Hanna Pakarinen , due for release in Finland by RCA on October 20 , 2010 .
60 Watt Silver Lining is the second solo album by American Music Club singer / songwriter Mark Eitzel .
Memory / Vision is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker 's Electro - Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label .
Nie do Poznania is the album of Polish punk rock band Abaddon .
`` Pull Shapes '' is a single from The Pipettes and was released on 3 July 2006 .
Machine Fucking Head Live is the second live album from the American heavy metal band Machine Head .
`` It 's Gon na Be '' is the third single by American singer Norah Jones from her fourth album , The Fall .
Punk in Drublic is the fifth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX .
Wenn alles richtig ist , dann stimmt was nich is the tenth studio album of German pop singer Nena .
`` The Wall Street Shuffle '' is a single by the British pop / rock band 10cc released in 1974 .
`` Doctor My Eyes '' is a 1972 song written and performed by Jackson Browne and included on his debut album Jackson Browne .
`` Shawty Get Loose '' is the third single from hip hop artist Lil Mama 's debut album , VYP :
Smack Smash is the fourth album from German band , Beatsteaks .
`` Episode.0 '' is the thirty - ninth single released by Japanese solo artist Gackt .
Out and About is an album by Cherish the Ladies that was released in 1993 on the Green Linnet label .
`` Playing with the Boys '' is a song by American singer - songwriter Kenny Loggins for the film Top Gun , featured in the volleyball scene toward the middle of the film prior to Maverick 's ( Tom Cruise ) dinner date with Charlie ( Kelly McGillis ) .
`` Every Rose Has Its Thorn '' is the title of a power ballad song by American glam metal band Poison .
Dictée / Liber Novus is an album by John Zorn which features two compositions :
Billie - Eve is the third studio album by Nigerian - German singer -- songwriter Ayọ .
`` When Love Comes to Town '' is the 12th song on U2 's 1988 album , Rattle and Hum , where it was recorded at the historic Sun Studio in Memphis as a duet between U2 and B.B. King .
Journal for Plague Lovers is the ninth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers , released in May 2009 by record label Columbia .
`` Four Little Diamonds '' is a song by the British rock music group Electric Light Orchestra ( ELO ) from their 1983 album Secret Messages .
Songs of Sinatra is a 2005 studio album by Steve Tyrell that has him singing his renditions of Frank Sinatra .
`` Do n't Believe Anymore '' is a single by Australian rock synthpop band , Icehouse .
Smokey Rolls Down Thunder Canyon is a Devendra Banhart album released September 25 , 2007 .
`` Damn ( Should 've Treated U Right ) '' is the title of a pop / R&B single by So Plush featuring Ja Rule .
Genesis Underground is the 2009 debut album of indie band Eye Alaska , released on July 7 , 2009 .
Bloudruk , the second studio album by Johannes Kerkorrel , was released in 1992 .
2:00 AM Paradise Cafe is the fourteenth album by singer - songwriter Barry Manilow .
`` We 're All No One '' is a song by Australian twin sisters Nervo featuring Dutch DJ and producer Afrojack and American DJ and producer Steve Aoki .
Spirit Bound Flesh ( 2001 ) is the first solo CD by Scott Kelly from Neurosis , consisting mostly of acoustic country / folk music influenced by Johnny Cash .
Howe Sounds / Taking Abalonia is a re - release of Said the Whale 's debut album Taking Abalonia along with seven new songs .
`` Around and Around '' is a 1958 rock song written and first recorded by Chuck Berry .
`` Shot by Both Sides '' is a song written by Howard Devoto and Pete Shelley , and performed by the English post - punk band Magazine .
`` Rule the World '' is a song by English pop band Take That .
Hunting My Dress is a 2009 album by Jesca Hoop , with most of the material written and recorded after the artist moved to Manchester , England .
`` Doggone Right '' is a 1969 single recorded by The Miracles ( aka Smokey Robinson & The Miracles ) for the Tamla label .
The New Scene is a 1966 studio album by Sarah Vaughan , arranged by Luchi de Jesus .
Michael Caine played Harry Palmer in three films based on the four published novels featuring this character , and also later in two films not based on Deighton 's novels .
`` Nann Nigga '' ( also known as `` Nann '' , which is the title of the song 's edited version ) is the first single from Trick Daddy 's second album , www.thug.com , released in 1998 .
The Rabbi Is Dead is a garage - punk , Jewish , punk rock album by bipolar outsider musician , Steve Lieberman , released right before his diagnosis of bone marrow cancer .
`` Summer Calling '' is the first effort released by Andain , also defining their debut to the trance scene .
`` I 've Got a Tiger By the Tail '' is a song made famous by country music band Buck Owens and the Buckaroos .
Songs I Heard ( 2001 ) is an album by Harry Connick , Jr , with his take on songs from movies he remembers watching as a child .
Sworn Allegiance is the seventh studio album by the Swedish death metal band , Unleashed .
Spirits Colliding is a 1995 album by Irish singer / songwriter Paul Brady , his seventh solo album .
La Luz del Ritmo ( `` The Light of Rhythm '' ) is the fifteenth album by Argentine ska band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs .
Jagged Thoughts is the third album by Oakland punk band American Steel .
`` Kylie Said to Jason '' was a 1989 single by The KLF , `` Kylie '' being Kylie Minogue and `` Jason '' being Jason Donovan , then stars in the popular Australian TV soap opera Neighbours .
Rengeteg is the fifth studio album by Hungarian Avant - garde metal band Thy Catafalque , to be released on 11 November 2011 in Europe and 10 January 2012 in North America .
`` Love 's Got a Hold on You '' is a song written by Carson Chamberlain , Jackson 's road manager , and Keith Stegall , his producer , and performed by American country music artist Alan Jackson .
From Nothing to One , released in 2002 , is the debut album by Swedish indie rock band The Perishers .
`` Someone Should Tell You '' was the second single taken from British R&B singer Lemar 's third album The Truth About Love .
Belle Affaire is the sixth studio album by the acid jazz group Tab Two .
`` Ooo La La La '' is a single by American R&B singer Teena Marie , which was released in 1988 and is featured on her album Naked to the World , released during the same year .
Lokikirja is a compilation album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish .
`` La Última Hora '' is a song and single by Gibraltarian Flamenco Metal band Breed 77 .
Between the Devil and Middle C is a 2006 album by Mark Mallman
`` They 're Here '' is a single from British band EMF from their second album Stigma .
Slow Motion Apocalypse is the second full - length album by the Experimental band Grotus .
Adorata is The Gutter Twins ' eight - song EP , released initially as an iTunes exclusive on September 2 , 2008 .
Eyes & Nines is the third studio album by American hardcore punk band Trash Talk .
`` What in the World '' is a song by David Bowie released on his 1977 album Low , later making appearances as repertoire in the 1978 world tour as well as other major tours .
`` Mama Sang a Song '' is a country music song written and recorded by Bill Anderson .
`` Sæglópur '' ( Icelandic for `` lost at sea '' or `` lost seafarer '' ) is a song by Sigur Rós , released in 2006 as a single from the 2005 album Takk ....
A Complete Demonstration is a compilation of early demo tracks by the band VAST .
Angels Fall First is the debut studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish .
`` Crushed by the Wheels of Industry '' is the last single of 1983 from synthpop trio Heaven 17 which appeared on the album The Luxury Gap .
Beautiful Sharks is the second album by Australian band Something for Kate , released in 1999 .
Terra Deflorata was an album by Czesław Niemen released in 1989 and re - released in 1991 on CD as Extended Version .
Emotional Rescue is the 15th British and 17th American studio album by The Rolling Stones , released in 1980 .
Weeping Nights is the third album by neoclassical band Elend .
Miss Mujerzuela is the third album of the Venezuelan Latin Rock group Caramelos de Cianuro .
Buck the Odds is the ninth album of Finnish hard rock band Peer Günt released in 2009
`` Little Egypt ( Ying - Yang ) '' is a song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller and was recorded by The Coasters for their 1962 album , Coast Along with the Coasters .
`` Radio Nowhere '' is the first single released from Bruce Springsteen 's 2007 studio album Magic .
`` Wear My Ring Around Your Neck '' is a song written by Bert Carroll and Russell Moody , performed by Elvis Presley , which was released in 1958 .
The Pariah , the Parrot , the Delusion is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Dredg , released on June 9 , 2009 , on Ohlone Recordings .
Hopes and Fears is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band Keane .
And We Are Bled of Color was the second full length album from the band Stutterfly .
Clash of the Elements Is the third studio album of Swedish metal band The Poodles , released 20 May 2009 .
`` Higher Love '' is a 1986 song by English singer Steve Winwood .
`` Put Your Hearts Up '' is the debut single by American singer Ariana Grande .
I Never Said Goodbye is a Sammy Hagar solo album , his only solo album released while he was a member of Van Halen .
The First Seven Inches is the first EP released by punk band Sloppy Seconds .
26 Years is the ninth studio album by punk rock band The Lurkers .
`` Somebody to Die For '' is the third single by British duo Hurts from their second studio album `` Exile '' , released on 21 July 2013 .
Crash Test 02 is the second and final album by Italian band Bloom 06 .
The Immunity Zone is the fourth full - length album by progressive metal band Andromeda .
Sounding the Seventh Trumpet is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold , released on January 31 , 2001 by Good Life Recordings , and re - released by Hopeless Records on March 19 , 2002 , featuring slightly different cover art . The album was recorded in November 2000 at Westbeach Recorders in California .
Chairmen of the Bored is the second album by crunk rap group Lord T & Eloise , released in 2008 by Young Avenue Records .
Sound Suggestions is an album by the American jazz saxophonist George Adams recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label .
Silver Seed is a CD released by the folk - rock band ThaMuseMeant in 2004 .
Yeah Ghost is the fourth studio album by Zero 7 , released in September 2009 .
Electronic Earth is the debut studio album by English recording arist Labrinth released April 2012 , via Syco Music .
`` Do I Have to Say the Words ? '' is a song written by Canadian artist Bryan Adams , Robert Lange and Jim Vallance for Adams sixth studio album Waking Up the Neighbours ( 1991 ) .
This Bliss is the second album by the German minimal techno artist Pantha du Prince .
Mode for Joe is the fifth studio album by American jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson , recorded and released in 1966 .
Hearts and Bones is the sixth solo studio album by Paul Simon .
Previously Unreleased is a 1982 album by the English guitarist Larry Wallis , released under the name Pink Fairies .
Argises ( You Were Late ) is the last album released by popular Greek singer , Irini Merkouri .
This Conversation Is Ending Starting Right Now is the third full length album by indie rock / emo band Knapsack .
Tic&Tac is the eight album of the Jazz fusion band Area and was released in 1980 .
Jag är ett bedårande barn av min tid or Han är ett bedårande barn av sin tid is a song with lyrics by Karl Gerhard and music by Jules Sylvain .
The Carnage Ending is a tenth studio album by Dutch death metal band Sinister .
`` Tu trouveras '' ( English translation : `` You Will Find '' ) is the name of a 2002 song recorded by the Canadian singer Natasha St - Pier , composed by Pascal Obispo and written by Lionel Florence .
Live 04 is a live album released by German electronica group Mouse on Mars .
Deus Deceptor is the first full - length album by the Swedish Death metal band NonExist .
`` Sweet like Chocolate '' is a song by British garage music duo Shanks & Bigfoot with vocalist Sharon Woolf .
Cello Moods is an album recorded by the British cellist Julian Lloyd Webber and , principally , the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in 1998 for Philips .
Goldfly is an album by the rock band Guster , released in 1997 .
`` I Am Not My Hair '' is a song by American soul and R&B singer -- songwriter India . Arie from her third studio album , Testimony :
Forever Malcolm Young is the title of the 2006 album by the Australian punk band Frenzal Rhomb .
Night Falls Over Kortedala is the second full - length release by Swedish indie pop singer Jens Lekman .
Wait for Night is an album by Australian singer - songwriter Rick Springfield .
`` The Dark of the Matinée '' ( also known simply as `` Matinée '' ) is a song by Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand .
Killing Katie is the second album by the punk band Link 80 .
`` Sorti de L'enfer '' is a song by the Danish dance - pop duo Infernal ( at the time a trio ) .
`` Lying from You '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park , released on March 16 , 2004 .
Roll ' Em Bags is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1949 and 1956 and released on the Savoy label .
`` Kiss Away the Pain '' is a song by American R&B singer Patti LaBelle that features saxophonist George Howard .
Ya Bent El - Eih is Tamer Hosny 's third full length studio album , released in March 2007 .
Tropic of Scorpio is the debut studio album of American post - hardcore / indie rock band Girls Against Boys , released on December 2 , 1992 by Adult Swim Records .
This Little Bird is the fourth studio album by Allison Crowe to be released on her independent label , Rubenesque Records Ltd. Overall , it 's the fifth album release from the Canadian singer - songwriter -- following Crowe 's double - CD Live at Wood Hall album of 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) .
New Forms is the debut album by the drum and bass act Roni Size / Reprazent and was released in 1997 .
Apocalypshit is a 1999 album by the Mexican band Molotov produced by Mario Caldato , Jr ..
Lovework , is the critically acclaimed debut Hiphop album by Gabriel Teodros , released February 27 , 2007 on MassLine Media .
You Ca n't Fight Fashion is the final major - label album by the rock band Michael Stanley Band .
`` You Never Even Called Me by My Name '' is a song written by Steve Goodman and John Prine , and recorded by country music singer David Allan Coe .
Independent 's Day is the third studio album by Detroit rapper Royce da 5'9 `` , released on June 28 , 2005 through M.I.C Records .
`` At the Sound of the Tone '' is a song written by Dave Richardson and Max T. Barnes , and recorded by American country music artist and actor John Schneider .
Love That Music is the 2009 debut album by the South African recording artist Timothy Moloi .
The Global Warming Tour was a concert tour by American hard rock band Aerosmith that so far has included 67 concert performances across North America , Oceania , Asia and Latin America .
In the 2002 film Queen of the Damned , Khayman is portrayed by Bruce Spence .
T.I.M.E. ( The Inner Mind 's Eye ) is the second and final studio album from Long Island hip hop group Leaders of the New School .
Water and Lights is the fifth album by the jazz pianist Paul Hanmer .
Blues on the Bayou is the thirty sixth studio album by B. B. King , released in 1998 .
`` Dansa pausa '' is single by Swedish multi - ethnic group Panetoz .
Tony Sings the Great Hits of Today ! is a 1970 album by American classic pop and jazz singer Tony Bennett .
`` It Ai n't Hard to Tell '' is the second single and last track from the debut album Illmatic by the rapper Nas .
Hollywood Hero , released as Western Culture in the UK , is an album by punk band Sham 69 .
The Age of Octeen is the second studio album by American emo band Braid , released September 7 , 1996 on Mud Records .
Bumper to Bumper is the second studio album from San Francisco , California , USA , alternative rock band Stroke 9 .
Forever Tel Aviv ( US version ) is a double CD mixed album from popular Israeli DJ and producer Offer Nissim .
`` Cameo Lover '' is a song by New Zealand singer - songwriter and guitarist Kimbra from her debut studio album , Vows .
Still Small is the second full - length album recorded by the Colorado - based power pop band Yellow Second , released November 2 , 2002 by Urban Achiever Records .
Reinkaos ( stylised as REINKAΩS ) is the third and final studio album by Swedish black / melodic death metal band Dissection .
The Age of Quarrel is the first album from the New York hardcore band Cro - Mags .
Firebird V11 is a studio album by Phil Manzanera , guitarist of rock band Roxy Music .
`` Ever Blazin ' '' was released as the second international single from Sean Paul 's third studio album The Trinity .
Vem vet is a song written and recorded by Lisa Ekdahl , who also wrote lyrics and music .
St. Marxmen is a mixtape by M.O.P ..
Live in Ottawa is a posthumous live album by The Jimi Hendrix Experience , released on October 23 , 2001 by Dagger Records .
My Winter Storm is the second solo album by Finnish singer Tarja Turunen , and the first to consist mainly of new and original songs specifically written by or for Turunen .
`` It Ai n't My Fault '' is the second single released from rapper Silkk the Shocker 's second album , Charge It 2 da Game .
As the Angels Reach the Beauty is the second studio album by the Melodic Black Metal band Graveworm , released on 26 September 1999 through Serenades Records .
`` Softly to Fallen '' is the title of a song and included as the A - side of a 7 `` single by the British band Palm Springs .
`` Do n't Wanna Live Inside Myself '' is a ballad written and sung by Barry Gibb , and released on the Bee Gees ' album Trafalgar in 1971 , and the second single released on the album .
Breaking Point - B - sides 2011 - 2015 is a compilation album by the Swedish metal band Amaranthe , released on October 30th , 2015 .
`` Meet on the Ledge '' was a song released in 1968 by the English folk rock and electric folk band Fairport Convention .
`` You Said No '' ( also known by its original title , `` Crash and Burn '' ) is a song by English pop punk band Busted .
Cuidaré de Ti ( English : I 'll Take Care of You ) is the fifth studio album of the Colombian christian singer , Alex Campos , released on July 29 , 2008 by CanZion Group LP .
No Good for No One Now is the second studio album by Owen released on November 19 , 2002 .
Dark Matter Dimensions is the fourth full - length studio album by Swedish metal band Scar Symmetry .
Like Red on a Rose is the fourteenth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson .
`` Rage to Love '' is the third and final single from Teases & Dares , the fourth studio album by Kim Wilde .
`` Somebody Put Something in My Drink '' is a song by the Ramones from their 1986 album Animal Boy .
Lights of Endangered Species is the fifth studio album by Matthew Good , released on May 31 , 2011 .
Dual Committee is an album by 3X Krazy members Keak da Sneak and Agerman under the name Dual Committee .
Gladys ' Leap is a folk rock album by Fairport Convention originally released in August 1985 .
Coconuts , Plenty of Junk Food is an EP by CocoRosie , released on June 3 , 2009 .
Trees Outside the Academy is an alternative rock album by American musician Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth .
Cat Scratch Fever ( 1977 ) is the third studio album by American guitarist and singer - songwriter Ted Nugent and his band , as well as the name of the album 's title song .
`` Foe tha Love of $ '' is the second single by Bone Thugs - n - Harmony , featuring Eazy - E , from their debut album , Creepin on ah Come Up .
Bible of Dreams is the fourth album released by the multi - genre encompassing trance group Juno Reactor .
Omega Wave is the title of Forbidden 's fifth studio album , released on 22 October 2010 .
Ulual Yyy is the third full - length album by Finnish folk musician Islaja , released on Fonal in 2007 .
`` Ready ? '' is Tomoko Kawase 's third single as Tommy heavenly6 .
Time the Conqueror is the 13th studio album by rock musician Jackson Browne .
Disco Extravaganza is the first studio album by the Swedish pop group Army of Lovers , released in 1990 .
`` Only God Knows Why '' is a country rock ballad recorded by Kid Rock in 1998 on his album Devil Without a Cause .
`` The Fact Is ( I Need You ) '' is a song by American R&B / soul singer / actress Jill Scott .
Busy Body is the third studio album by American R&B singer - songwriter Luther Vandross , released in 1983 ( see 1983 in music ) .
The World Can Wait is the first full length album by rock music group 67 Special , and third release overall after their two earlier EP releases .
Second Grade Awakening is a 2004 album by folk singer John Craigie .
Fresh Donuts is the first album / promo sampler by the Giant Panda .
White Faced Lady is an album by UK band Kaleidoscope ( who by this time were calling themselves Fairfield Parlour ) .
Arwut Lab ( Secret Weapons ) is the second studio album of Christina Aguilar - a very popular Thai artist .
This Note 's for You is the seventeenth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young , released on April 11 , 1988 on Reprise .
`` Not a Bad Thing '' is a song recorded by American singer - songwriter Justin Timberlake for his fourth studio album , The 20/20 Experience -- 2 of 2 ( 2013 ) .
Dream This is the debut album from Joe 90 , released on Adam Duritz of Counting Crows 's label E Pluribus Unum through Geffen .
They Said a Storm Was Coming is the second studio album by American post - hardcore band Jamie 's Elsewhere , released on February 16 , 2010 .
The Video Show ( aka The Cinema Show : A Video anthology ) is a DVD by British band Genesis containing music videos produced between 1976 and 1999 .
Comin ' Thru is the seventh album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service .
Goin' Through Changes is the second and thus far final album by Zumpano .
Matters of the Dark is the sixth studio album , their third with singer Urban breed , by the Swedish heavy metal band Tad Morose .
ExtendedancEPlay is a studio 12 `` EP by British rock band Dire Straits , released on 10 January 1983 by Vertigo Records internationally , and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States .
`` Show Me Your Soul '' is a song by the funk rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers that was recorded in 1990 and produced by John Norwood Fisher of Fishbone .
Elegiac Cycle is a 1999 piano solo album by Brad Mehldau .
Blues for Easy Livers is an album by blues vocalist Jimmy Witherspoon which was recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label .
`` Hurt Lovers '' is a song recorded by English boy band Blue for their fourth studio album , Roulette ( 2013 ) .
`` Clock Strikes '' is a hip hop song by hip - hop duo Timbaland & Magoo , released as the third single from their debut studio album , Welcome to Our World , on April 14 , 1998 .
Wasting the Dawn is the fourth studio album by The 69 Eyes , released in 1999 , produced by Gaga Goodies / Poko Rekords .
Kozmic Blues is a song from Janis Joplin 's I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama ! album , her first after departing the Big Brother and the Holding Company .
In Love with Detail is the debut album by Delorentos released on 21 April 2007 .
`` Hello Mary Lou '' is a song written by U.S. singer Gene Pitney and Cayet Mangiaracina , first recorded by Johnny Duncan in 1960 , and later by Ricky Nelson in 1961 .
Sve što vidim je prvi put ( Everything I See Is For The First Time ) is the debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Repetitor released by the Odličan Hrčak independent record label in 2008 .
At Crooked Lake is a 1972 album released by the group Crazy Horse .
The Warrior 's Code is the fifth studio album by the Irish - American Celtic punk band , the Dropkick Murphys .
Disco Boy is a single composed by musician Frank Zappa from his 1976 album Zoot Allures .
Big Dogz is the twenty - second album by the Scottish rock band Nazareth , released in April 2011 .
One Inch Masters is the third full - length album by the garage rock band Gas Huffer .
El derecho de vivir en paz ( The right to live in peace ) is an album by Víctor Jara released in 1971 .
`` Achilles Last Stand '' is a song by the English rock group Led Zeppelin , featured as the opening track on their 1976 album Presence .
`` Little Bones '' is the first single by The Tragically Hip from the band 's second studio album , Road Apples .
`` Being Boiled '' is a song by the British synthpop band The Human League .
Projects in the Jungle is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Pantera , released on July 27 , 1984 by Metal Magic Records .
Funambola is an album of the Italian singer Patrizia Laquidara , released in 2007 by Ponderosa Music&Art .
`` Like a Rose '' is a song by British - Norwegian boy band A1 , released as the fourth single from their debut album , Here We Come .
`` Last Caress / Green Hell '' is Metallica 's 1987 cover version of the Misfits songs `` Last Caress '' and `` Green Hell '' , released on Metallica 's The $ 5.98 E.P. :
Spell Eater is the debut album by Highland Park , California heavy metal band Huntress .
Våre demoner ( English : Our Demons ) is the fifth studio album by Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra .
`` Qualcosa che non c'è '' is the fourth single from the Greatest Hits by the Italian singer Elisa , Soundtrack ' 96-'06 .
Things Are Swingin ' is a 1959 album ( see 1959 in music ) by Peggy Lee , arranged and conducted by Jack Marshall .
`` La differenza tra me e te '' is a pop song written by Italian pop singer Tiziano Ferro .
`` Green Tambourine '' is a song about busking , written and composed by Paul Leka ( who also produced it ) and Shelly Pinz , that was the primary hit by the 1960s Ohio - based rock group The Lemon Pipers , as well as the title track to their debut - album Green Tambourine .
`` In Private '' was the third single in a row to be a charting success for British singer Dusty Springfield , after nearly two decades of little chart success .
Jack Orion is the third album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch , released in 1966 .
City of Fear is the fourth album by FM , a progressive rock group from Toronto , Canada , released in 1980 on Passport Records and distributed in Canada by Capitol Records , catalogue number PB-2028 , and in the USA on Passport distributed by Jem Records , catalogue number PB-6004 .
`` Crescent City Blues '' is a song written by composer Gordon Jenkins and sung by Beverly Mahr , and released on his Seven Dreams album in 1953 .
`` Voici les clés '' is a track performed in French by Gérard Lenorman and released in Europe in 1976 .
`` Youth Against Fascism '' was the second single from Sonic Youth 's 1992 album Dirty .
`` Prophet ( Better Watch It ) '' is the debut single released by British hip hop duo Rizzle Kicks , from their debut studio album , Stereo Typical .
Hit Kit is a greatest - hits compilation by American singer - songwriter Sam Cooke .
The Swingin 's Mutual ! is an album by the George Shearing quintet , accompanied by the vocalist Nancy Wilson .
Deathhammer is the eighth studio album by Dutch death / doom band Asphyx .
For the Bleeders is an album by metalcore / hardcore band Vision of Disorder .
`` An Angel '' is a 1994 song written and recorded by The Kelly Family .
`` Do n't Stand So Close to Me '' is a 1980 song and hit single by the British rock band The Police .
Feeling Fine is a 2010 single release by Scottish recording artist Alex Gardner , released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on September 27 , 2010 .
`` The End of the Dream / Rouge '' is the sixteenth single by Japanese rock band Luna Sea , released on December 12 , 2012 .
Essence ordinaire is a studio album from French rock group Zebda , released in 1998 .
Punkgasm is the sixth studio album by Don Caballero , a Pittsburgh - based math rock band .
`` Whateva Man '' is the second single released for Redman 's third album , Muddy Waters .
`` Le Téléphone Pleure '' was a 1974 hit single by French artist Claude François .
English Settlement is the fifth studio album by the English band XTC , released on 12 February 1982 .
Do You Know the Way ? is the final album by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1968 and released on the Milestone label .
Die Nacht der Seele ( subtitled `` Tantric Songs '' ) is the twelfth album by Popol Vuh .
`` Candy and a Currant Bun '' was the B - side to Pink Floyd 's first single , Arnold Layne .
`` Bring the Rain '' is a song written and performed Christian rock band MercyMe .
No Hiding from the Blackbird is the fourth release by Current 93 , and is a 7 `` split record with Nurse With Wound .
The Soul Society is the debut album by bassist and cellist Sam Jones featuring performances recorded in early 1960 and originally released on the Riverside label .
Unglamorous is the first major label debut album from country / folk singer Lori McKenna .
Right Thoughts , Right Words , Right Action ( also known simply as Right Action ) is the fourth studio album by Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand .
Todo Va a Cambiar ( English : Everything Is Going to Change ) is the second album of the Spanish boy band and 2007 representatives of the Eurovision Song Contest D'Nash , previously known as Nash .
We Came for the Dead ! ! ! is Ghoul 's debut album .
`` I Wo n't Give Up on You '' is a song by the group TKA from their 1990 second album Louder Than Love .
Live Magic is a live compilation album by British rock band Queen .
100 % Fun is the fifth album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet .
Narrgnistor och transkriptioner ( English : Foolishnesses and transcriptions ) is album by Cornelis Vreeswijk from 1976 .
Portrait of Carmen is a 1968 studio album by Carmen McRae , with arrangements by Oliver Nelson , Shorty Rogers , Benny Carter and Gene Di Novi .
Raw Velvet is the second solo album by American songwriter and musician Bobby Whitlock , released in 1972 .
Busy Bee Cafe is the second solo album of country singer Marty Stuart .
`` Pretty Flamingo '' is a song written by Mark Barkan , which became a hit in 1966 when Manfred Mann 's recording of it was released as a single .
500 dagar om året ( 500 days a year ) is the 20th studio album by studio album by Swedish singer / songwriter Tomas Ledin , released in June 2009 .
Who 's Gon na Go Your Crooked Mile ? is a compilation album by American singer - songwriter Peter Case , released in 2004 .
Trey Atwood is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C. , portrayed by Bradley Stryker during season one and by Logan Marshall - Green from season two onward .
`` Am I Forgiven '' is a song by British female singer - songwriter Rumer .
Heartbeat Radio is the fifth album by Norwegian singer - songwriter and guitarist Sondre Lerche .
Playing God and Other Short Stories is the seventh studio album by Israeli death metal band Salem , released on April 3 , 2010 .
Schoolyard Ghosts is the name of the sixth studio album by British art rock band No - Man .
The Crackup Suite is a mini - album by Carbon / Silicon and their third official release , put out on March 9 , 2007 ( see 2007 in music ) .
The Last Tour on Earth is a live album comprising recordings from Marilyn Manson 's Mechanical Animals Tour , Beautiful Monsters Tour and Rock is Dead Tour .
One More Try for Love is the sixteenth studio album by country music artist Ronnie Milsap .
`` Working on the Highway '' is a 1984 song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen .
Bez limitu ( English : No Limit ) is the eighth studio album by Polish group 2 Plus 1 , released in 1983 by Tonpress .
R.E.O./T.W.O. is the second studio album released by the Illinois - based rock band REO Speedwagon , released in 1972 .
`` More Bounce to the Ounce '' is a song performed by American funk band Zapp .
Pain in My Heart is the debut album of soul singer - songwriter Otis Redding .
`` Same Ol' Shit '' , sometimes censored as `` Same Ol' '' , is the first single released from MC Ren 's debut soloalbum , Shock of the Hour .
`` I Ai n't No Joke '' is a song by rap duo Eric B. & Rakim , released as the second single from their debut studio album Paid in Full .
High Ceilings & Collarbones is the debut studio album by Spanish singer , songwriter and musician Juan Zelada .
Against da Grain is the debut album by southern rap duo YoungBloodZ.
`` Black Horse and the Cherry Tree '' ( commonly written with an ampersand ) is a song by Scottish singer - songwriter KT Tunstall and is featured on her debut album , Eye to the Telescope .
' 4:AM ' is the first single to come from Tim Scott 's debut album Bald on the Inside released for download on 30 November 2009 .
( if ) is the 9th album by the music group Diary of Dreams .
From the Mars Hotel is the seventh studio album by the Grateful Dead .
Self Preserved While the Bodies Float Up is the fourth and final full - length studio album by the progressive rock band Oceansize .
The Electromancer is the second solo album released by Daisuke Asakura on July 21 , 1995 , and the first solo album released by Asakura after his departure from the popular J - pop group access .
Summer Soft is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1977 and released on the Impulse ! label in 1978 .
`` Disco Heaven '' is s song from former Frankie Goes to Hollywood singer Holly Johnson , released as the lead single from his 1999 album Soulstream .
`` What Difference Does It Make ? '' is a 1984 single by British band The Smiths .
Joe 's Domage is an album featuring music by Frank Zappa , posthumously released on October 1 , 2004 .
`` Your Smile '' is a 1986 R&B / Soul single from American singing duo René & Angela .
Omnio is the second full - length album by Norwegian avant - garde metal band In the Woods ...
`` Devuélveme a mi chica '' is a song by the Spanish pop rock band , Hombres G. It originally appeared on their debut album , Hombres G ( 1985 ) .
Chains Around My Heart was a single by American singer songwriter Richard Marx , which was the last track of his 3rd studio album Rush Street .
`` Stop By '' was a single released in 1997 by American Neo soul singer Rahsaan Patterson .
Look at the Fool is the ninth and last album by singer - songwriter Tim Buckley before his death in 1975 .
`` Robin ( The Hooded Man ) '' is the first single released by Irish group Clannad from their 1984 album Legend .
X - Dreams was the third album by Annette Peacock , and was released in 1978 .
A Single Sky is the 30th album by Dave Douglas .
We Are The Greatest / I Was Made For Lovin' You is a double A - side single release from the German group Scooter .
`` S.E.X. '' is the first single by Lyfe Jennings from his second album The Phoenix .
`` I 'm Gon na Love You Just a Little More Baby '' is a song written , produced and recorded by Barry White .
Saxophonic is the seventh studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz .
The Stage Names is the fourth full - length studio album by American indie rock band Okkervil River , released on August 7 , 2007 .
Mera Me Ti Mera ( Greek : Μέρα με τη μέρα ; English : Day by Day ) or Opa Opa ( in Scandinavia ) is an album by Greek musical group Antique .
The Scroll and Its Combinations is the third studio album by the American rock band Wellwater Conspiracy .
`` Not Over Yet '' is a song by Grace , released as a single in 1995 peaking in the UK Singles Chart at # 6 and topping the Hot Dance Music / Club Play chart in the United States .
A Mark , a Mission , a Brand , a Scar is the third studio album recorded by the band Dashboard Confessional .
`` Zehn kleine Jägermeister '' ( German : Ten little hunters / Jägermeisters ) is a song by German punk rock group Die Toten Hosen .
`` The Death of You and Me '' is a song and debut single by the English rock band Noel Gallagher 's High Flying Birds .
Ruthless by Law is the second album by the RBL Posse .
Go USA ! is the fifth album of Japanese band Electric Eel Shock and was released in 2005 in the USA .
The Return of the 5000 Lb . Man is an album by jazz multi - instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk .
`` All in the Way '' is a song by the band Earth , Wind & Fire featuring The Emotions which was written by Wayne Vaughn , Wanda Vaughn , Wendi Vaughn and Maurice White .
Let 's Get to It is the fourth studio album by Australian singer - songwriter Kylie Minogue , released on 14 October 1991 by PWL Records .
Live at Montreaux Jazz Festival 2001 is an album by Burning Spear recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival .
Eu Sou Todos Nós is the fourteenth studio album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho .
`` We 'll Be Fine '' is a song by Canadian recording artist Drake featuring American rapper Birdman from his second studio album Take Care ( 2011 ) .
Norrøn ( Norse ) is the fifth full - length album by the Norwegian Viking metal band Einherjer and the first after the band reunited .
`` Just Ask Me To '' is a song by American R&B Singer Tevin Campbell .
`` Oh Baby Do n't You Weep '' is a song recorded in 1964 by James Brown and The Famous Flames .
The No . 6 Dance is the third album by blues band Five Horse Johnson .
The Human Contradiction is the fourth studio album by the Dutch symphonic metal band Delain .
Being Who You Are was released on 23 March 2005 and is an album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson .
`` The Dicks Hate the Police '' ( usually shortened to `` Hate the Police '' ) is the debut release and 7 `` single from the American hardcore punk band The Dicks , released in 1980 .
Six Views of the Blues is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1958 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1999 .
Photos of Ghosts is the first English language album by the Italian progressive rock band Premiata Forneria Marconi , also known as `` PFM '' .
Live Dates 2 is the second live album by rock band Wishbone Ash .
Hearts on the Line is an album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers , released in 1981 .
The `` Do n't Eat the Yellow Snow Suite '' is made up of the first four tracks of Frank Zappa 's album Apostrophe ( ' ) : `` Do n't Eat the Yellow Snow '' , `` Nanook Rubs It '' , `` St. Alfonzo 's Pancake Breakfast '' , and `` Father O'Blivion . ''
Nuestro Destino Estaba Escrito ( Eng . : Our Destiny Was Written ) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Intocable .
Sense of Occasion is a studio album by British folk - rock veterans Fairport Convention , released in February 2007 .
`` Gyöngyhajú lány '' ( The girl with pearly hair ) is a song by Hungarian rock band Omega .
Goodnight , Bull Creek ! is the third studio album by Australian rock musician Kevin Mitchell , under his pseudonym Bob Evans .
Live at the Acropolis is the first live album by Yanni .
My Brain Says Stop , But My Heart Says Go ! , is the fourth studio by Canadian pop punk band FM Static .
`` Bursting Through '' is a song by New Zealand artist Bic Runga , released as her first single in September 1996 .
Live at Sturgis is a live album by the southern rock band 38 Special , released in 1999 .
The Hard Stuff is a studio album by George Thorogood & The Destroyers .
Along the Red Ledge is the seventh studio album by Hall & Oates , released in 1978 .
Soul in the Night is an album by saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Bunky Green recorded in Chicago in 1966 and released on the Cadet label .
Todo esto es muy extraño is the ninth album recorded by Spanish rock band Hombres G , released in 2005 .
`` Stupid Cupid '' is a song written by Howard Greenfield and Neil Sedaka which became a hit for Connie Francis in 1958 .
`` Lolli Lolli ( Pop That Body ) '' is the official first single by Three 6 Mafia from their studio album Last 2 Walk .
`` Unravel '' is the third song on the album Homogenic by Björk , which was released in 1997 .
Great Love Themes is an album recorded in April 1966 by jazz saxophonist Julian Edwin `` Cannonball '' Adderley .
Od bižuterije do ćilibara ( trans . From Bijouterie to Amber ) is the sixth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori , released in 1997 .
Favorite Fix is the debut full - length album by American power pop band Artist vs. Poet , which was released on March 2 , 2010 .
`` Hey Baby ( After the Club ) '' is a song by Ashanti initially intended as the first U.S. single from her fourth studio album , The Declaration ( 2008 ) , although it is not included on U.S. editions of the album .
If We Put Our Heads Together is a 1969 vocal duet studio album by the American country singer - songwriters , Loretta Lynn and Ernest Tubb .
Pecado Original ( English Original Sin ) is the 3rd studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel .
Dear Miss Lonelyhearts is the fourth studio album by American indie rock band Cold War Kids .
`` Party Starter '' is the second single released from Will Smith 's album Lost & Found .
Demo 98 is the first demo and release by the Blackened death metal band Crionics .
`` Mama ( Loves a Crackhead ) '' is the fourth single by British rapper and songwriter Plan B , taken from his debut album Who Needs Actions When You Got Words , which was released two weeks prior to the single .
From the Depths of My Soul is an album by American vocalist Marlena Shaw recorded in 1973 and released on the Blue Note label .
Tears of Mortal Solitude is the first full - length album by the Russian symphonic black / doom / Gothic metal band Forest Stream .
Un'altra direzione ( English : Another Direction ) is the tenth studio album by Italian singer - songwriter Nek .
Warabe is the eighth original album by Japan - based Kodo .
Dreams Like Deserts is the debut EP by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir .
`` DJ Culture '' is the first single released by British electronic music group Pet Shop Boys from their singles collection album Discography :
`` You Know You 're Right '' is a song by the American grunge rock band Nirvana .
`` Coz I Luv You '' is a song by British band Slade , written by Noddy Holder and Jim Lea and produced by Chas Chandler .
`` La solitudine '' ( English : Loneliness ) is an Italian ballad recorded by pop singer Laura Pausini and released as her debut single by CGD in February 1993 .
`` ( Marie 's the Name ) His Latest Flame '' is a song recorded in a hit version by Elvis Presley and published by Elvis Presley Music in 1961 .
New Moon Daughter is a studio album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson , released in 1995 on Blue Note .
20 Disco Greats / 20 Love Songs is a double album released by British pop group Brotherhood of Man which was released as two separate albums , but sold together as a ' buy one get one free ' package , as was the popular trend at the time .
`` Real Voice '' is the third single from female Japanese artist , Ayaka .
`` Darkest Hours '' is a single by power metal band Stratovarius , released on November 24 , 2010 through Edel Music ( Finland ) and on November 26 , 2010 through Victor Entertainment ( Japan and worldwide ) .
The All American Rejects music video for `` The Wind Blows '' was directed by Rich Lee and shot between March 30 and 31 , 2009 in Malibu , California and was released a month later on April 27 .
Urban Romantic ( typeset as URBAN ROMANTIC ) is J - Pop singer Rie fu 's fourth album , released April 8 , 2009 .
Whose Garden Was This is the third album by American singer - songwriter John Denver , consisting mainly of cover songs .
`` Besos de Amor '' ( English : Kisses of Love ) is the lead single from Flex 's third studio album Romantic Style Parte 3 :
Dans Et ( Dance ! ) is the fifth studio album by Turkish pop singer Demet Akalın released on 1 March 2008 in Turkey through Seyhan Müzik .
`` Ai n't No Woman ( Like the One I 've Got ) '' is a 1973 hit single written by Dennis Lambert and Brian Potter , released as a single by the Four Tops on the ABC / Dunhill record label , from the album Keeper of the Castle .
`` Costa Mesa Hates Me '' is a song by Supernova , released as their fourth single on 7 `` by Tres Hombres Musica in 1994 .
If I Could See Dallas is the first album by the indie rock band Japancakes .
`` If There 's Any Justice '' is the first single taken from British R&B singer Lemar 's second album Time to Grow .
In Pursuit of Blackness is an album by American saxophonist Joe Henderson , released in 1971 on Milestone .
The Precious Prize of Gravity is the third studio album by international indie rock band Bellini .
Romborama is the debut studio album by Italian electronic duo The Bloody Beetroots .
`` The Supermen '' is a song written by David Bowie in 1970 and released as the closing track on the album The Man Who Sold the World .
`` X Gon ' Give It to Ya '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX , released as the lead single from the soundtrack , Cradle 2 the Grave .
Urban Solitude is the second studio album by Dutch pop / rock singer Anouk .
Fire from the Tomb is an album by Christian metal band War of Ages , but it is a re - recording of their debut album , the self - titled War of Ages .
Wheels of Fire is the third album by the British rock band Cream .
`` Supawoman '' is a song by American Idol finalist , Kimberley Locke from her Based on a True Story album .
Laser Graffiti is the debut studio album by the Australian rock group The Galvatrons .
Formulas Fatal to the Flesh is the fifth full - length studio album by death metal band Morbid Angel .
`` ... ( And That 's No Lie ) '' is synthpop trio Heaven 17 's first and only single of 1985 from the album How Men Are .
`` Signature of Divine ( Yahweh ) '' is the first single released off the album The Heat by Christian rock band Needtobreathe .
Twaker Jatna Nin ( Lit : Take Care Of Your Skin ) is the 3rd album by Bengali band Chandrabindoo .
`` Duke of Earl '' is a 1962 US number - one song , originally by Gene Chandler .
`` Until the Day I Die '' is the debut single by American rock band Story of the Year .
One Heartbeat is a million - selling 1987 album by R&B singer / songwriter Smokey Robinson .
One Emotion is a 1994 album by the country singer / songwriter Clint Black .
`` Everything You Do '' is a single by Norwegian pop duo M2 M , composed of singers Marion Raven and Marit Larsen .
Baro Biao - World Wide Wedding is the second album released by Romanian twelve - piece Roma brass band Fanfare Ciocărlia .
No More Tears is the sixth studio album by British heavy metal vocalist and songwriter Ozzy Osbourne .
`` Walking in Rhythm '' is a smooth rhythm and blues & jazz song by The Blackbyrds .
Planetario is the ninth album of the group Enanitos Verdes published on December 9 , 1997 .
Let the Tempest Come is the second studio album by German melodic death metal band Neaera .
We Will Be Dead Tomorrow is the second album by UK sludgecore band Raging Speedhorn .
`` Driven Under '' is a power ballad by South African rock band Seether and the second single off their 2002 debut album .
Serenade to a Soul Sister is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1968 , featuring performances by Silver with Charles Tolliver , Stanley Turrentine , Bennie Maupin , Bob Cranshaw , John Williams , Mickey Roker and Billy Cobham .
Fascinating Fingers is a collaboration album by musicians Clutchy Hopkins and Shawn Lee .
Friends & Strangers is the third album by American saxophonist Ronnie Laws recorded in 1977 and released on the Blue Note label .
Forget About It is the eighth studio album by Alison Krauss , released in 1999 .
Jean Sabbagh was born in Paris , the elder son of artist Georges Hanna Sabbagh and art historian and resistance heroine Agnès Humbert .
Waldemar Schreckenberger ( born November 12 , 1929 in Ludwigshafen ) is a German lawyer , professor emeritus , and politician .
Christoph Schaffrath ( 1709 in Hohnstein -- 7 February 1763 in Berlin ) - a German musician and composer of the late Baroque to Classical transition era .
Bolívar Echeverría ( Riobamba , Ecuador , 1941 -- Mexico City , Mexico , June 5 , 2010 ) was a philosopher , economist and cultural critic , born in Ecuador and later nationalized Mexican .
Evan Goyke ( born November 24 , 1982 ) is an American lawyer , an instructor at Marquette University and former assistant state public defender , who is a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Claudio Teehankee , PLH ( April 18 , 1918 - November 27 , 1989 ) was the 16th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 1986 to 1988 .
After independence , Baldev Singh was chosen to become the first Minister of Defence , and served in this post during the first Kashmir war between India and Pakistan .
Kathleen Walcher is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , serving from 2003 - 2006 .
Cathie Craigie ( born 14 April 1954 , Stirling ) was a Scottish Labour politician and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Cumbernauld and Kilsyth constituency from 1999 to 2011 .
James Franklin Collins ( born 1939 ) is a former United States Ambassador to Russia .
Jorge María Mejía ( 31 January 1923 -- 9 December 2014 ) was an Argentine cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church ( Roman Rite ) .
Máximo Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear Pacheco ( October 4 , 1868 -- March 23 , 1942 ) , better known as Marcelo T. de Alvear was an Argentine politician and President of Argentina October 12 , 1922 to October 12 , 1928 .
Jan - Erik Larsen ( born 27 May 1963 ) is a Norwegian editor and politician for the Labour Party , and currently State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister .
Alvise Pisani ( born Venice , 1 January 1664 -- died there 17 June 1741 ) was the 114th Doge of Venice , serving from 17 January 1735 until his death .
George Brooke Roberts ( January 15 , 1833 -- January 30 , 1897 ) was a civil engineer and the fifth president of the Pennsylvania Railroad ( 1880 - -96 ) .
Piali Pasha , ( Turkish : Piyale Paşa ) ( c. 1515 - 1578 ) was an Ottoman admiral ( Kapudan Pasha ) between 1553 and 1567 and a Vizier after 1568 .
Mamnoon Hussain ( Urdu : ممنون حسین‎ ; born 23 December 1940 ) is a Pakistani textile businessman , nationalist conservative , and politician who has served as the President of Pakistan since 9 September 2013 .
Adrienne S. O'Neal is the former United States Ambassador to Cape Verde .
Mansa Mohammed ibn Gao was mansa of the Mali Empire from 1305 to 1310 .
James Spriggs Payne ( December 19 , 1819 -- January 31 , 1882 ) served as the fourth and eighth President of Liberia , from 1868 to 1870 and from 1876 to 1878 .
Salvador Sánchez Cerén ( born 18 June 1944 ) is a Salvadoran politician and the current President of El Salvador .
Albin Małysiak , C.M. ( 12 June 1917 -- 16 July 2011 ) was a Polish bishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Jules Boucher was a Canadian politician and a two - term Member of the National Assembly of Quebec .
Lucius Volumnius Flamma Violens was a consul of the Roman Republic , a novus homo ( `` new man '' ) who was the first consul to come from his plebeian gens .
Yasin al - Hashimi , born Yasin Hilmi Salman , ( Arabic : ياسين الهاشمى‎‎ ; 1882 - -1937 ) was an Iraqi politician who served twice as the Prime Minister of Iraq .
Leonel Godoy Rangel ( born June 5 , 1950 in Lázaro Cárdenas , Michoacán ) is a Mexican lawyer , politician , and former Governor of Michoacán .
Pasquale Malipiero , called the dux pacificus ( born Venice , 1392 -- died there May 7 , 1462 ) was a Venetian statesman who served as the 66th Doge of Venice from October 30 , 1457 until his death .
James Bradley FRS ( March 1693 -- 13 July 1762 ) was an English astronomer and served as Astronomer Royal from 1742 , succeeding Edmond Halley .
Antonio Palocci Filho ( born 4 October 1960 ) is a Brazilian physician and politician , and former Chief of Staff of Brazil under President Dilma Rousseff .
Branko Crvenkovski ( Macedonian : Бранко Црвенковски ( ˈbraŋkɔ tsr̩ˈvɛŋkɔfski ) ; born 12 October 1962 ) is a Macedonian politician who was Prime Minister of the Republic of Macedonia from 1992 to 1998 and again from 2002 to 2004 , then President of the Republic of Macedonia from 2004 to 2009 .
Kate Maclean ( born 16 February 1958 , Dundee ) is a Scottish Labour politician , and was the Member of the Scottish Parliament for Dundee West constituency from 1999 to 2007 .
Gebmund was a medieval Bishop of Rochester .
Claudia Bandion - Ortner ( born 30 November 1966 ) is an Austrian judge and politician , who served as the minister of justice .
Edgar Jacob ( 16 November 1844 -- 25 March 1920 ) was an English churchman , who became Bishop of Newcastle and then Bishop of St Albans .
Käte Strobel joined the SPD in 1925 , being part of the party 's leadership from 1958 to 1971 while from 1949 to 1972 being a member of the German Bundestag .
Étienne de Bar ( also : Stephen of Bar ) was a French cardinal and cardinal - nephew of Pope Callixtus II . He was elevated , by his uncle , to cardinal - deacon of Santa Maria in Cosmedin in 1120 .
Raymond Couderc ( born 16 September 1946 in Bordeaux ) is a French politician , and a member of the Senate of France , representing the Department of Hérault .
Chief Willie Obiano ( born August 8 , 1957 ) is a Nigerian banker , technocrat , politician and the fourth Democratic Governor of Anambra State .
Abdool Raouf Bundhun ( born 1937 ) was Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007 .
Angelo Massarelli was the Roman Catholic bishop of Sant '' Agata de '' Goti .
Henry Cosgrove ( December 19 , 1834 -- December 23 , 1906 ) was a late 19th - century and early 20th - century bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States .
Al - Hakam Ibn Hisham Ibn Abd - ar - Rahman I ( Arabic : الحكم بن هشام‎ ) was Umayyad Emir of Cordoba from 796 until 822 in the Al - Andalus ( Moorish Iberia ) .
Bendt Bendtsen was a temporary member of the Folketing for the Conservative Party , representing Funen County constituency , from 5 April to 24 April 1994 , and he was subsequently elected as a Conservative member of the Folketing from Funen County constituency in the parliamentary election held on 21 September 1994 .
William Alexander Conn ( 1814 - - January 4 , 1903 ) was an American businessman , landowner and politician , serving as a member of the California State Assembly and as a Californian State Senator .
Ludwig Schüler ( 6 January 1836 -- 31 March 1930 ) was a German politician and from 17 September 1884 until 20 May 1907 mayor of Marburg .
Joseph Santo is a former Republican member of the Connecticut Senate , representing Norwalk and part of Darien , Connecticut in Connecticut 's 25th District from 1986 to 1987 .
Manegold of Berg ( b. c. 1140 - -1150 ; d. 9 June 1215 in Vienna ) was abbot of St. George 's Abbey in the Black Forest , Kremsmünster Abbey and Tegernsee Abbey , and Bishop of Passau .
James Crawford Downs , known as Jam Downs ( born October 7 , 1940 ) , is the former district attorney of the Louisiana 9th Judicial District Court based in Alexandria and Rapides Parish .
Jean - Gilles du Coëtlosquet ( 15 September 1700 , Saint - Pol - de - Léon -- 21 March 1784 , Paris ) was a French ecclesiastic , bishop of Limoges and preceptor to the grandchildren of Louis XV .
Gerard de Namur ( died 1155 ) was a cardinal born in Namur in the modern - day Belgium .
Joseph Michael Sullivan ( March 23 , 1930 -- June 7 , 2013 ) was an American priest and later Auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Brooklyn , New York in the Roman Catholic Church from 1980 to 2005 .
Robert Stockton Green ( March 25 , 1831 -- May 7 , 1895 ) was an American Democratic Party politician , who served as the 27th Governor of New Jersey from 1887 - -1890 .
Jean Sarazin ( also Sarrasin or Sarrazin ) , Latinized Joannes Saracenus ( 1539 - -1598 ) was an abbot of the Benedictine Abbey of St. Vaast , Arras , and the third archbishop of Cambrai .
Herman Roethel ( January 3 , 1882 -- February 17 , 1956 ) was a Wisconsin farmer from Kiel , Wisconsin , USA , who served two terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , first being elected as a Socialist , and later as a Republican .
On July 29 , 1853 , Louis de Goesbriand was appointed the first bishop of the newly erected Diocese of Burlington , Vermont , by Pope Pius IX . He received his episcopal consecration on the following October 30 from Archbishop Gaetano Bedini , with Bishops John McCloskey and Louis Amadeus Rappe serving as co - consecrators .
Cliff Rosenberger ( born April 21 , 1981 ) is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , serving the 91st District since 2011 .
Albert Edward Matthews ( May 17 , 1873 -- December 16 , 1949 ) was the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario .
Lewis T. Mittness , Jr. was a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Hudjefa I is the cartouche name and pseudonym of a king ( pharaoh ) who is said to have ruled during the Ancient Egyptian 2nd dynasty .
Geetha Gopi ( Malayalam : ഗീത ഗോപി ; born 30 May 1973 ) is an Communist Party of India politician from Thrissur and Member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly from Nattika Assembly Constituency .
The Allied Military Government of Occupied Territories ( AMGOT ) , looking for anti - fascist notables to replace fascist authorities , made Don Calogero Vizzini mayor of Villalba , as well as an Honorary Colonel of the US Army .
Blessed Carlo Liviero was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop who led the Diocese of Città di Castello .
Earl Ray Tomblin ( born March 15 , 1952 ) is an American Democratic Party politician and the 35th and current Governor of West Virginia .
Alphonse Georger ( born 25 May 1936 in Sarreguemines , Moselle ( department ) , is a French and Algerian Catholic bishop and an Emeritus Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oran in Algeria since December 2012 .
Hamilton Richardson ( October 17 , 1820 -- ? ) was an American businessman from Janesville , Wisconsin who spent one year ( 1864 ) as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and six years ( 1877 - -1882 ) as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate from Rock County , Wisconsin .
Jacopo Contarini ( 1194 - 1280 ) was the 47th Doge of Venice , from 6 September 1275 to his abdication on 6 March 1280 .
Silvério Paulo de Albuquerque , O.F.M. ( March 11 , 1917 -- May 28 , 2013 ) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Hernando de Talavera ( Talavera de la Reina , Spain , 1428 -- Granada , Spain , 14 May 1507 ) was a Spanish monk of the Order of Saint Jerome , of converso origins , who became archbishop of Granada and confessor of Queen Isabela .
Henri Namphy ( born November 2 , 1932 in Cap - Haïtien , Haiti ) was a Haitian general and political figure who served as President of Haiti 's interim ruling body , the National Council of Government , from February 7 , 1986 to February 7 , 1988 .
Saint Euthymius of Tarnovo ( also Evtimiy ; Bulgarian : Свети Евтимий Търновски , Sveti Evtimiy Tarnovski ) was Patriarch of Bulgaria between 1375 and 1393 .
Joseph B. Willigers ( October 26 , 1930 -- September 30 , 2012 ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jinja in Jinja , Uganda .
Margrethe Vestager ( born 13 April 1968 at Glostrup , Zealand ) is a Danish politician , who is currently serving as the ( European Commissioner for Competition ) .
Qin Hui or Qin Kuai ( January 17 , 1090 - -November 18 , 1155 ) was a Chancellor of the Song dynasty in Chinese history .
Roberto Dipiazza ( born February 1 , 1953 in Aiello del Friuli , Province of Udine ) is an Italian entrepreneur and politician , mayor of Muggia ( in the Province of Trieste ) in 1996 - 2001 , and mayor of Trieste in 2001 - 2011 .
Jules Maaten was elected as a member of the European Parliament in the European Elections of 10 June 1999 , on the list of the Dutch Liberal Party VVD and he joined the Liberal Group in the Parliament .
Hans Erik Ødegaard ( born 20 January 1974 ) is a former Norwegian footballer who played as a central midfielder , and was assistant manager at Mjøndalen IF from 2009 to 2015 .
Matheus Cotulio Bossa ( born 21 February 1993 ) , known as Matheus or Matheuzinho , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Estoril on loan from Grêmio Osasco Audax as an attacking midfielder .
Gert Verheyen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʝɛrt fər.ˈhɛ.jə(n ) ) ; born 20 September 1970 ) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a forward , and the current manager of the Belgian under-19 team .
Pieter Merlier ( born 29 March 1979 ) is a Belgian football goalkeeper , currently under contract at Sporting West Harelbeke .
Ryan Barnes ( born January 30 , 1980 in Dunnville , Ontario ) , is an ice hockey left winger who most recently played seven games with the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League while registering no points and nine penalty minutes .
Raquel Fernandes dos Santos ( born 21 March 1991 ) , commonly known as Raquel , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Ferroviária and the Brazilian national team .
Ely Thadeu Bravin Rangel , commonly known as Ely Thadeu ( born 12 August 1982 ) is a Brazilian football forward playing with Esporte Clube Aracruz .
Stuart Malcolm ( born 20 August 1979 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Scottish League One side Stenhousemuir .
Gatoch Panom is an Ethiopian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ethiopian Coffee F.C. in the Ethiopian Premier League .
Siem de Jong ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsim də ˈjɔŋ ) ; born 28 January 1989 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or striker for English club Newcastle United .
Sam Booth ( 20 April 1926 - 25 September 1968 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a wing half .
Andrea Lazzari ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈdrɛa ˈladdzari ) ; born 3 December 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Carpi .
Florian Martin ( born 19 March 1990 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Ligue 2 club Sochaux .
Carlos Alberto Mijangos Castro ( born 19 August 1951 ) is a Guatemalan football coach and former midfielder who played his career at CSD Municipal .
Ansi Nika ( born 22 August 1990 in Shkodër ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for FK Kukësi , on loan from Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga .
Brett Palin ( born June 23 , 1984 in Nanaimo , British Columbia ) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman and is currently a member of the EHC Black Wings Linz of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Juan Escudero Bueno ( 25 September 1920 -- 3 January 2012 ) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Athletic Aviación de Madrid , winning the La Liga in 1940 and 1941 .
Bastian Schweinsteiger ( pronounced ( ˈbasti̯an ˈʃvaɪ̯nʃtaɪ̯ɡɐ ) ; born 1 August 1984 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for English club Manchester United and the Germany national team .
Jafar Arias ( born 16 June 1995 in Willemstad ) is a Dutch - Curaçaoan professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for FC Dordrecht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Tarek Morad ( born August 21 , 1992 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for Louisville City in the USL .
Gavin Kelly ( born 29 September 1968 ) is an English former footballer , born in Beverley , who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Hull City , Bristol Rovers and Scarborough , and in the Hong Kong First Division League for Golden .
Karl Coleman ( born 19 November 1988 ) is an Irish association football goalkeeper who is currently a free agent .
Markus Berger ( born 21 January 1985 in Salzburg ) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.D. Tondela as a central defender .
Saeed Ghaedifar is a defender who plays for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League .
Zhang Yonghai ( simplified Chinese : 张永海 ; traditional Chinese : 張永海 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yǒnghǎi ) ( born March 15 , 1979 , in Panjin ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender .
Carl Riegel ( 6 January 1897 -- 26 November 1970 ) was a German football midfielder who played for 1 .
Yaroslav Krushelnitskiy ( Russian : Ярослав Крушельницкий ; born 16 March 1983 ) is an Uzbekistani international football defender who currently plays for Andijan .
Ihor Zhurakhovskyi ( Ukrainian : Ігор Ігорович Жураховський ; born 19 September 1994 in Kyiv , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder .
Sergio Gámiz Chasco ( born 26 February 1978 in Vitoria - Gasteiz , Álava ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Jean - Jacques Marcel ( 13 June 1931 -- 3 October 2014 ) was a French international footballer who played midfielder .
Maycon Vieira de Freitas or simply Maycon ( born February 14 , 1985 , in Vitória ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Sampaio Corrêa as a defensive midfielder .
Yusuke Kato ( born 13 February 1986 in Osaka , Japan ) is a Japanese football midfielder , who plays for BBCU in Thai Division 1 League .
Dan Sahlin ( born 18 April 1967 ) is a Swedish former professional football forward who won three caps for his country .
Troy Dusosky ( born May 12 , 1976 in Anoka , Minnesota ) is a retired American soccer defender who played for the Milwaukee Wave of the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Ahmed Kashi ( born 18 November 1988 in Aubervilliers , France ) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for English club Charlton Athletic , as a midfielder .
Dušan Đuričić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Ђуричић , born 11 March 1990 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for Zlaté Moravce .
Olushola Olumuyiwa Aganun ( born May 4 , 1984 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays forward for Laotian club Hoàng Anh Attapeu on loan from Hoàng Anh Gia Lai .
Héctor Ladero Rivas ( born 13 May 1989 in Salamanca , Castile and León ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for St. Andrews University ( North Carolina ) as a central defender .
Marek Jankulovski ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmarɛk ˈjaŋkulofskɪ ) ; born 9 May 1977 ) is a retired Czech footballer who played as a defender .
Patrik Åström ( born 28 August 1987 ) , nicknamed Ås , is a Swedish football player who plays as a midfielder .
Jozef Karel ( 13 September 1922 in Humenné -- 26 September 2005 in Košice ) was a former Slovak football midfielder and then coach .
Willibald Schmaus ( 16 June 1912 in Vienna -- 27 April 1979 ) was an Austrian football defender .
Rafael Nazaryan ( Armenian : Ռաֆայել Նազարյան , born on 26 March 1975 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) was an Armenian football midfielder .
Alberto Heredia Ceballos - Zúñiga ( born 2 March 1987 in Cádiz , Andalusia ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UB Conquense in the Tercera División , as a forward .
The right wing forward - midfielder Aleksandrs Vanags made his debut with Universitātes Sports ( later he moved to ASK Rīga ) and Latvia national football team at a young age .
Shamsurin Abdul Rahman is a midfielder who last played for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S - League .
Gianluca Gaudino ( born 11 November 1996 ) is a German football midfielder currently playing for FC St. Gallen on loan from Bayern Munich .
Grzegorz Sandomierski ( ( ˈɡʐɛɡɔʂ sandɔˈmʲɛrskʲi ) ; born 5 September 1989 in Białystok ) is a Polish football goalkeeper who plays for Cracovia .
Roberto Galindo Sánchez ( born 14 October 1980 ) is a Bolivian footballer who plays a centre forward .
José Ignacio Pallas ( born January 5 , 1983 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan football defender who currently plays for Uruguayan side Centro Atlético Fénix .
Jürgen Pommerenke ( born 22 January 1953 in Wegeleben ) is a former German football midfielder and manager .
Clayton Ince CM ( born 12 July 1972 ) is a Trinidadian football goalkeeper who had lengthy spells in the English Football League at Crewe Alexandra and Walsall .
Adimchinobe Echemandu ( born November 21 , 1980 ) is a former Nigerian - American running back of American football .
Kervin Godon ( born 11 April 1981 ) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Saint - Denis FC in the Réunion Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team .
Miro Rys ( July 18 , 1957 -- September 1977 ) was a Czech American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League .
Paul Beekmans ( born 3 January 1982 ) is a Dutch football manager and former player who mainly played as a defensive midfielder .
Jamie Ewings ( born 4 August 1984 in Bellshill ) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Dumbarton in the Scottish Championship as a goalkeeper .
Juan Manuel Azconzábal ( born 8 September 1974 in Junín , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football coach and former defender who played professional football for ten different clubs in six different countries .
Rubens Pinheiro ( born 12 October 1989 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played as a midfielder for the Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League .
Janusz Michallik ( born April 22 , 1966 in Chorzów , Poland ) is a retired Polish - American football ( soccer ) defender and current soccer coach and television sports commentator .
Gilson Manuel Silva Alves also known as Ja ( born 18 March 1987 in Fogo ) is a Cape Verdean football forward who plays for Olympique du Kef in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2 .
Michael Broadhurst ( born 30 October 1986 ) is a New Zealand born Japanese rugby union player who plays at flanker , lock or number 8 for the Ricoh Black Rams in the Top League and the Japan national rugby union team .
Petronilho de Brito , commonly known as just Petronilho ( May 31 , 1904 -- 1983 ) , was an association footballer who played forward , and who played for the Brazilian national team .
Carlos Alberto Rogger Dias or simply Carlinhos ( born 1 April 1990 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder , left wide midfielder or left back for Paysandu .
Dirk Langerbein ( born 9 September 1971 in Lippetal ) is a retired German footballer who played as goalkeeper .
Chris Rowney ( born 14 February 1991 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mossley .
Ismael Ruiz Salmón ( born 7 July 1977 in Santander , Cantabria ) , known simply as Ismael , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Carlo Ceresoli ( 14 June 1910 -- 22 April 1995 ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) goalkeeper .
Etchu Tabe ( born July 12 , 1986 ) is a Cameroonian - born American soccer player who plays as a defender or striker .
Petar Patev ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Петър Патев ; born 21 May 1993 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Dunav Ruse .
Jan Lella ( born 6 November 1989 is a Belgian football midfielder who currently plays for Boussu Dour Borinage on loan from ROCCM in Belgium .
Nader El - Sayed ( Arabic : نادر السيد‎ ) ( born 13 December 1972 ) is a notable Egyptian goalkeeper , who currently retired and he last played for Egyptian Premier League club ENPPI , and has been capped more than 100 times with the Egyptian national team .
Ömer Can Sokullu ( born 14 August 1988 ) is a Turkish football midfielder who plays for Karşıyaka on loan from İstanbul Başakşehir .
Daniel Almiro Lobo , better known as Miró ( born 30 April 1982 in Quelimane ) is a Mozambican football defender who currently plays for South African Premier Soccer League club Platinum Stars and Mozambique .
Andrey Chukhley ( Belarusian : Андрэй Чухлей ; Russian : Андрей Чухлей ; born 2 October 1987 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian football midfielder who is currently playing for FC Vitebsk .
Murray Flegel ( born February 13 , 1948 ) is a former ice hockey defenceman who played 10 seasons of professional hockey from 1967 to 1977 .
Agustín Vuletich ( born November 3 , 1991 ) is an Argentine football forward of Croatian descent who plays for Arsenal de Sarandí in the Argentine Primera División .
Adam Robson ( 16 August 1928 , Hawick -- 15 March 2007 ) was a Scottish rugby union player , who played as a flanker .
Gianluca Vialli ( born 9 July 1964 in Cremona ) is an Italian football manager and former footballer who played as a forward .
Hajnalka Sipos is a Hungarian football goalkeeper currently playing for ŽNK Osijek in the Croatian 1st Division .
José Pedro Alves Salazar ( born 18 October 1978 ) , known as José Pedro , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Jim Cruickshank ( 13 April 1941 -- 18 November 2010 ) was a Scottish football goalkeeper , who was born in Glasgow and played for Heart of Midlothian for the majority of his career .
Armando Varela ( born 1 March 1997 ) is an East Timorese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pante Macassar FC and Timor - Leste national football team .
Sotiris Leontiou ( Greek : Σωτήρης Λεοντίου born on 17 July 1984 in Ioannina , Greece ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Thesprotos in the Football League 2 , as defensive midfielder or as a left full back .
Charlie Telfer ( born 4 July 1995 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Livingston as a midfielder , on loan from Scottish Premiership club Dundee United .
Kostakis Konstantinou ( born 24 September 1968 ) is a retired Cypriot footballer who played as a defender , and was capped 35 times by the Cyprus national football team , scoring one goal .
Adam Dugdale ( born 12 September 1987 ) is an English footballer who plays for Morecambe as a defender .
Matteo Soragna , born 26 December 1975 , is an Italian professional basketball player who plays for Bakery Piacenza of the Italian Serie B. He can switch between all perimeter positions ( shooting guard , small forward and point guard ) .
Daniele Corvia ( born 20 November 1984 ) is an Italian footballer , who plays as a forward for Italian club Latina in Serie B.
Pavel Zavadil ( born 30 April 1978 in Olomuc ) is a Czech football midfielder , preferably playing on the right wing or in the center of the field just behind the striker .
Francesco Marianini ( born 6 May 1979 ) is an Italian association football midfielder .
Hanif Omranzadehian ( Persian : حنیف عمران زاده‎‎ , born April 30 , 1985 in Noor ) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran 's Premier Football League and the Iran national football team .
Ayoze Pérez Gutiérrez ( born 29 July 1993 ) , simply known as Ayoze , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Newcastle United .
Guilherme Almeida Augusto ( born 29 January 1993 ) , known as Guilherme Almeida or simply Guilherme , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguesa as a central defender .
Simon Gagné ( French pronunciation : ​(simɔ̃ ɡaɲe ) ; born February 29 , 1980 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger .
Emiliano Salvetti ( born 1 January 1974 in Forlì ) is a former Italian football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Tim Hanley ( born March 27 , 1960 ) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played in the North American Soccer League and Europe .
Tamie Batista ( born January 2 , 1968 ) is a retired American soccer midfielder who was a member of the United States women 's national soccer team .
Petr Kuboš ( born September 10 , 1979 in ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman .
Joselu plays as a striker and has been described by Mark Hughes as a `` technically adept forward '' .
Emanuele Pesaresi ( born 10 December 1976 ) is a former Italian footballer who last played Ancona 1905 in Serie D. He was a fast and aggressive defender who was known for his quick pace and counterattacking .
Aleksandar Markov - The Action ( Bulgarian : Александър Марков - Екшъна ; born 17 August 1961 ) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a defender .
Zózimo Alves Calazães , best known as Zózimo ( 19 June 1932 -- 17 July 1977 ) was a Brazilian footballer whose career as a defender and midfielder lasted from 1948 to 1967 .
Clemente Villaverde Huelva ( born 8 February 1959 ) , simply known as Clemente , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender .
Ranko Moravac ( Serbian : Ранко Моравац , born 25 January 1995 in FR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Jesús García Sanjuán ( born 22 August 1971 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a central midfielder .
Juan Santisteban Troyano ( born 8 December 1936 ) is a retired Spanish football midfielder and manager .
Ron Bayliss is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Serge Yoffou ( born 24 December 1971 in Abidjan ) is a former Ivorian international footballer , who played in his career as a forward .
Jérémy Faug - Porret ( born 4 February 1987 ) is a French football defender who plays as a left back for Romanian side Petrolul Ploiești .
Alan Bradshaw ( born 14 September 1941 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Blackburn Rovers , Crewe Alexandra , and Macclesfield Town .
Boban Babunski ( Macedonian : Бобан Бабунски ; born 5 May 1968 ) is a Macedonian retired footballer who played as a central defender , and a coach .
Malcolm Moore ( born 18 December 1948 in Silksworth , England ) is an English footballer who played as a centre forward for Sunderland , Crewe Alexandra , Tranmere Rovers , Hartlepool United and Workington .
Joe Beaton ( born June 18 , 1910 in Stellarton , Nova Scotia , Canada ; died 1965 in Stanmore , England ) is a former professional ice hockey centre who played in the English National League .
Giorgos Merkis ( Greek : Γιώργος Μερκής ) ( born 30 July 1984 ) is a Cypriot international footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division as a central defender .
Didier Dheedene ( born 22 January 1972 in Antwerp ) is a former Belgian footballer who played as a left back and central defender .
Doug Rudham ( 3 May 1926 - 13 August 1991 ) was a South African footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League .
Pierre Aquilina ( born 3 November 1977 in Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese First Division side Vittoriosa Stars , where he plays as a defender .
Luca Cigarini ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈluːka tʃiɡaˈriːni ) ; born 20 June 1986 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Atalanta as a midfielder .
Jim McDougall is a former association footballer who represented New Zealand as a goalkeeper at international level .
Urmas Kaljend ( born 24 July 1964 ) is a retired Estonian professional footballer , who played as a defender .
Stanislav Tecl ( born 1 September 1990 ) is a professional Czech football forward .
Anggello Machuca ( born 14 September 1984 ) is a professional Paraguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Barry Watling is a footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Bristol City , Notts County , Hartlepool United , Chester City , Rotherham United and Sheffield Wednesday .
Hubert Gad , also known as Hubert God ( August 15 , 1914 -- July 3 , 1939 ) was a Polish football player , a very skilled and aggressive forward , who for a while was the top scorer of Poland .
Blerim Hasalla ( born 13 September 1976 ) is an Albanian football defender who currently plays for KS Tomori Berat in the Albanian First Division .
Mark Farren ( 1 May 1982 -- 3 February 2016 ) was an Irish footballer who played as a forward for Derry City .
Domingos Chan ( Chinese : 陳達燊 , born September 11 , 1970 in Macau ) is a Macau professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Macau team .
Mario Martínez Rubio ( born 25 March 1985 in Soria ) , known simply as Mario , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Boavista F.C. as a midfielder .
Kamil Kurowski ( born 4 September 1994 in Nowy Sącz ) is a Polish footballer who plays as an offensives midfielder for Podbeskidzie in the Ekstraklasa .
Khalilou Fadiga ( born 30 December 1974 ) is a former Senegalese footballer midfielder .
Jonathan Thomas ( born 27 December 1982 in Pembroke ) is a retired Welsh international rugby union player , who played mainly at flanker having also played at number eight and lock .
Hugo Lloris ( French pronunciation : ​(yɡo joʁis ) ; born 26 December 1986 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper and captains both English club Tottenham Hotspur and the French national team .
Anthony Ormerod ( born 31 March 1979 ) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Marske United
Christian Volesky ( born September 15 , 1992 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward for Rochester Rhinos .
William Pierce Owen ( 20 November 1860 -- 13 December 1937 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a midfielder ( winger , sometimes wing half ) for Ruthin Town .
Derek Soutar ( born 4 June 1981 in Dundee ) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper , currently without a club .
Haji Ahmadov ( Azerbaijani : Hacı Əhmədov , born on 23 November 1993 in Baku , Soviet Union ) is an Azerbaijani football defender who plays for AZAL .
Dominic Bird ( born 9 April 1991 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a lock for Canterbury in the ITM Cup .
Valeriy Yurchuk ( Ukrainian : Валерій Володимирович Юрчук ; born 12 April 1990 in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Kevin Bird ( born 7 August 1952 in Doncaster ) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender who played for Mansfield Town and Huddersfield Town .
James Dargaville ( born 25 April 1992 ) is an Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays as a wing for the Brumbies in Super Rugby .
Omar Jawo ( born November 8 , 1981 in Banjul ) is a Gambian - Swedish footballer who plays as a defender .
Dylan McGeouch ( born 15 January 1993 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hibernian .
Frank Watkin ( 30 March 1904 -- 26 January 1979 ) was an English footballer who played at centre - forward for Congleton Town , Stoke City , and Port Vale .
Brian Atkinson ( born 19 January 1971 ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder , either on the wing or as a central midfielder .
Iiro Tarkki ( born July 1 , 1985 ) is a Finnish retired professional ice hockey goaltender .
Stephen Baby ( born January 31 , 1980 , in Chicago , Illinois , U.S. ) is an American former professional ice hockey winger .
Wigor Alan do Nascimento ( born 7 January 1995 ) , simply known as Wigor , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Bragantino , on loan from Capivariano , as a defensive midfielder .
José Barros Silva ( born 26 December 1973 in Praia ) , known as Zé Piguita , is a Cape Verdean retired footballer who played as a defender .
Alexandru Belevschi is a Moldovan footballer who plays as defender for Zimbru Chișinău .
António Leonel Vilar Nogueira Sousa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( tuˈnɛɫ ) ; born 13 April 1980 ) , known as Tonel , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.F. Os Belenenses as a central defender .
Agustín Julio Castro ( born 25 October 1974 in Cartagena ) is a Colombian Association football former player , who played as a goalkeeper .
Massimo Brambati ( born 29 June 1966 ) is an Italian ex - footballer ; he played as a defender .
Alen Mašović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ален Машовић ; born 7 August 1994 ) is a Serbian football forward playing for FK Voždovac in Serbian SuperLiga .
Reginaldo de Santana , better known as Marilia , ( born 22 July 1975 ) is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) defender who currently plays for Concórdia .
James Bittner ( born 2 February 1982 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Plymouth Argyle , as a goalkeeper , as well as being the club 's goalkeeper coach .
Giorgi Merebashvili ( Georgian : გიორგი მერებაშვილი ; born 15 August 1986 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Levadiakos .
Kristiyan Tafradzhiyski ( Bulgarian : Кристиян Тафраджийски ; born 10 August 1993 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Sozopol on loan from Litex Lovech .
Michael Zaglmair ( born 7 December 1987 ) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who currently plays for LASK Linz in the Austrian Bundesliga .
Khadim Faye ( born 5 September 1970 ) is a Senegalese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Mohamed El Makrini ( born 6 July 1987 in Utrecht ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder , who plays for Danish Superliga - club OB .
Thomas Rath ( born 26 July 1970 in Schwedt ) is a retired German football midfielder who played for Hertha BSC , Dynamo Dresden , SC Freiburg and VfB Leipzig .
William Harrower ( born 9 October 1861 ) was a Scottish former footballer who played at club level for Queen 's Park in Glasgow and internationally for Scotland as an inside forward .
Antonio Ferreira de Oliveira Junior ( born October 24 , 1984 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a football defender from Brazil who plays for Bragantino .
Juan Ignacio Mercier ( born 2 February 1980 ) is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing for San Lorenzo .
Michal Lupač ( born 15 May 1984 ) is a professional Czech footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Vatroslav Petrinović ( born 13 April 1959 ) is a retired Croatian football defender , who played at the end of the 1970s and during the 1980s for Hajduk , Iskra , Admira , Budućnost Titograd , Šibenik and Olimpija .
Čedomir Đoinčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чедомир Ђоинчевић ; born 5 May 1961 ) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a central defender , and a coach .
Claudio Vinazzani ( 18 April 1954 ) is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder .
Francesco Cattenari ( born 17 January 1990 in Sora ) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Polisportiva Nuovo Campobasso Calcio on loan from Pescara in Serie A.
Pavel Hašek ( born 27 June 1983 ) is a Czech football midfielder currently playing for Bohemians 1905 , on loan from FK Dukla Prague in the Czech Republic .
Petru Racu ( born 17 July 1987 ) is a Moldovan football player , who currently plays for Milsami Orhei and for Moldova national team as a defender .
Edgars Lūsiņš ( born December 25 , 1984 in Riga , Soviet Union ) is a Latvian ice hockey goaltender , currently playing for Prizma Riga in the Latvian Amateur Championship .
Jan Hejda ( born June 18 , 1978 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently an unrestricted free agent who last played on a professional try - out with the Lake Erie Monsters of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Manuel Rueda García ( born 2 January 1980 in San Fernando , Cádiz , Andalusia ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Sanju Pradhan ( born 15 August 1989 in West Sikkim , Sikkim ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a winger for East Bengal in the I - League on loan from NorthEast United .
Yoan Cardinale ( 27 March 1994 ) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for OGC Nice in Ligue 1 .
Antonio Janni ( 19 September 1904 -- 29 June 1987 ) was an Italian football manager and former player who played as a midfielder .
Artem Savin ( Ukrainian : Артем Сергійович Савін ; born 20 January 1981 in Voroshylovhrad , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender .
Jason Dair ( born 15 June 1974 ) is a former Scottish professional football midfielder and current assistant manager to Colin Nish at Cowdenbeath .
Tevita Cavubati ( born 12 August 1987 ) is a Fijian Rugby Union player who currently plays as a lock for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership and for Fiji .
Constanza Cano Díaz is a Spanish football midfielder , currently playing for SPC Llanos de Olivenza .
Patrick Foletti ( born 27 May 1974 ) is a former Swiss goalkeeper who currently works as a goalkeeper coach for the Switzerland national football team .
Guy Moussi ( born 23 January 1985 ) is a French footballer who last played as a defensive midfielder for HJK .
Andrés Franzoia ( born 21 October 1985 in San Pedro , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football forward or second striker .
Ershad Yousefi ( Persian : ارشاد یوسفی‎ , born September 19 , 1981 in Mashhad , Iran ) is an Iranian football goalkeeper who most recently plays for Foolad in Iran Pro League .
Alan Dorney ( born 18 May 1947 in Bermondsey , London ) is an English footballer who made more than 250 appearances in the Football League playing as a central defender for Millwall .
Dimitra Tsiliaskopoulos , better known as Dimi Poulos is an Australian football goalkeeper who last played for Western Sydney Wanderers in the W - League , as an injury replacement for Young Matildas goalkeeper Mackenzie Arnold .
Marko Dinjar ( born 21 May 1986 ) is a Croatian football midfielder who currently plays for Győri ETO in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I. He also appeared for the Croatian national team at various youth levels .
José Ignacio Benítez Castañeda ( born 9 December 1979 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left winger .
Vasyl Novokhatskyi ( Ukrainian : Василь Новохацький ; born 29 April 1974 ) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Ukraine , Greece , and Israel .
Miloš Jevtić ( born November 3 , 1989 ) is a professional Serbian football player who currently plays for Woodlands Wellington as a defender .
Mike Frantz ( born 14 October 1986 in Saarbrücken ) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for SC Freiburg in the Bundesliga .
Zlatko Juričević ( born 28 July 1958 ) is a former professional football goalkeeper who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey .
Hélder de Paula Santos commonly known as Hélder ( born 20 June 1984 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Paraná , on loan from Coritiba Foot Ball Club .
Reiner Ferreira Correa Gomes ( born 17 November 1985 ) or simply Reiner , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Adana Demirspor .
Li Yunqiu ( Chinese : 李运秋 ; Pinyin : Lǐ Yùnqiū ; born 3 October 1990 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Beijing Guoan as a defender .
Charles O'Hagan ( 28 July 1881 - 1 July 1931 ) is a former Irish professional association football forward and manager .
Konstantinos Drampis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Δράμπης ; born in 1952 ) , a Greek football player , was a star midfielder for Aris Thessaloniki F.C. during the ' 70 .
Kim Seok ( born 9 September 1991 ) is a South Korean football player who plays as a forward .
Dakson Soares da Silva , or simply Dakson ( born 11 July 1987 in Santana do Ipanema ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Clube de Regatas Brasil as an attacking midfielder .
Peter Till ( born 7 September 1985 ) is an English semi - professional footballer who plays as a winger for Northern Premier League Division One South club Stafford Rangers .
Archie Hughes ( 1919 -- 1992 ) was a Welsh professional footballer , who played as a goalkeeper for Huddersfield Town , Tottenham Hotspur , Blackburn Rovers , Nelson , Rochdale and Crystal Palace .
Dimitris Pelkas ( Greek : Δημήτρης Πέλκας , born 26 October 1993 in Giannitsa , Pella ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC as an attacking midfielder .
Mohammad Hosseinpour ( Persian : محمد حسین‌پور‎‎ , May 26 , 1993 in Iran ) is an Iranian football midfielder , who currently plays for Khoneh Be Khoneh in Azadegan League .
Mirjana Milenković ( born 14 March 1985 ) is a Serbian - born Montenegrin handball goalkeeper who plays for RK Podravka Koprivnica and for the Montenegrin national team .
Zeferino Martins , also known as Ze Martins ( born September 5 , 1985 ) is an East Timorese footballer who plays as midfielder for Ad .
Richard Goddard - Crawley ( born 31 March 1978 ) is a retired semi - professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Mercédesz Vesszős ( born 10 January 1992 ) is a Hungarian football defender currently playing in the Hungarian First Division for MTK Hungária , with whom she has also played the Champions League .
Yang Chao - hsun ( Chinese : 楊朝勛 ) is a Taiwanese footballer who plays as a defender .
Roberto Donadoni ( Italian pronunciation : ( roˈbɛrto donaˈdoːni ) ; born 9 September 1963 ) is an Italian football manager and former midfielder , who is currently manager for Bologna .
Domenico Berardi ( Italian pronunciation : ( doˈmeniko beˈrardi ) ; born 1 August 1994 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Sassuolo and the Italy national under-21 football team as a forward .
Matthias Trattnig ( born April 22 , 1979 ) is an Austrian ice hockey defenceman .
Myles Kenlock is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Ipswich Town in the Championship .
Slavcho Toshev ( Bulgarian : Славчо Тошев ; born 27 August 1980 ) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper .
José Manuel Nájera ( born 3 September 1988 in Medellín ) is a Colombian football creative midfielder .
Mátyás Sándor ( Serbian : Maћaш Шaндop , Maćaš Šandor ; born 21 March 1973 ) is a retired Hungarian professional football midfielder .
Brian Japp is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the USISL A - League and American Professional Soccer League .
Moisés García León ( born 10 July 1971 ) , known simply as Moisés , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a centre forward .
Sengbah Kennedy ( born 8 April 1991 ) is Liberian international footballer who plays for Arema Cronus , as a midfielder .
Lynette Scavo is a fictional character and one of the four main protagonists on the series Desperate Housewives .
Jia Tanchun ( Chinese : 賈探春 ; Pinyin : Jiǎ Tànchūn ) is the younger half - sister of Jia Baoyu and a major character in the Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
Na'Toth is a fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 .
Eve Dallas is the main character of the In Death novels , a futuristic ( circa 2058 AD ) romance - mystery series by J.D. Robb , pseudonym for author Nora Roberts .
This short gospel records few of Jesus ' words or teachings .
Charles Widmore is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost , which chronicles the lives of over forty people after their plane crashes on a remote island somewhere in the south Pacific .
Mr. Eko Tunde is a fictional character , played by Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje on the ABC television series Lost .
Fred VII is a fictional character in the G.I. Joe : A Real American Hero comic book , a member of the Crimson Guard , the elite Cobra combat and covert operations / infiltration force .
Wiglaf ( Old English pronunciation : ( ˈwiɣlɑf ) ) is a character in the Anglo - Saxon epic poem Beowulf .
Clarissa von Anstetten ( née Prozeski and formerly Kaufmann ) is a fictional character on German soap opera Verbotene Liebe ( Forbidden Love ) .
King Claudius is a fictional character and the primary antagonist of William Shakespeare 's tragedy Hamlet .
Elle Greenaway is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama Criminal Minds , portrayed by Lola Glaudini throughout the first season and the beginning of the second season .
Coilus was a legendary king of the Britons during the time of the Roman occupation of Britain as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth 's pseudohistorical Historia Regum Britanniae .
Later , following escalating Transformer activity on Earth ( as seen in The Transformers : Devastation ) , and losing control of their other captive Transformers Ravage and Laserbeak , Skywatch reactivated Grimlock as a response .
Shang Tsung is a fictional boss and player character from the Mortal Kombat series .
Kelly Boulter was a fictional character in the UK soap opera Family Affairs , played by Carryl Thomas from 2003 until 2005 .
Anna Milton is a fictional character portrayed by actress Julie McNiven on The CW Television Network 's drama and horror television series Supernatural .
Gehazi , Geichazi , or Giezi ( Douay - Rheims ) ( Hebrew : גֵּיחֲזִי ; Tiberian : Gêḥăzî ; Standard : Geẖazi ; `` valley of vision '' ) is a figure found in the Books of Kings in the Hebrew Bible .
Sun Wukong , also known as the Monkey King , is a main character in the Chinese classical novel Journey to the West .
Tobias Beecher is a main character on the television show Oz , played by Lee Tergesen .
Arthur Branch is a fictional character on the TV crime drama Law & Order and one of its spinoffs , Law & Order :
Hercule Poirot Investigates .
Deathsaurus ( officially called Deszaras in Japan ) is a fictional character in the animated series Transformers :
Julia Morrisey Larrabee is a fictional character played by Sarah Brown from August 2004 to March 2005 on the soap opera As the World Turns .
John Stape is a fictional character from the British soap opera , Coronation Street , played by actor Graeme Hawley .
Manoah ( Hebrew : מָנ֫וֹחַ‎ Mānōwaḥ ) is a figure from Judges 13:1 - 23 and 14:2 - 4 of the Hebrew Bible .
Pussy Galore is a fictional character in the 1959 Ian Fleming James Bond novel Goldfinger and the 1964 film of the same name .
Ultra Magnus is the name of several fictional characters from the various Transformers storylines , generally appearing as a chief lieutenant of Optimus Prime .
In the Hebrew Bible , Agag is also referred to as the king of Amalek who was defeated by King Saul in fulfillment of a decree by YHVH .
San Theodoros is a fictional country in The Adventures of Tintin , the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
Scott Robinson and Charlene Mitchell are fictional characters and a supercouple from the Australian soap opera Neighbours .
The only female judge mentioned in the Bible , Deborah led a successful counterattack against the forces of Jabin king of Canaan and his military commander Sisera ; the narrative is recounted in chapter 4 .
Sir Hugo Drax is a fictional character created by author Ian Fleming for the 1955 James Bond novel Moonraker .
Zack Allan is a character in the fictional universe of the science - fiction television series Babylon 5 , played by Jeff Conaway .
Perceptor returned in the third series of G.I. Joe vs. The Transformers .
Vinea is a fictional planet that appears in the Yoko Tsuno graphic novel series by Roger Leloup .
Rani Maharani is a 1990 Indian Kannada language film directed by B. Ramamurthy , starring Ambarish , Shashikumar and Malashri in lead roles .
Color Me Olsen is an 18-minute 2007 short independent film directed and written by Darren Stein .
Tehran Has No More Pomegranates ! ( Persian : تهران انار ندارد‎ ) is a 2006 musical - comedy Iranian Crystal Simorgh award - winning film produced , directed and written by Massoud Bakhshi .
Under Heavy Fire , also known as Going Back , is a 2001 American feature war film .
Endrendrum Punnagai ( English : Everlasting Smile ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil coming - of - age film written and directed by I. Ahmed starring Jiiva , Trisha Krishnan , Vinay Rai and Santhanam .
Thayamma is a 1991 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Gopi Bhimsingh , starring Pandiyan , Anand Babu and Babu with Geetha and Oru Thalai Ragam Shankar .
Ligo na Ü , Lapit na Me ( Star Crossed Love ) ( literal translation : Take a Shower , I 'm Almost Near ) is an independent Filipino movie released on July 2011 through Noel Ferrer Productions .
Sorga Ka Toedjoe ( ( ˈsɔrɡa kə ˈtudʒu ) ; vernacular Malay for Seventh Heaven ; also advertised under the Dutch title In Den Zevenden Hemel ) is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies ( present - day Indonesia ) directed by Joshua and Othniel Wong for Tan 's Film .
Gehri Chaal is a 1973 Bollywood Action thriller film , produced & directed by C.V. Sridhar on Chithrakala Pictures banner .
Kalaya Tasmai Namaha is a 2012 Kannada Crime drama movie directed and written by Chandrashekar Shrivastav .
Gigolo Wannabe ( also known as Waters ( ウォーターズ ) ) is a comedy genre film , released March 11 , 2006 .
Mohabbat Ki Kasauti also called Rooplekha in Bengali was a 1934 Indian `` semi - historical '' bilingual film in Hindi and Bengali , directed by P. C. Barua for New Theatres .
Door , Door is the debut album by Australian rock band The Birthday Party , released under the name `` The Boys Next Door '' in 1979 .
Water , Water Every Hare is a Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1952 featuring Bugs Bunny and Gossamer .
Blue Demon contra las diabólicas ( also known as Blue Demon vs. the Infernal Brains ) is a 1966 ( various sources also say 1967 ) Mexican horror film .
Thaali Bhagyam ( Tamil : தாலி பாக்கியம் ) is a Tamil film is directed by K. B. Nagabhushanam released in 1966 .
El Apóstol ( Spanish : `` The Apostle '' ) was a 1917 Argentine animated film utilizing cutout animation , and the world 's first animated feature film .
The Magic Aster ( 马兰花 ; Ma Lan Hua ) is a Chinese animated film released June 19 , 2009 by Shanghai Animation Film Studio , Xiamen Shangchen Science and Technology company and the Shanghai Chengtai investment management company .
Cheikhei was released at MSFDS on 13 December 2015 .
My Lady Incog is a 1916 American silent film produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount .
Chaarulatha ( also spelled as Charulatha ) is a 2012 Indian horror film simultaneously made in Kannada and Tamil languages .
Before the Music Dies ( B4MD ) is a 2006 U.S. documentary film that criticizes the American music industry and the increasing commercialization of the art of music over the past thirty years .
Riders to the Stars is a 1954 independently made American color science fiction film produced by Ivan Tors Productions and released by United Artists .
Idhuvum Kadandhu Pogum ( English : This Too Shall Pass ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil tragedy drama film directed by the debutants Anil Krishnan and Srihari Prabaharan .
Three Minute Moments is a 2007 British comedy feature film about speed dating .
Nethaji is a 1996 Tamil action film directed by Murthy Krishna .
A Small Ball Shot by a Midget ( Hangul : 난장이가 쏘아올린 작은 공 ; RR : Nanjeongiga soaolrin jakeun kong ) is a 1981 South Korean film by Lee Won - se based on the same - titled novel by Cho Se - hui .
From the Top Down is a 2006 British documentary film about the management and governance of the University of Sussex .
Vaalu ( English : Naughty ) is an 2015 Indian Tamil - language action comedy film written and directed by debutant Vijay Chandar .
Donald 's Cousin Gus is a 1939 Walt Disney cartoon in which Donald Duck is visited by his gluttonous cousin , Gus Goose , who proceeds to eat Donald out of house and home .
Revenge of the Mutant Camels was announced in the Dec 1983/Jan 1984 issue of Commodore Horizons with a prospective release for mid - December 1984 .
The Hawk Is Dying is a 2006 film based on the book by Harry Crews .
Carousel of Variety ( Italian : Carosello del varieta ) is a 1955 Italian musical film directed by Aldo Bonaldi and Aldo Quinti and featuring a number of performers in a revue - style show .
Captain Starlight , or Gentleman of the Road is a 1911 Australian silent film about the bushranger Captain Starlight .
The Andromeda Nebula ( Russian : Туманность Андромеды ) is a 1967 Soviet Science fiction film starring Sergei Stolyarov and directed by Yevgeni Sherstobitov at the Dovzhenko Film Studios .
Killer Constable ( Chinese : 萬人斬 ; aka Lightning Kung Fu or Karate Exterminators ) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts - action film directed by Chih - Hung Kwei and released by Shaw Brothers .
Teav Aek ( Khmer : ទាវឯក ) is a 1972 Khmer film directed by Biv Chai Leang .
The Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok ( 1938 ) is a Columbia movie serial .
Blacksmith Scene ( also known as Blacksmith Scene # 1 and Blacksmithing Scene ) is an 1893 American short black - and - white silent film directed by William K.L. Dickson , the Scottish - French inventor who , while under the employ of Thomas Edison , developed the first fully functional motion picture camera .
Ungu Violet ( Ultra Violet ) is a 2005 Indonesian film , directed by Rako Prijanto .
Our Own Oslo ( Icelandic : Okkar eigin Osló ) is a 2011 Icelandic comedy film directed by Reynir Lyngdal .
Shiva Sainya ( Kannada : ಶಿವ ಸೈನ್ಯ ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada action drama film directed by Shivamani and produced by Y. S. Ramesh .
We Are the Marines is a 1942 full - length documentary film produced by The March of Time .
Charlotte 's Foot ( Polish : U stóp Szarloty ) is a 2012 Polish comedy - drama film .
Dragon Lee vs. The Five Brothers is a 1978 Bruceploitation martial arts film starring Dragon Lee .
Boy Interrupted is a 2009 documentary feature film about the suicide in 2005 of Evan Perry , a 15-year - old boy from New York .
My Kind of Blues is the sixth studio album released by B. B. King in 1961 .
Matando Cabos ( Killing Cabos ) is a 2004 Mexican film directed by Alejandro Lozano in close partnership with long - time friend Tony Dalton .
Rakta Charitra ( English : Blood History ) is a 2010 two - part Indian bilingual biographical crime film based on the life of Paritala Ravindra , and Maddela Cheruvu Suri .
Sambhrama ( Kannada : ಸಂಭ್ರಮ ) is a 1999 Kannada romantic film directed by Mahesh Sukhadare and produced by Srinivasa Combines banner .
Chicha tu madre is a 2006 Argentine and Peruvian drama film directed by Gianfranco Quattrini .
Puberun is an Assamese language film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee of Kolkata and released in 1959 .
Down to the Dirt is a 2008 film based upon Newfoundland author Joel Hynes ' first novel of the same name .
Truant Officer Donald is an animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on August 1 , 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures .
Kuiba ( Chinese : 魁拔 ) or Greatbug is a 2011 Chinese animated film .
Wolf Girl ( alternate title Blood Moon ) is a 2001 Canadian / American horror thriller about a girl who travels with a freak show because of her rare genetic disorder called hypertrichosis .
The Return of Jafar ( also known as Aladdin 2 : The Return of Jafar ) is a 1994 American animated film that is a direct - to - video sequel to the 1992 animated film Aladdin , both produced by The Walt Disney Company .
Homely Meals is a 2014 Malayalam film written by Vipin Atley and directed by Anoop Kannan ( who previously directed Jawan of Vellimala ) , starring Vipin Atley , Rajesh Sharma , Neeraj Madhav and Srinda Ashab .
Mud , Bloody Mud is a 1985 Australian TV movie based on a popular comic strip , Bluey and Curley .
Ride on Stranger is a 1979 Australian mini series about a woman in the 1930s .
I Was Born , But ... ( Japanese : 大人の見る絵本 生れてはみたけれど Otona no miru ehon - Umarete wa mita keredo `` An Adult 's Picture Book View -- I Was Born , But ... '' ) is a 1932 black - and - white Japanese silent film directed by Yasujiro Ozu .
Nearly two years later , in August 2007 , Kelly and Jive released ten more chapters on another Trapped in the Closet DVD .
Supercroc is a 2007 movie about a 50-foot crocodile which is running rampant through American cities .
Ammavin Kaipesi was among 2012 Deepavali releases and was released along with Podaa Podi and Thuppakki receiving mixed to positive reviews .
Savage Justice is a 1988 action film shot in the Philippines .
You Ruined My Life is a 1987 television film directed by David Ashwell .
Mangalyam Tantunanena ( Kannada : ಮಾಂಗಲ್ಯಂ ತಂತುನಾನೇನ ) is a 1998 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed by V. S. Reddy and produced by Allu Aravind .
Gia mia houfta touvla ( Greek : Για μια χούφτα τούβλα ) is a 1987 Greek comedy film which was released straight to video .
Moongirl is an animated short produced in 2005 by Laika .
Soft Fruit is a 1999 drama about a dying mother , and her children who come together to fulfill her last wishes .
Pesarattu is a 2015 Telugu language romantic comedy film directed by Mahesh Kathi .
Queen of the Mountain is a 2005 documentary about Theresa Goell , a middleaged woman who , in 1947 , left her husband and son to dig beneath the Sanctuary of Nemrud Dagh .
Huli Hebbuli ( Kannada : ಹುಲಿ ಹೆಬ್ಬುಲಿ ) is a 1987 Kannada action film directed by Vijay and written by Shanmuga Sundaram .
Little Ashes is a 2008 Spanish - British drama film set against the backdrop of Spain during the 1920s and 1930s , as three of the era 's most creative young talents meet at university and set off on a course to change their world .
Although most scholars consider A Free Ride a 1915 film , some sources claim that it was produced later .
The Young Millionaire is a 1912 short silent film drama .
B.S. I Love You is an American comedy - drama film from 1971 .
The Art of Listening is a 1994 book on psychology by psychoanalyst Erich Fromm .
Aw Aaakare Aa ( Odia : ଅ ଆକାେର ଆ ) is a 2003 Indian Oriya film directed by Subash Das , This film reflects change in the present education system and projected another very sensitive issue -- the drudgery and defeatism of modern education system
The Major is the first BBC natural history documentary film to be made in colour , though it was originally screened , in 1963 , in black and white , as colour television broadcasts did not begin in the United Kingdom until 1967 .
Strangler vs. Strangler ( Serbian : Давитељ против давитеља / Davitelj protiv davitelja ) is a 1984 Yugoslav film featuring elements of comedy , thriller and horror genres .
Not Angels But Angels is a 1994 documentary film about young men in Prague working as prostitutes .
Switchblade Sisters is a 1975 action and exploitation film detailing the lives of high school - aged female gang members .
Wyatt Earp 's Old West is a computer game developed by Grolier Electronic Publishing in 1994 for the IBM PC .
A Taste of Romance is a 2012 Hallmark Channel original movie directed by Lee Rose from a screenplay by Jennifer Notas .
Manassiddare Marga ( Kannada : ಮನಸ್ಸಿದ್ದರೆ ಮಾರ್ಗ ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film , directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Nahatha and Srikanth Patel .
The Purifiers is a 2004 action film directed by Richard Jobson , and starring Dominic Monaghan .
Kitne Door Kitne Paas ( कितने दूर कितने पास ) ( English : How Far How Near ) is a Hindi film released in 2002 .
Kunthi Puthra ( Kannada : ಕುಂತೀ ಪುತ್ರ ) is a 1994 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by Vijay .
The Monster X Strikes Back / Attack the G8 Summit ( Japanese : ギララの逆襲／洞爺湖サミット危機一発 Girara no Gyakushū : Tōyako Samitto Kiki Ippatsu , meaning `` Guilala Strikes Back : the Tōyako Summit Attack Crisis '' ) is a 2008 independent Japanese Kaiju comedy film , released by Shochiku and produced by the Guilala Production Committee .
History of Fear ( Spanish : Historia del Miedo ) is a 2014 Argentine drama film directed by Benjamín Naishtat .
The Mystery of the Third Planet ( Russian : Тайна третьей планеты , Tayna tretyey planety ) , aka The Secret of the Third Planet is a 1981 Soviet traditionally animated feature film directed by Roman Kachanov and produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow .
Gentille Alouette is a 1990 French - Chilean film written and directed by Sergio Castillo .
Anna 's Sin ( Italian : Il peccato di Anna ) is a 1952 Italian drama film .
Theatre of Death ( also known as Blood Fiend ) is a 1967 British horror movie .
Four Eyed Monsters , a film by Susan Buice and Arin Crumley premiered at the slamdance film festival in 2005 .
When Puppets and Dolls Attack ! is a 2004 horror DVD containing clips of kills from every Full Moon Features film about killer puppets , dolls , and toys .
Your Pilot 's License is a book published in 2003 by Jerry A. Eichenberger .
Angadikkappurathu is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film , directed by IV Sasi and produced by Rosamma George .
The Mudge Boy is a 2003 American drama film produced by Showtime .
Africa Adventure is a 1954 American documentary film which follows a safari around East Africa , led by big - game hunter Robert C. Ruark .
`` Death on the Rock '' was a controversial television documentary produced by Thames Television as part of the current affairs series This Week , and broadcast on ITV on 28 April 1988 .
Antônia is a 2006 Brazilian drama musical film which tells the story of Antônia , an Afro - Brazilian hip - hop girl group formed by four young women living on a favela of São Paulo .
The Legend of the Evil Lake ( Hangul : 천년호 ; RR : Cheonnyeonho ) is a 2003 South Korean fantasy / horror film directed by Lee Kwang - hoon .
A Tale of Legendary Libido ( Hangul : 가루지기 ; RR : Garujigi ) is a 2008 South Korean film .
Hier encore je t’espérais toujours is a Canadian 2008 documentary film .
The Other Bank ( Georgian : გაღმა ნაპირი ) is a 2009 Georgian drama film directed by Giorgi Ovashvili .
Battle for Terra , originally screened as Terra , is a 2007 American 3D computer animated action - adventure science fiction drama thriller film , based on a short film of the same name about a peaceful alien planet which faces destruction from colonization by the displaced remainder of the human race .
At Middleton is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by Adam Rodgers and starring Vera Farmiga , Andy García , Taissa Farmiga , and Spencer Lofranco .
So Goes My Love ( released as A Genius in the Family in the UK ) is an American 1946 comedy film , produced by Universal Pictures .
One Stone Two Birds ( Pinyin : Yi Shi Er Niao ) is a 2005 Taiwanese film directed by Chu Yin - Ping .
You Ought to Be in Pictures is a 1940 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes short film featuring Porky Pig and Daffy Duck .
The Duel of the Century is a 1981 Hong Kong film adapted from Juezhan Qianhou of Gu Long 's Lu Xiaofeng novel series .
The C.H.A.O.S. Continuum is a pre - rendered computer adventure game developed by Dash Digital and published by Creative Multimedia Corporation in 1993 .
Zarathrusta is a 1991 computer game for the Amiga , developed by The Whiz Kidz and published by Hewson Consultants .
The Life and Death of a Porno Gang ( Serbian : Život i smrt porno bande ) is a 2009 Serbian horror film following a group of travelling sex show performers and pornographic filmmakers who are lured into making snuff films .
The Last of the Secret Agents ? is a 1966 American film that spoofs the spy film genre , starring the then - popular comedy team of Allen & Rossi .
Gulliver Mickey is a black and white Mickey Mouse short , produced by Walt Disney and released by United Artists in 1934 .
Agraharathil Kazhutai ( English : Donkey in the Brahmin ghetto ) is a 1977 Tamil language film .
Québec - Montréal is a Canadian comedy film , released in 2002 .
In 1926 the novel The Snake 's Skin was published for the first time in Georgian , the language in which it was originally written .
Plastic Utopia is a 1997 independent comedy written by David and Nathan Zellner .
Zhuangzi Tests His Wife ( Chinese : 莊子試妻 ; pinyin : Zhuangzi shi qi ) is a 1913 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Minwei .
Consuming Spirits is a 2012 American animated drama film directed by Chris Sullivan and his directorial debut .
Biligiriya Banadalli ( Kannada : ಬಿಳಿಗಿರಿಯ ಬನದಲ್ಲಿ ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada film , directed by Siddalingaiah and produced by Smt Jayadevi .
Soul of the Game is a 1996 made - for - television movie about Negro league baseball .
Zameen Aasman ( Urdu Punjabi Double version زمین آسمان ) is a 1994 Pakistani drama film action film .
They Paid With Their Blood ( Turkish : Kanlariyla Ödediler ) is a 1955 Turkish drama film directed by Osman F. Seden .
Chithrakuzhal ( Malayalam : ചിത്രക്കുഴൽ ) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Majeed Gulistan .
A La Cabaret is a 1916 silent comedy short directed and written by Walter Wright .
Mr. Justice Raffles was a 1909 novel written by E.W. Hornung .
Nightwatching is a 2007 film about the artist Rembrandt and the creation of his painting The Night Watch .
`` Vi kan gunga '' is a song written by Niklas Edberger , Johan Fransson and Tim Larsson , Tobias Lundgren , and performed by Jimmy Jansson at Melodifestivalen 2005 .
Auto Brothers is a 1999 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Nissar , starring Ashokan and Chandni in the lead role .
I Do n't Give a Damn ( Hebrew : לא שם זין‎ , translit . Lo Sam Zayin ) is a 1987 Israeli drama film directed by Shmuel Imberman , and starring Ika Zohar , Anat Waxman , and Shmuel Vilozni .
Sherlock Holmes and the Baker Street Irregulars was a 2007 BBC television drama about Sherlock Holmes and the Baker Street Irregulars , a gang of children who would occasionally help him .
Alive : 20 Years Later is a 1993 documentary film produced , directed and written by Jill Fullerton - Smith and narrated by Martin Sheen .
Locos por la música(English : Crazy for the music ) is a 1980 Argentine film directed by Henry Dawi .
How William Shatner Changed the World ( or How Techies Changed the World with William Shatner in Europe , Asia , and Australia ) is a 2005 two - hour television documentary , commissioned by Discovery Channel Canada and co - produced for History Channel in the United States and Channel Five in the United Kingdom .
The Texas Promise is a 2014 documentary film about public education in Texas .
Sydney 's Darlings is a 1926 Australian silent film set in the world of yachting .
Hackers Are People Too is a 2008 documentary film about the hacker community , written and directed by Ashley Shwartau .
La Grande Bouffe ( Italian : La grande abbuffata , English : The Grande Bouffe and Blow - Out ) is a 1973 French--
Hum Pyar Tumhi Se Kar Baithe is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film directed by Mohan Singh Rathor and produced by Ratan Jain .
The Middle Course is a low budget 1961 British war film .
Mother Goose Goes Hollywood is a 1938 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures .
The Utopian Society is a film made in 2003 , re - released by Warner Brothers in 2008 .
Balzaminov 's Marriage ( Russian : Женитьба Бальзаминова ) is a 1964 Soviet comedy film directed by Konstantin Voynov .
Samantharam ( English : Parallel ) is a 1985 Malayalam film by John C. Sankaramangalam .
The program was first released on 6 October 1999 when Johansen posted an announcement of DeCSS 1.1b , a closed source Windows - only application for DVD ripping , on the livid - dev mailing list .
The Rise and Fall of the Great Lakes is a 1968 Canadian short film featuring a humorous geography lesson , in which a canoeist travels abruptly through time as he crosses the Great Lakes , experiencing cataclysmic changes in different eras .
Half - Fare Hare is a 1956 animated Merrie Melodies cartoon featuring Bugs Bunny .
North 24 Kaatham is a 2013 Indian Malayalam road movie written and directed by debutante Anil Radhakrishnan Menon .
Doppia coppia con Regina ( Spanish title : Alta tensión ) is a 1972 Spanish - Italian film .
The Time , the Place and the Girl is a 1929 American black - and - white musical film , based on the 1907 musical play of the same name .
Chastity Bites is a 2013 comedy - horror film written by Lotti Pharriss Knowles and directed by John V. Knowles .
Free to Choose ( 1980 ) is a book and a ten - part television series broadcast on public television by economists Milton and Rose D. Friedman that advocates free market principles .
Mother Fish held its world premiere at the 2009 Sydney Film Festival where it was also in Official Competition .
They were revised and combined into one volume , Queen of Camelot , in 2002 .
Go After an Easy Prey ( Chinese : 瓮中捉鳖 ) is a Chinese animated film in black and white from 1948 .
Targeting Iran is a 2013 documentary film `` designed to help Western audiences understand the complexities of historic and contemporary U.S./Iranian relations in an effort to derail potential military action . ''
Intersexion ( 2012 ) is a documentary about intersex people .
Christmas with a Capital C is a 2010 Christian drama direct - to - DVD film directed by Helmut Schleppi .
35-åringen is a 1989 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla . T he album was awarded a Rockbjörnen award in the category `` Swedish record of the year '' .
Nadigai is a 2008 Tamil film released on 28 November 2008 .
Joe Palooka , Champ is a 1946 American film featuring the popular comic - strip boxer Joe Palooka .
Mr. Robinson Crusoe is a 1932 Pre - Code American film .
The Petrov Affair is a 1987 mini series based on the defection of Vladimir Petrov .
The Reluctant Saint is a 1962 film which tells a somewhat fictionalized version of the story of Joseph of Cupertino , a 17th - century Italian Conventual Franciscan friar and mystic who is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church .
My Valentine Girls is a film released in 2011 .
Flying Padre is a 1951 short subject black - and - white documentary film .
My Japan is a 1945 American anti - Japanese propaganda short film produced to spur sale of American war bonds .
Driver Ramudu ( Telugu : డ్రైవర్ రాముడు ) is a 1979 Telugu action - drama film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao .
Dattha ( Kannada : ದತ್ತ ) is a 2006 Kannada action film directed by Chi Guru Dutt and written by Janardhan Maharshi .
Sasanam is a 2006 Tamil drama film directed by Mahendran .
Queen II is the second studio album by British rock group Queen , released on 8 March 1974 .
Chan Varyam ( Punjabi : چن ور یأم ) is a 1981 Pakistani action film .
Chai Lai ( Thai : ไฉไล , English title : Dangerous Flowers and also known as Chai Lai 's Angels ) is a 2006 Thai action film about five female top - secret crimefighters , each with the codename of a flower , Lotus , Hibiscus , Rose , Spadix and Crown of Thorns .
Tracked by the Police is a 1927 silent film produced and distributed by the Warner Bros. with a story written by Darryl Zanuck .
Mani di fata ( Fairy hands ) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Steno .
Jalte Badan is a 1973 Bollywood drama film about the perils of drug addiction .
D ' Kilabots Pogi Brothers Weh ? ! is a 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Soxy Topacio .
The Twilight of Briareus placed tenth in the poll for the Locus Award for science - fiction novels of 1974 .
Akropol ( aka Acropole ) is a 1995 musical film by Alco Films ( with F.F. Film House Ltd , Greek Film Centre and ET 1 ) .
Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal ( Malayalam : നമുക്കു പാർക്കാൻ മുന്തിരിത്തോപ്പുകൾ , namukku pāṟkkāṉ muntirittōppukaḻ ? ; translation : Vineyards for Us to Dwell In ) is a 1986 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Padmarajan .
Death in High Heels is a 1947 British crime film directed by Lionel Tomlinson and starring Don Stannard , Elsa Tee and Veronica Rose .
Our Time Is Up is a 2004 live action short film , written and directed by Rob Pearlstein .
Xuxa Gêmeas is a 2006 Brazilian children 's film directed by Jorge Fernando and starring by Xuxa Meneghel .
The Dying Rooms is a 1995 television documentary film about Chinese state orphanages .
Cigarette Girl is a 2009 film written and directed by Mike McCarthy and starring Cori Dials , Ivy McLemore , Helen Bowman , and Danny Vinson .
D - War ( Korean : 디워 ) , is a 2007 South Korean fantasy action film released in North America as Dragon Wars :
Shooting the Past is a television drama by Stephen Poliakoff , produced by TalkBack Productions for BBC Two and first shown in 1999 .
If the Huns Came to Melbourne is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by George Coates .
It was released 27 October 2011 for Microsoft Windows , with its first official DLC , Take On Helicopters :
The Life of Harry Dare is a 1995 Australian film about an aboriginal detective .
A Teacher 's Crime is a 2008 American - Canadian TV movie directed by Robert Malenfant .
1st Rank Raju ( Kannada : ೧ಸ್ಟ್ ರಾಂಕ್ ರಾಜು ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada comedy drama film written and directed by Naresh Kumar HN in his debut , and produced by V. K. Manjunath .
Pallet on the Floor is a 1986 New Zealand made drama / comedy , based on the final novel by Ronald Hugh Morrieson .
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson ( Russian : Шерлок Холмс и доктор Ватсон ) is a 1979 Soviet film adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle 's novels about Sherlock Holmes .
The Bizarre Country ( Serbian : Neka čudna zemlja , Нека чудна земља ) is a 1988 former Yugoslav drama / fantasy film based on the satirical novellas Stradija and Danga , written by Serbian writer Radoje Domanović .
Barbie of Swan Lake is a 2003 direct - to - DVD Barbie movie directed by Owen Hurley .
The Devil 's Game ( Hangul : 더 게임 ; RR : Deo Geim ; lit . `` The Game '' ) is a 2008 South Korean film .
China Cry is a 1990 biographical film set during rise of the communist state in China , based on the book by Nora Lam .
The Butterfly Room is a 2012 American - Italian thriller - horror film directed by Jonathan Zarantonello .
Completely Well is the seventeenth studio album by blues guitarist B. B. King released in 1969 .
Pavitra Bandham ( English : Divine Relation ) is a 1996 Telugu drama film produced by C.Venkataraju , G.Sivaraju on Geeta Chitra International banner , directed by Muthyala Subbaiah .
Nieng Arp ( Khmer:អាប ) , with an international title of Lady Vampire and also known as Vampire and Bodyless , is a 2004 Cambodian horror film .
Just a Little Harmless Sex is a 1999 romantic comedy film which revolves around the offer of oral sex by a stranded motorist ( and prostitute ) to a monogamous man who stops to help her .
Top Floor , Left Wing ( Dernier étage , gauche , gauche ) is a 2010 French comedy film .
The Grudge 3 is a 2009 American supernatural horror film and the third film in The Grudge series .
Brooklyn Castle ( 2012 ) is a documentary film about Intermediate School 318 , an inner - city public school in Brooklyn , New York .
The Powers Girl , sometimes retitled Hello , Beautiful , is a 1943 musical comedy about women employed by John Robert Powers ' modeling agency .
`` Catallena '' ( Hangul : 까탈레나 ) is the third Korean single album , and sixth single overall by Orange Caramel , released 12 March 2014 .
The production of the film took place earlier than Namewee 's Nasi Lemak 2.0 , but as Nasi Lemak 2.0 was released earlier , Petaling Street Warriors thus has become the second full - length movie Namewee would star in 2011 .
Black Sun Rising , published in 1991 , is a fantasy novel by C. S. Friedman .
Amnios is a 1991 computer game for the Amiga platform .
The Glory Years is a DVD from a rock group Gillan released in 2008 by Eagle Rock Entertainment .
Love Lives On is a fact - based TV film that aired on ABC on April 1 , 1985 .
Protecting the King is a 2007 American drama film starring Peter Dobson as Elvis Presley .
Heiko ( 2008 ) is a Portuguese short film , directed by David Bonneville and produced by the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation .
Master of Zen is a 1994 Hong Kong film based on the legends surrounding the life of Bodhidharma .
The Stories of John Cheever is a 1978 short story collection by American author John Cheever .
O Fósforo Eleitoral ( The Election Match ) is an early silent Brazilian film , released in 1909 .
11:14 is a 2003 American indie thriller .
No Way to Heaven is a 2008 documentary feature about people allegedly living on light ( Breatharianism ) , directed and produced by Swiss filmmakers Janos Tedeschi and Christof Schaefer .
Those Glory Glory Days is a 1983 British made - for - television film about football .
This meant that accommodating the extra filming request for First Orbit was yet another challenge for the ESA mission directors , '' he told BBC news in a March 2011 interview .
Who Will Run the Frog Hospital ? is the second novel by American author Lorrie Moore , published by Vintage Books in 1994 .
Llamatron is a computer game written by Jeff Minter of Llamasoft , and released as shareware in 1991 for the Atari ST . The game was converted to the Commodore Amiga and PC ( DOS ) the following year .
Suffering Hour is the first album by the St Louis thrash / progressive metal band Anacrusis , released in 1988 on the European label Active Records .
Whorn is the eighth album by the Minneapolis - based noise rock band The Cows , released on March 26 , 1996 by Amphetamine Reptile Records .
Last Round is the seventh studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders , released in 1978 through Adelphi Records .
`` Do I Love You ( Indeed I Do ) '' is a song and single by American soul singer Frank Wilson first pressed in 1965 on the Motown subsidiary label Soul .
Turning Stones was Tzuke 's only album to be released by Polydor Records .
Boogity Boogity was Ray Stevens ' eleventh studio album , released in 1974 , as well as his sixth for Barnaby Records .
`` 4 Seasons of Loneliness '' , to date , is the last number - one pop hit under the Motown records banner ( Boyz II Men was the only Motown act to have number - one pop hits in the 1990s ) .
Bright Black Heaven is the second studio album by American electronica band Blaqk Audio , side project of Davey Havok and Jade Puget of AFI , released on September 11 , 2012 under Superball Music 's imprint Big Death .
For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge ( also known as F.U.C.K. ) is the ninth studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen , released in 1991 on Warner Bros. Records .
Beautiful Intentions is the third solo album from singer - songwriter Melanie C. This is the first album release on Chisholm 's self - founded label , Red Girl Records after parting ways with Virgin Records .
In Case You 're in Love is the third studio album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher , released in 1967 by Atco Records .
Still Bill is the second studio album by American soul musician Bill Withers , released in 1972 by Sussex Records .
90125 is the eleventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes , released on 7 November 1983 on Atco Records .
However , after the band was featured on the VH1 programme Bands Reunited in 2004 , renewed interest in Kajagoogoo prompted EMI to re - issue the band 's three studio albums including Crazy Peoples Right to Speak .
On the Way to the Peak of Normal is the third album by Holger Czukay , released in 1981 through Electrola .
The Altar and the Door is the third studio album by American Christian rock band Casting Crowns , released on August 28 , 2007 on Beach Street Records and Reunion Records .
`` Retard Girl '' is a song by American alternative rock band Hole , written by vocalist and guitarist Courtney Love , and released as the band 's debut single in April 1990 by Sympathy for the Record Industry .
Rae Road is the first solo album of original music by Grand Central Records boss and DJ / musician , Mark Rae .
Love , Loss , Hope , Repeat is an album by the band Carbon Leaf on the Vanguard Records label .
Six Feet Above Yesterday is the first album by Infusion on Sony BMG .
`` Do n't Follow '' is a song by American rock band Alice in Chains ; it is the third single on the studio EP Jar of Flies released on January 25 , 1994 through Columbia Records .
The Original Delaney & Bonnie & Friends was released in July 1969 after Delaney & Bonnie had signed to Elektra Records .
`` I Could Fall in Love '' is a song recorded by American Tejano singer Selena for her fifth studio album , Dreaming of You ( 1995 ) , released posthumously by EMI Latin on June 26 , 1995 .
Room of Lights is the debut album of Crime & the City Solution , released on October 27 , 1986 through Mute Records .
Fontessa is a 1956 album by the Modern Jazz Quartet released on Atlantic Records .
Fair Ai n't Fair is Tim Fite 's second studio album released on ANTI- Records .
Welcome to the Woods is the third studio album by the American country music band The Lost Trailers , released on Universal / Republic Records on April 20 , 2004 .
The Bright Mississippi is an album by New Orleans Jazz and R&B pianist Allen Toussaint released on Nonesuch Records in 2009 .
After being signed by Hopeless Records , The Upsides was later reissued in a deluxe edition featuring four new songs .
High Violet is the fifth studio album by The National , which was released on May 10 , 2010 in Europe and on May 11 , 2010 in North America via 4AD .
Tiny Mirrors is the first full - length recording by Sandro Perri under his own name , following an E.P. on Constellation Records .
German Afternoons was Prine 's second release on Oh Boy Records , the independent label he formed with his manager Al Bunetta , and delves further into the country - flavored sound established on his 1984 release Aimless Love .
The Royal Scam is the fifth album by Steely Dan , originally released by ABC Records in 1976 .
`` My Whole World Ended ( The Moment You Left Me ) '' is the solo debut single for former Temptations lead singer David Ruffin , released on Motown Records in early 1969 ( see 1969 in music ) .
`` Hometown Unicorn '' is the debut single by Super Furry Animals , released on Alan McGee 's Creation Records label on February 26 , 1996 .
During this time , Kirby Trapolino served as Manager , Micah Ottosen served as Road Manager , and Buddy Ottosen served as Guitar Tech . After the collapse of Warner Alliance in 1998 , Caedmon 's Call signed to Essential Records , where they remained until May 2006 .
MCA Records picked up the reissue rights for Con - Test , as well as Nash 's American Band - ages in 1986 , but the abrupt change in record labels led to a near - absence of promotion for both records .
Nine Types of Light is the fourth studio album by American art rock band TV on the Radio , released on April 11 , 2011 through Interscope Records .
Corynne Elliot ( born 1983 in London , England ) , better known as Speech Debelle , is a British rapper signed to the Big Dada record label .
Made of Bricks is the debut studio album by English singer - songwriter Kate Nash , released in the United Kingdom on 6 August 2007 by Fiction Records , Cherrytree Records , and the Universal Music Group .
Arisen is available through Nilaihah Records in both physical and digital download formats .
Take the Weather with You is the twenty fifth studio album by American singer - songwriter Jimmy Buffett , released on RCA Records in 2006 .
The Lotus Effect is the third studio album by the Dutch progressive metal band Sun Caged , released on June 17 , 2011 by Lion Music .
Club Nocturne ( 1998 ) is the 13th studio album ( 14th overall ) from the jazz group Yellowjackets , and their sixth and final release for the Warner Bros. label .
`` Da Funk '' was initially released as a 12 inch single in 1995 under the Soma Quality Recordings label , with the B - side `` Rollin ' & Scratchin ' '' .
Pack Up the Cats is an album by the alternative rock band Local H. It was released on September 1 , 1998 , on Island Records , around the time when Polygram , the parent label of Island , merged with Universal , causing the album to be all but forgotten during the transition .
The Rise and Fall of Ruby Woo is the second studio album by the close harmony trio The Puppini Sisters through Universal Classics and Jazz on 1 October 2007 in the United Kingdom .
`` Flawless ( Go to the City ) '' is a song co - written and performed by British singer - songwriter George Michael and released by Sony BMG on 28 June 2004 .
Fear , Love & War is the third album by the hip hop group Killarmy , which was released September 11 , 2001 , on Loud / Relativity Records .
The Genius of Ray Charles is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Ray Charles , released in 1959 by Atlantic Records .
Leading Off is the debut solo album by American newgrass mandolinist Chris Thile , released on September 25 , 1994 by Sugar Hill Records .
Brain Salad Surgery is the fourth studio album by progressive rock band Emerson , Lake & Palmer , released in 1973 and the first under their Manticore Records imprint .
`` Throw Your Arms Around Me '' is a song by Australian rock band Hunters & Collectors first released as a single in November 1984 by White Label for Mushroom Records .
When Signify was reissued in 2003 on Delerium Records and in 2004 on Snapper Music , Insignificance was packaged as a second disc of Signify , with a slightly altered track list .
`` I Do n't Want to Take a Chance '' is a single released by Mary Wells in 1961 on the Motown label .
Excuses for Travellers is the third album by Mojave 3 , released by 4AD on 15 May 2000 in the UK and 5 September 2000 in the US .
Cancer 4 Cure is the third full - length studio album by El - P , released on Fat Possum Records May 22 , 2012 .
Bobbie Gentry and Glen Campbell is the tenth album by American singer - guitarist Glen Campbell , a collaborative album with Bobbie Gentry , released in 1968 by Capitol Records .
Født til å Herske ( lit . `` Born to rule '' ) is Norwegian solo artist Mortiis 's debut album , released on Malicious Records in 1993 .
No Security is a live album by The Rolling Stones released by Virgin Records in 1998 .
Late Night Final is the second studio album ( and first full - length album after the mini - album Richard Hawley released six months earlier ) from musician Richard Hawley , released in the UK in October 2001 by Setanta Records .
Summer Side of Life is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot 's seventh original album , released in 1971 on the Reprise Records Label .
Too Cold at Home is the second album released by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt , released in 1990 on MCA Records .
The Jeb Loy Nichols Special is a record by Jeb Loy Nichols , released in 2012 on the Decca Records label .
Fear & Freedom is the third studio album by Australian recording artist Ricki - Lee Coulter , released through EMI Music Australia on 17 August 2012 .
Henrik Sundström ( born 29 February 1964 in Lund , Sweden ) is a former professional male tennis player from Sweden .
Meri Cetinić ( born June 15 , 1953 ) is a Croatian female pop singer , a soprano .
Aleksander Zniszczoł ( born March 8 , 1994 in Cieszyn ) is a Polish ski jumper , a member of youth Polish ski jumping team , gold medalist of World Junior Championship 2014 with team .
Arshad Iqbal Burki ( born 15 March 1984 ) is a Pakistani squash player .
The New York Raiders were an American rugby league football team based in Congers , New York .
Chen Jianghua ( simplified Chinese : 陈江华 ; traditional Chinese : 陳江華 ; pinyin : Chén Jiānghuā ) ( born March 12 , 1989 ) , in Panyu , Shawan , Guangzhou , Guangdong , People 's Republic of China ) is Chinese professional basketball player .
Emma Humphries ( born 14 June 1986 ) is a New Zealand association football player who represented her country at international level .
The Serbian and Montenegrin National Badminton Championships is a tournament organized to crown the best badminton players in Serbia and Montenegro .
The 1995 Dubai Tennis Championships was the third edition of this men 's tennis tournament and was played on outdoor hard courts .
Jeffrey Godfrey IV , also known as Jeff Godfrey ( born January 1 , 1992 ) is an American football quarterback and wide receiver .
The 1993 Volvo Tennis San Francisco was a tennis tournament in San Francisco , CA in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1993 ATP Tour .
The Green Monster is a popular nickname for the 37'2 `` ( 11.33 m ) high left field wall at Fenway Park , home to the Boston Red Sox baseball team .
Heyneke Meyer ( born 6 October 1967 in Nelspruit , South Africa ) is a rugby union coach , who was most recently the head coach of the South African national team .
Phil Veivers ( born 25 May 1964 in Beaudesert , Queensland ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer .
Ignacy Nowak ( born 12 January 1949 ) is a Polish chess player who won the Polish Chess Championship in 1985 .
Redipuglia is a baseball team in Serie A federale , Italy 's professional baseball league .
Basket Lattes Montpellier Agglomération ( BLMA ) is a French women 's basketball club from Lattes , Montpellier Agglomération .
Siranush Andriasian ( Armenian : Սիրանուշ Անդրիասյան , born 4 January 1986 in Ejmiatsin ) is an Armenian chess player .
The Lansing Lancers were a professional ice hockey team playing in the International Hockey League .
Sander de Wijn ( born 2 May 1990 , in Boxmeer ) is a Dutch field hockey player .
USA Football is the national governing body for amateur American football in the United States .
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland , Ohio .
Malika Kanthong ( Thai : มลิกา กันทอง , born January 8 , 1987 ) is a member of the Thailand women 's national volleyball team .
The Estonia national football team ( Estonian : Eesti jalgpallikoondis ) represents Estonia in international association football .
Badalona Dracs ( Catalan pronunciation : ( bəðəˈɫonə ˈðɾaks ) , `` Badalona Dragons '' ) is an American football team based in Badalona , Catalonia .
Demetrios Petrokokkinos ( Greek : Δημήτριος Πετροκόκκινος , 17 April 1878 -- 10 February 1942 ) was a Greek tennis player .
The 2004 FIS Ski Jumping Grand Prix was the 11th Summer Grand Prix season in ski jumping on plastic .
The Sarnia Sting are a junior ice hockey team based in Sarnia , Ontario , Canada .
Massimo Cuttitta ( born in Latina , 2 September 1966 ) is a former Italian rugby union footballer and a current coach .
The Cauberg Cyclo - cross is a cyclo - cross race held in Valkenburg , Netherlands .
Javier Méndez González ( born April 22 , 1964 ) is a Cuban baseball player and Olympic silver medalist .
The Alabama Hawks were a professional American football team based in Huntsville , Alabama .
Manchester Rugby Club , founded as Manchester Football Club , was one of the first rugby union clubs in the world , having been founded in 1860 , eleven years before the Rugby Football Union .
The 2009 Malaysia Super Series , not to be confused with the 2009 Malaysia Open Grand Prix Gold , was a badminton tournament held from January 6 to January 11 , 2009 in Putra Indoor Stadium , Malaysia .
The Bahawalpur Stags ( Urdu : بهاولپور سٹاگس‎ ) are a Pakistani men 's professional Twenty20 cricket team that competes in the Haier T20 League and based in Bahawalpur , Punjab , Pakistan .
Dai - Kang Yang ( Chinese : 陽岱鋼 ; pinyin : Yáng Dàigāng;born January 17 , 1987 ; previously known as Yang Chung - shou or Chung - Shou Yang 陽仲壽 ) is a Taiwanese professional baseball player .
Viktor Efremovski ( born October 21 , 1998 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball Small forward who currently plays for Rabotnički in the Macedonian First League .
Vern Fleming ( born February 4 , 1962 ) is an American former professional basketball player who played twelve seasons in the NBA from 1984 until 1996 .
The K League Classic is one of South Korea 's professional association football leagues .
The South Bend Blue Sox was a women 's professional baseball team who played from 1943 through 1954 in the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League .
The 1994 Marseille Open was an ATP tennis tournament played on indoor carpet and held in Marseille , France from 31 January through 6 February 1994 .
Martin Bédard ( born March 23 , 1984 in Laval , Quebec ) is a professional Canadian football fullback for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League .
The Queensland Cup is the top level of rugby league football in Queensland , Australia .
The New York Liberty are a professional basketball team based in New York City , New York , playing in the Eastern Conference in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) .
Maodo Lô ( born March 12 , 1992 ) is a German basketball player , who currently plays for Columbia .
Montedio Yamagata is a professional association football club based in Yamagata Prefecture in Japan .
Ivan Ljubičić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ǐv̞an ʎûbitʃitɕ ) ; 19 March 1979 ) is a retired Croatian tennis player .
Ohsweken Demons are a Canadian professional indoor lacrosse team that play in the Canadian Lacrosse League .
The Pittsburgh Harlequins are an American rugby union founded in 1973 .
Rugby Club CERN - Meyrin - St Genis ( RC CMSG ) are a semi - professional Swiss rugby union club situated on the French--
The Women 's Korean Basketball League ( WKBL ) is the premier women 's basketball league in South Korea .
Phil Spence ( born March 13 , 1954 in Raleigh , North Carolina ) is a retired American basketball player and coach .
The Sale Football Club , nicknamed the Magpies , is an Australian rules football club from Sale , Victoria which compete in the Gippsland Football League ( GFL ) .
The Erris Rams were an American football team based in Erris , and latterly Castlebar , Ireland .
Marija Režan ( born Vrsaljko , on 8 August 1989 in Zadar , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian basketball player .
Angel Goodrich ( born February 24 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player , who currently plays for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
Conor Murray ( born 20 April 1989 in Limerick , Ireland ) is an Irish rugby union player who plays for Munster in the Pro12 and European Rugby Champions Cup .
The ATP Challenger Tour , known until the end of 2008 as the ATP Challenger Series , is a series of international men 's professional tennis tournaments .
VRA Cricket Ground is a cricket ground in Amstelveen , the Netherlands , the home of VRA Amsterdam since 1939 .
Mohammed V Trophy ( French : Coupe Mohammed V ) was an international association football friendly competition held in the city of Casablanca , Morocco .
Rodolfo Gnavi ( born 17 September 1949 in Argentina ) is a former footballer who played one match for the Australia national association football team .
The Men 's Junior European Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for national teams with players under 21 years , currently held biannually and organized by the European Volleyball Confederation , the volleyball federation from Europe .
The 2015 FC Tobol season is the 17th successive season that the club playing in the Kazakhstan Premier League , the highest tier of association football in Kazakhstan .
Ski boots are footwear used in skiing to provide a way to attach the skier to skis using ski bindings .
RK Vardar ( HC Vardar ) ( Macedonian : РК Вардар ) is a handball club from Skopje , Republic of Macedonia .
The 1977 European Super Cup was an association football match played over two - legs between German team Hamburg and English team Liverpool .
The Zagłębie Steelers are an American football team in Będzin , Zagłębie Dąbrowskie , Poland .
The Chilliwack Bruins were a major junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) based out of Chilliwack , British Columbia .
Patricia Ward Hales ( 27 February 1929 -- 22 June 1985 ) was a tennis player from the United Kingdom who reached the singles final of the 1955 U.S. Championships , losing to Doris Hart 6 - -4 , 6 - -2 .
The 2010 AFC President 's Cup was the sixth edition of the AFC President 's Cup , an annual international association football competition between domestic clubs sides run by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) .
Moses Blass ( born March 24 , 1937 ) , also known as Moysés Blás , is a Brazilian former basketball player .
Junior Malili Muliaina ( born 31 July 1980 ) , better known as Mils Muliaina , is a professional rugby union player .
Matteo Pratichetti ( born 27 July 1985 in Rome ) is an Italian rugby union player .
Kendrys Morales Rodriguez ( born June 20 , 1983 ) is a Cuban professional baseball designated hitter for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Osiris Eldridge ( born June 18 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player and former member of Illinois State 's men 's basketball team .
Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 is the second Wii entry of the association football video game Pro Evolution Soccer series by Konami .
Corné van Kessel ( born 7 August 1991 in Veldhoven ) is a professional cyclo - cross cyclist from the Netherlands .
The 2005 Sunfeast Open was the first edition of the WTA tennis tournament Sunfeast Open held in Kolkata , West Bengal , India for women 's professional tennis from 19 - -25 September 2005 .
Tuomas Ketola ( born 21 February 1975 ) is a Finnish former professional tennis player on the ATP Tour .
Damien Blanch is an Australian - born Irish international rugby league footballer .
Saint - Raphaël Var Handball , is a team handball club from Saint - Raphaël , Var , France , that plays in the LNH Division 1 .
Leslie Michael Jasper ( born October 8 , 1986 ) is an American football offensive guard and defensive tackle who is currently a free agent .
The UCI Cyclo - cross World Championships ( for Women ) , to use the official name , is the recognized world championship for cyclo - cross and has been organized annually since 2000 by the Union Cycliste Internationale , the sport 's international governing body .
The NWL Midget Championship was the midget professional wrestling title in the National Wrestling League promotion .
Heini Adams ( born 29 May 1980 in Worcester , South Africa ) is a professional rugby union player .
The Kamloops Blazers are a major junior ice hockey team currently members of the B.C. Division of the Western Conference in the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) .
The 2010 Champions League Twenty20 was the second edition of the Champions League Twenty20 , an international Twenty20 cricket tournament .
Damian de Allende is a South African rugby union player of mixed - race descent , currently playing with the Stormers and Japanese Top League side Kintetsu Liners .
The 2015 World Rugby Nations Cup was the tenth edition of the international rugby union tournament , a competition created by the World Rugby .
Jiangsu Dragons Kentier ( 江苏龙肯帝亚 ) or Jiangsu Dragons or Jiangsu Kentier or formerly known as Jiangsu Daye and Jiangsu Nanjing Steel are a professional basketball team in the South Division of the Chinese Basketball Association , based in Nanjing , Jiangsu .
Elizabeth Minter is a former Australian professional tennis player .
Helmut Kosmehl ( born 27 September 1944 in Magdeburg ) is a German professional handball and football player and football manager .
Omar Quintanilla ( born October 24 , 1981 ) is an American professional baseball infielder for the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican Baseball League ( MBL ) .
The Uli Hoeneß Cup was a pre - season association football match that took place on 24 July 2013 at the Allianz Arena in Munich , Germany .
The Tour Championship ( known as The Tour Championship by Coca - Cola for sponsorship reasons ) is a golf tournament that is part of the PGA Tour .
The Chinese Athletic Association ( CAA ) ( 中国田径协会 ) is the national governing body for the sport of athletics in the People 's Republic of China .
Nikola Kovačević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Ковачевић ) ( born 14 February 1983 ) is a Serbian volleyball player , a member of Serbia men 's national volleyball team , bronze medalist of the World Championship 2010 , European Champion 2011 , bronze medalits of the European Championship in 2007 , 2013 , multimedalist of the World League .
Alain Lorieux ( born March 26 , 1956 in La Tronche ) is a retired French international rugby union player .
Sir William Basil Goulding ( 4 November 1909 -- 16 January 1982 ) was an Irish cricketer , squash player , art collector and prominent businessman .
Sergei Topol is a Russian ice hockey player .
Akapusi Qera ( born 24 April 1984 ) is a Fijian professional rugby union player for Montpellier in the French Top 14 .
Andy Ram ( Hebrew : אנדי רם‎ ; born April 10 , 1980 ) is a retired Israeli professional tennis player .
Ramón Mañón Reyes ( born January 21 , 1968 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is a former professional baseball pitcher .
The Circuit de Barcelona - Catalunya ( Catalan pronunciation : ( sirˈkujd də kətəˈɫuɲə ) ) is a motorsport race track in Montmeló , Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Vincent Masingue , born 31 January 1976 in Saint - Martin - d'Hères , Isère , is a French basketball player , who plays at N ° 5 ( 2.05 m ) .
Nemanja Nedović ( pronounced ( němaɲa nêːdoʋitɕ ) ; Serbian : Немања Недовић ; born 16 June 1991 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Unicaja of the Liga ACB .
Nathan LaFayette ( born February 17 , 1973 ) is a former ice hockey player in the NHL .
Mihalj Keri ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mиxaљ Kepи ; born 15 January 1951 ) is a retired Yugoslav association football player who professionally played in Yugoslavia and the United States .
Richie Brockel ( born July 24 , 1986 in Phoenix ) is an American football fullback who is currently a free agent .
The FIFA U-17 World Cup , founded as the FIFA U-16 World Championship , later changed to the FIFA U-17 World Championship and known by its current name since 2007 , is the world championship of association football for male players under the age of 17 organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) .
Ricardo Ycaza ( born 16 February 1958 in Guayaquil ) is an Ecuadorean tennis player who was a world top 10 junior , a Davis Cup stalwart , and a world top 100 touring professional .
Cathy Warwick ( née Forbes ) ( born 6 February 1968 ) is an English chess player and writer .
Ystads IF is a handball team from Ystad , Sweden .
The San Jose Stealth were a member of the National Lacrosse League , the professional box lacrosse league of North America from 2004 until 2009 .
Grégor Beugnot ( born October 7 , 1957 in Cliron , France ) is a former French professional basketball player and a current professional basketball coach .
Frederick Brock ( born 1901 in Huddersfield ) was a professional association football , who played for Huddersfield Town .
Passer rating ( also known as quarterback rating , QB rating , or passing efficiency in college football ) is a measure of the performance of passers , primarily quarterbacks , in American football and Canadian football .
Evgeny Isakov , sometimes shown as Evgeni Isakov , ( born October 13 , 1984 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who played for Severstal Cherepovets of the RSL from 2002 - -04 .
Zeb Taia ( born 11 October 1984 ) is an Australian - born New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Gold Coast Titans in the National Rugby League .
Kannard Johnson ( born June 24 , 1965 , in Cincinnati , Ohio ) is an American retired professional basketball player .
Scott Dureau ( born 29 July 1986 in Taree , New South Wales ) is a retired Australian professional rugby league footballer .
Atsunori Inaba ( 稲葉 篤紀 , born August 3 , 1972 in Kitanagoya , Aichi , Japan ) is a Japanese professional baseball player for the Hokkaido Nippon - Ham Fighters in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Madden NFL 2001 is an American football video game .
Robert Michael Howfield ( born 3 December 1936 ) , commonly known as Bobby Howfield , is an English former professional sportsman who played both association football and American football .
The Ice Hockey Federation of Russia ( Russian : Федерация хоккея России ) is the governing body overseeing ice hockey in Russia .
Josh Byrnes is an American baseball executive who served as the General Manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks ( 2005 - -10 ) and the San Diego Padres ( 2011 - -14 ) .
Ralph Betza ( born 1945 ) is a FIDE Master and inventor of chess variants such as Chess with different armies , Avalanche chess , and Way of the Knight .
Kiril Popov ( Bulgarian : Кирил Попов ) ( born 15 March 1985 ) is a Bulgarian table tennis player and coach .
The McDonald 's Championship ( sometimes called the McDonald 's Open ) was an international men 's professional basketball cup competition that featured a representative of the National Basketball Association against champion club teams from Europe , Australia , and South America .
Takahito Suzuki ( 鈴木 貴人 ) , born August 17 , 1975 , is a Japanese professional ice hockey Right Winger currently playing for the Nikkō Ice Bucks of the Asia League .
Darius Lukminas ( born February 9 , 1968 in Kaunas , Lithuanian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Lithuanian former basketball player for the Lithuanian national basketball team and Žalgiris Kaunas .
Woolston Rovers are a rugby league team based in Warrington .
The Estádio Algarve is an association football stadium located between Faro and Loulé , in Portugal and the former home of Farense and Louletano , having received some Olhanense and Portimonense matches during their respective stadiums ' works of renovation .
Gábor Császár ( born 16 June 1984 ) is a Hungarian handball player , currently playing for Kadetten Schaffhausen and the Hungarian national team .
Judy Devlin ( later Judy Hashman ) ( born 22 October 1935 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a former badminton player who won more major international titles than any other player of her era .
Virgil Wagner is a former award - winning , all - star and Grey Cup champion Canadian football halfback for the Montreal Alouettes .
Fernanda Ferreira , known as Fernandinha ( born January 10 of 1980 ) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player .
Jantel Lavender ( born November 12 , 1988 ) is a professional basketball player who plays for the Fenerbahçe Istanbul .
The Arab Cup of Ice Hockey was intended to be an annual international ice hockey competition involving teams from Arab nations .
Eurobasket.com is a basketball - centered website that aims to provide coverage of all the professional and semi - professional leagues around the world .
The Detroit Hettche were a minor league professional ice hockey team based in Detroit , Michigan , and played at the Detroit Olympia .
The Smash Championship was a professional wrestling championship , owned and promoted by the Japanese Smash promotion .
Yongin City FC ( Korean : 용인시청 축구단 ) is a South Korean association football club based in Yongin , Gyeonggi .
Kęstutis Marčiulionis ( born April 4 , 1977 in Kaunas , Lithuanian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Lithuanian basketball player .
Barcelona Universitari Club is a Spanish rugby team based in Barcelona .
Satoru Furuta ( 古田悟 , born 3 August 1971 ) is a Japanese former basketball player .
Falu BS , is a bandy club from Falun in Sweden .
The Women 's EHF Challenge Cup is an annual team handball competition for women 's clubs of Europe .
Nikola Lončar ( Cyrillic : Никола Лончар ; born May 31 , 1972 ) is a retired Serbian basketball player .
San Marino Baseball Club is a professional baseball team based in the city of San Marino , in the Republic of San Marino .
The 1998 Guardian Direct Cup was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in London , Great Britain , that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour .
The 2014 Tour of Hainan is the 9th edition of an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in China .
The 2008 ICC Americas Championship Division One was a cricket tournament in the United States , taking place between 25 November and 30 November 2010 .
Gene Miles ( born 21 July 1959 in Townsville , Queensland ) is a retired Australian rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s .
The Japan or All - Japan Figure Skating Championships ( Japanese : 全日本フィギュアスケート選手権 ) are a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of Japan .
Richard Schuil ( born May 2 , 1973 ) is a beach volleyball player from the Netherlands .
The African Handball Confederation , ( acronym CAHB ) referring to a ( French : Confédération Africaine de Handball ) , is the administrative and controlling body for African team handball .
Klaus Perwas ( born 8 March 1971 ) is a German former basketball player and current assistant coach of the German professional club Frankfurt Skyliners .
Bronson Harrison ( born 10 October 1985 ) is a New Zealand retired professional rugby league footballer .
The 2009 ICC World Twenty20 was an international Twenty20 cricket tournament which took place in England in June 2009 .
Cocodrilos de Caracas is a Venezuelan professional basketball club .
Michel Miklík ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈmiʃel ˈmikliːk ) ; born July 31 , 1982 ) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League .
The 1899 Cleveland Spiders season took place in American baseball .
The RC Leipzig is a German rugby union club from Leipzig , currently playing in the Rugby - Bundesliga , the top tier of German rugby .
Francisco de la Rosa Jiménez ( March 3 , 1966 -- January 6 , 2011 ) was a professional baseball pitcher .
Larsen 's Opening ( also called the Queen 's Fianchetto Opening ) is a chess opening starting with the move : 1 .
The WWC Television Championship is a professional wrestling championship that is currently defended in the World Wrestling Council .
The 2011 Farmers Classic , presented by Mercedes - Benz , was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Los Angeles .
Eduardo Flaquer ( 4 November 1896 -- 18 August 1951 ) was a Spanish tennis player who represented Spain in the Davis Cup and Olympic Games .
The EuroHockey Nations Championship is an international men 's and women 's field hockey competition organised by the European Hockey Federation ( EHF ) for the top eight European national teams .
The NCAA Men 's National Collegiate Volleyball Championship was , before 2012 , the only tournament that determined the NCAA championship of American college men 's volleyball .
Eric Fry ( born September 14 , 1987 in Davis , CA ) is an American rugby union player who plays prop .
Adam Cieślar ( born 18 December 1992 ) is a Polish Nordic combined skier .
Super Bowl 50 was an American football game to determine the champion of the National Football League ( NFL ) for the 2015 season .
Carson McMillan ( born September 10 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Idaho Steelheads of the ECHL .
The Symetra Tour , previously known as the LPGA Futures Tour and known for sponsorship reasons between 2006 and 2010 as the Duramed FUTURES Tour , is the official developmental golf tour of the LPGA Tour .
Sean Rudder ( born 13 February 1979 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
The 1999 Dubai Tennis Championships was a tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts at the Aviation Club Tennis Centre in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates that were part of the World Series of the 1999 ATP Tour .
Chun Joo - weon ( born 15 November 1972 ) is a South Korean women 's basketball coach and former player .
Maneepong Jongjit ( Thai : มณีพงศ์ จงจิตร , rtgs : Maniphong Chongchit ; born 21 March 1991 in Phuket ) is a badminton player from Thailand .
Open GDF Suez , formerly Open Gaz de France , was a Premier level tennis tournament on the WTA Tour held in Paris , France .
Listowel Racecourse is a horse racing venue in the town of Listowel , County Kerry , Ireland which stages both National Hunt and Flat racing .
The Rugby League International Federation ( RLIF ) currently oversees and awards the major international sporting award for rugby league on an annual basis and has done so since its inception in 2004 .
Marie Sebag ( born October 15 , 1986 in Paris , France ) is a French chess player , who won the French Chess Championship for women in 2000 and 2002 .
Anne White ( born September 28 , 1961 ) is a former professional United States tennis player from Charleston , West Virginia .
Mark Merklein ( born June 28 , 1972 ) is a Bahamas - born former college and professional tennis player .
Bridget Pettis ( born January 1 , 1971 ) is a former American college and professional basketball player who was a guard in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) for eight seasons during the 1990s and 2000s .
EV Füssen , sometimes also called the Füssen Leopards , is an ice hockey team from Germany .
Hong Kong Premier League ( Chinese : 香港超級聯賽 ) is a Hong Kong professional league for men 's association football clubs organised by the Hong Kong Football Association .
Giorgos Katidis ( Greek : Γιώργος Κατίδης ; born 12 February 1993 ) is a Greek association football player who plays for Levadiakos .
Démosthenes Magalhães , in Brazil better known as Démosthenes and in Italy as Demostene Bertini ( 17 November 1909 in Rio de Janeiro ) , was a Brazilian association football player .
Superfinalen ( `` The Super Final '' ) is a former Norwegian association football competition contested between the previous season 's champions of the Norwegian Premier League and the Norwegian Football Cup .
The Sanya Ladies Open is a golf tournament co - sanctioned on the Ladies Asian Golf Tour and the Ladies European Tour .
Michael Rasmussen ( born 1 June 1974 ) is a retired Danish professional bicycle racer , who competed in road racing and mountain biking .
Howard Carston Catcheside OBE ( 18 August 1899 -- 10 May 1987 ) was an English rugby union player .
Jordi Puig Vicens ( born April 16 , 1971 in Girona , Catalonia , Spain ) is a retired basketball player .
Igor Bijelić ( born September 9 , 1988 ) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who currently plays for KK Kumanovo of the Macedonian First League ( basketball ) .
Lisa Bluder ( born April 16 , 1961 ) is the head coach for the Iowa Hawkeyes women 's basketball program .
Stade Bordelais are a French rugby union club , based in Bordeaux .
Hiram Fuller a.k.a . Hesham Ali Salem ( born May 13 , 1981 ) is Libyan professional basketball player , who grew up in the United States .
The World Rugby Under 20 Championship ( known as the IRB Junior World Championship until 2014 ) is an international rugby union competition .
Sha'reff Rashad , Jr. ( born October 6 , 1986 ) is a former American football safety .
The SV Wacker Burghausen II is a defunct German association football club from Burghausen , Bavaria .
The Israel Super Cup , also known as Champion of Champions ( Hebrew : אלוף האלופים‎ , Aluf HaAlufym ) is an Israeli association football club competition played as a single match between the winner of the latest Israeli top league champions and the winner of the latest Israel State Cup .
The Springfield Celts Rugby Club is a Division III rugby union team based in Springfield , Illinois , United States and is currently in the Illinois Union .
Blair Connor born 29 September 1988 in Brisbane , Australia is a rugby union player from Brisbane , Australia .
Rajko Žižić ( January 22 , 1955 -- August 7 , 2003 ) was a Serbian and Yugoslav professional basketball player .
Garreth Carvell is a retired English professional rugby league footballer .
Raymond Gause is a Puerto Rican former basketball player .
The Bærum Blue Devils is an American football club based in Bærum , Norway .
The 2014 Foxtel Cup was the fourth and final season of the Australian rules football knock - out competition involving clubs from the various state league competitions from around Australia .
The Patinoire de Mériadeck is a sports complex located in Bordeaux , France , which is mainly used for ice hockey .
The Copa Ibérica de Rugby ( Iberian Rugby Cup ) is a rugby union knock - out competition played annually by clubs of the Spanish Rugby Federation and Portuguese Rugby Federation .
Rodrigo Rosario ( born March 4 , 1978 in San Pedro de Macorís , Dominican Republic ) , is a former professional baseball player .
Fyllingen Fotball was a Norwegian association football club from Fyllingsdalen , Bergen , Hordaland .
Anthony Ricketts ( born 12 March 1979 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is a former professional squash player from Australia .
Kim Ki - sung ( Korean : 김기성 born May 14 , 1985 in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey left winger .
The 2010 Three Nationals Figure Skating Championships ( Slovak : Majstrovstva CR a SR seniori ) were the Czech , Slovak , and Polish national figure skating championships in the 2009 - -2010 season .
Patrick Proisy ( born 10 September 1949 ) is a French former professional tennis player best remembered for reaching the finals of the French Open in 1972 losing against Spaniard Andrés Gimeno in four sets .
Chastity Reed ( born March 28 , 1989 ) is an American professional women 's basketball player in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) .
Castleford Tigers RLFC are an English rugby league club based in Castleford , West Yorkshire that plays in the rugby league top - tier Super League .
Celano F.C. Marsica ( known as Celano F.C. Olimpia until the 2010 - 11 season ) is an Italian association football from Celano , Abruzzo .
Jermaine Bucknor ( born November 1 , 1983 ) is a Canadian professional basketball player who currently plays for Belfius Mons - Hainaut of Belgium 's Scooore League .
The KLM Open is an annual golf tournament played in the Netherlands , and has been part of the European Tour 's schedule since the Tour was inaugurated in 1972 .
The United States Basketball League ( OTCQB : USBL ) , often abbreviated to the USBL , was a professional men 's spring basketball league .
Travis Tripucka ( born May 3 , 1989 ) is an American football long snapper who is currently a free agent .
The 2015 State of Origin series was the 35th time the annual best - of - three series between the Queensland and New South Wales rugby league teams is played entirely under ' state of origin ' rules ( 1980 and 1981 were only one game series ) .
Jean - Claude Casties ( born November 11 , 1936 ) is a French former professional association football player and manager .
Guy Pnini ( Hebrew : גיא פניני ) ( born September 4 , 1983 ) is an Israeli professional basketball player who currently plays for the Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Super League .
The 2014 FIBA Europe 3x3 Championships , hosted at the University Square in Bucharest , Romania , was the inaugural European 3x3 basketball event that featured separate competitions for men 's and women 's national teams .
The 2015 IFAF World Championship was the fifth instance of the IFAF World Championship , an international American football tournament .
Marcos Baghdatis ( Greek : Μάρκος Παγδατής , ( ˈmarkos paɣðaˈtis ) ; born 17 June 1985 ) is a Cypriot professional tennis player .
Botkyrka HC was a Swedish ice hockey team .
Georgios Diamantakos ( alternate spellings : Giorgos , George ) ( Greek : Γιώργος Διαμαντάκος ; born January 14 , 1995 ) is a Greek professional basketball player for GKK Šibenik , on loan from Darüşşafaka .
Bojan Radetić ( Serbian : Бојан Радетић , born August 19 , 1988 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player .
Lennox Lewis vs. Michael Grant , billed as `` Two Big '' , was a professional boxing match contested on April 29 , 2000 for the WBC , IBF , IBO and Lineal Heavyweight Championship .
Purav Raja ( born 7 December 1985 ) is an Indian tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour .
The World Team Chess Championship is an international team chess event , eligible for the participation of 10 countries whose chess federations dominate their continent .
Ayşe Cora ( born 3 March 1993 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player at the small forward position who plays for Galatasaray Medical Park .
The 2018 Men 's Hockey World Cup will be the 14th edition of the Hockey World Cup field hockey tournament .
Tommi Salmelainen 's sons Tony ( Genève - Servette HC ) and Tobias ( Porin Ässät ) are both professional ice hockey players .
Suzie McConnell - Serio ( born July 29 , 1966 ) is an American women 's basketball coach and former player .
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was the 33rd staging of African 's premier club volleyball competition held in Sousse , Tunisia over 20 - -29 March .
Grant Lewis ( born January 20 , 1985 ) is a professional ice hockey defenseman currently an unrestricted free agent who last played with EHC Red Bull München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
FK - 34 Brusno - Ondrej is a Slovak association football club located in Brusno .
The 1883 Home Nations Championship was the inaugural series of the rugby union Home Nations Championship .
Jimwell Torion ( born March 13 , 1973 ) is a former Filipino professional basketball player in the PBA from 2000 to 2007 .
The Gerringong Lions are an Australian rugby league football team based in Gerringong , a coastal town of the Illawarra and South Coast regions .
The 2014 ICC World Twenty20 was the fifth ICC World Twenty20 competition , an international Twenty20 cricket tournament , that took place in Bangladesh from 16 March to 6 April 2014 , which was won by Sri Lanka .
Radivoj Korać ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радивој Кораћ ) , sometimes also Radivoje , ( 5 November 1938 -- 2 June 1969 ) was a Serbian professional basketball player .
Gordana Grubin ( Serbian Cyrillic:Гордана Грубин , born August 20 , 1972 in Zrenjanin , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Serbian professional basketball player who played in Europe and the United States .
The Pacific Association of Professional Baseball Clubs is an independent professional baseball league created by Redwood Sports and Entertainment .
The St. Louis Eagles were a professional ice hockey team and a former member of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) based in St. Louis , Missouri .
Joyce Fitch Rymer ( born 3 April 1922 ) is a former tennis player from Australia who reached the women 's singles final of the 1946 Australian Championships , losing to Nancye Wynne Bolton 6 - -4 , 6 - -4 .
Euan Murray ( born 7 August 1980 ) is a Scottish rugby union footballer , currently playing for Pau in the French Top 14 .
The American Contract Bridge League ( ACBL ) is the governing body for contract bridge in the United States , Mexico , Bermuda and Canada and is a member of the World Bridge Federation ; it is the largest such organization in North America .
Erwin Thiesies ( 22 August 1908 -- 18 February 1993 ) was a German international rugby union player , playing for the Berliner SV 92 Rugby and the German national rugby union team .
Basket Rimini Crabs is an Italian professional basketball team based in Rimini , Emilia - Romagna .
Renzo Ulivieri ( born 2 February 1941 in San Miniato , Province of Pisa ) is an Italian association football manager .
Russell Cross ( born September 5 , 1961 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the NBA 's Golden State Warriors in the 1st round ( 6th overall ) of the 1983 NBA Draft .
Mike Tyson vs. Buster Douglas , billed as `` Tyson Is Back ! '' , was a historic boxing match that occurred at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo , Japan on February 11 , 1990 in which then undefeated , undisputed heavyweight champion Mike Tyson lost via knockout to the 42 - -1 underdog Buster Douglas .
Vladimir Mihailović ( Cyrillic : Владимир Михаиловић ; born August 10 , 1990 ) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who currently plays for WALTER Tigers Tübingen in Germany .
The 2012 Haarlem Baseball Week was an international baseball competition held at the Pim Mulier Stadium in Haarlem , the Netherlands from July 13 - -22 , 2012 .
Marco Rosa ( born January 15 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center who currently plays for the Grizzly Adams Wolfsburg of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Theodor von Scheve ( 11 June 1851 -- 19 April 1922 ) was a German chess master and writer .
The 2001 Kroger St. Jude International was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis , Tennessee in the United States that was part of the International Series Gold of the 2001 ATP Tour .
Khaseem Greene ( born February 4 , 1989 ) is an American football linebacker who currently is on the Detroit Lions practice squad .
Desire Montgomery Butler ( born 5 January 1967 ) is a former association football and cricket player from British Virgin Islands ( BVI ) .
Frank von Behren ( born 28 September 1976 in Hille ) is a retired German team handball player .
Adam Freier ( born 20 March 1980 ) is a retired rugby union footballer .
The Dandenong Rangers are an Australian professional women 's basketball team competing in the Women 's National Basketball League ( WNBL ) .
Jean Bethine Clark Church ( February 19 , 1923 -- December 21 , 2013 ) , was the spouse of U.S. Senator Frank Church of Idaho .
Leah Rabin ( Hebrew : לאה רבין‎ , née Schloßberg ; April 8 , 1928 -- November 12 , 2000 ) was the widow of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin , who was assassinated in 1995 .
Rahul Ravindran is married to singer Chinmayi , whom he began dating in June 2013 after being introduced through mutual friends .
'' Lastenia Larriva outlived her husband , the Ecuadorian poet Numa Pompilio Llona ( 1832 - 1907 ) , who was one of the most popular and well - read poets in Ecuador in his time .
Lúthien 's romance with the mortal man Beren is one of the greatest stories of the Elder Days and was considered the `` chief '' of the Silmarillion tales by Tolkien himself .
Valentin Yumashev and his wife Tatyana Yumasheva ( daughter of the first president of Russia Boris Yeltsin ) own half of the tower Imperia Tower in `` Moscow International Business Center '' and half of the business center of `` CITY '' ( 49.58 % of shares ) .
Ava Helen Pauling ( December 24 , 1903 -- December 7 , 1981 ) was an American human rights activist and wife of Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling .
Maud Gage Baum ( March 27 , 1861 -- March 6 , 1953 ) was the wife of L. Frank Baum .
Æthelthryth made an early first marriage in around 652 to Tondberct , chief or prince of the South Gyrwe .
Adrian Bryan - Brown married the theatrical photographer Joan Marcus in 1991 .
Lynn Forester de Rothschild , Lady de Rothschild ( born Lynn Forester ; July 2 , 1954 ) is the chief executive officer of E.L. Rothschild , a holding company she owns with her third husband , Sir Evelyn Robert de Rothschild , a member of the Rothschild family .
Anna Philanthropene ( fl . 1395 - -1404 ) was the second Empress consort of Manuel III of Trebizond .
Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Glücksburg ( German : Viktoria Adelheid Helene Luise Marie Friederike ; 31 December 1885 -- 3 October 1970 ) was the consort of Charles Edward , Duke of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha and maternal grandmother of Carl XVI of Sweden .
In 1959 , Grace Ogot married the professor and historian Professor Bethwell Allan Ogot , a Luo from Gem Location , and later became the mother of four children .
Radhia Nasraoui is married with Hamma Hammami , secretary general of the Workers ' Party since 1981 and they have three daughters , Nadia , and Sarah Oussaïma
Gary Ewing was the second son of oil baron Jock Ewing and Miss Ellie Ewing , the father of Lucy Ewing and the ex - husband of Valene Ewing .
Pieter van Vollenhoven , Jr. ( born 30 April 1939 ) is the husband of Princess Margriet of the Netherlands and a member , by marriage , of the Dutch Royal House .
Eleanor of Provence ( c. 1223 -- 24/25 June 1291 ) was Queen consort of England , as the spouse of King Henry III of England , from 1236 until his death in 1272 .
Big Barda , the character 's love - interest was introduced in Mister Miracle # 4 ( Oct. 1971 ) .
Elizabeth Okie Paxton ( 1877 - -1971 ) was an American painter , married to another artist William McGregor Paxton ( 1869 - -1941 ) .
Nebsemi was an ancient Egyptian queen consort , a wife of Pharaoh Thutmose III of the 18th dynasty .
In May 2007 , Toby Stephens and his wife of six years , New Zealand actress Anna - Louise Plowman , had their first child , son Eli Alistair .
Margaret of Durazzo ( Italian : Margherita di Durazzo 28 July 1347 -- 6 August 1412 ) was Queen of Naples and Hungary and Princess of Achaea as the spouse of Charles III of Naples , and later regent of Naples during the minority of her son .
Empress Xiaoxianchun ( 28 March 1712 -- 8 April 1748 ) was the first Empress Consort of the Qianlong Emperor of the Qing dynasty .
Jeanne , Dame de Chateaudun ( c. 1227 -- after 1252 ) was a French heiress and the wife of two French noblemen Jean I de Montfort , and Jean de Brienne , Grand Butler of France .
Wendy Lee Gramm ( born January 10 , 1945 ) is an American economist and a distinguished senior scholar at George Mason University 's Mercatus Center , a free - market think tank based in Washington D.C. She is also the wife of former United States Senator Phil Gramm .
Vaino Vahing has been married to writer Maimu Berg and actress Heli Vahing .
Karan Patel married Ankita Bhargava on 3 May 2015 in Mumbai .
Princess Helen of Greece and Denmark ( Greek : Ελένη ; 2 May/3 May 1896 -- 28 November 1982 ) was married to King Carol II of Romania prior to his accession , and was the mother of King Michael .
Irene Lekapene ( born Maria ; Bulgarian : Ирина Лакапина , Greek : Μαρία/Ειρήνη Λακαπηνή , died ca . 966 ) was the Empress consort of Peter I of Bulgaria .
Princess Lan ( 蘭王妃 , personal name unknown ) was the wife of Murong Sheng ( Emperor Zhaowu ) , an emperor of the Chinese / Xianbei state Later Yan , while he was an imperial prince .
Ansonia jeetsukumarani ( common name : Jeet Sukumaran 's torrent - dwelling toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Haliotis jacnensis , common name : the Jacna abalone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Mithraculus sculptus , the green clinging crab or emerald crab , is a species of crab in the family Majidae .
The indigobirds and whydahs , are a family , Viduidae , of small passerine birds native to Africa .
Carabus pyrenaeus is a species of ground beetle in the Iniopachus subgenus , that can be found in Andorra , France , and Spain .
Chrysiptera tricincta is a species of damselfish .
Crocidura annamitensis is a small species of shrew from Vietnam , where it is found in the Annamite Range .
Viola douglasii is a species of violet known by the common name Douglas ' violet , or Douglas ' golden violet .
Until 1930 , Barnes ' astrapia ( and all the other hybrid birds of paradise ) were thought to be species and were named as such .
Pholistoma racemosum is a species of flowering plant in the borage family which is known by the common name racemose fiesta flower .
Chiropsalmus quadrumanus , commonly known as the four - handed box jellyfish , is a species of box jellyfish in class Cubozoa .
Geopora cooperi , commonly known as the pine truffle or the fuzzy truffle , is a species of fungus in the family Pyronemataceae .
Keckiella antirrhinoides ( formerly Penstemon antirrhinoides ) is a species of flowering shrub in the plantain family known by the common names snapdragon penstemon and chaparral beardtongue .
Auerodendron pauciflorum is a rare species of flowering plant in the Rhamnaceae family .
Pseudamnicola anteisensis is a species of small brackish water snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Lethrinus laticaudis , the Grass emperor , is a species of emperor native to the western Pacific Ocean where they occur on coral reefs at depths of from 5 to 35 metres ( 16 to 115 ft ) .
Phacus is a genus of unicellular protists , of the phylum Euglenozoa ( also known as Euglenophyta ) .
Isocoma acradenia is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name alkali goldenbush .
Paphiopedilum niveum is a species of orchid occurring from peninsular Thailand to peninsular Malaysia .
Polymesoda maritima , or the maritime marsh clam , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Corbiculidae .
The sand darters , family Kraemeriidae , are a small family ( about 9 species ) of Perciformes fishes native to the Indian Ocean to the central Pacific Ocean .
Baviola is a genus of jumping spiders with three described species .
Kirgizemys is an extinct genus of turtle from Early Cretaceous of China , Mongolia , Russia and Kyrgyzstan .
Philaeus chrysops is a species of jumping spider ( Salticidae ) .
Lampropeltis getula , commonly known as the eastern kingsnake , common kingsnake , or chain kingsnake ( more ) , is a harmless colubrid species endemic to the United States and Mexico .
Pinguicula primuliflora ( /ˌpɪˈŋgwɪkjələ ˌpɹɪmjʊləˈfloːɹə/ ) , commonly known as the southern butterwort or primrose butterwort , is a species of carnivorous plant belonging to the genus Pinguicula .
Hypericum olympicum ( Mount Olympus St. John 's wort ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Hypericaceae .
Mahonia cardiophylla is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 2001 .
Cyathea hooglandii is a species of tree fern native to the Western Highlands of New Guinea , where it grows in mossy forest at an altitude of about 3000 m. The trunk of this plant is erect , up to 3 m tall and approximately 10 cm in diameter .
Canobius is an extinct genus of early ray - finned fish that lived in the Carboniferous period of Europe .
Blechnum spicant is a species of fern in the family polypodiaceae , known by the common names hard - fern or deer fern .
Turbonilla indispensabilis is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae .
Medauroidea extradentata , commonly known as the Vietnamese or Annam walking stick , is a species of the family Phasmatidae .
Excoecaria agallocha , a mangrove species , belongs to the genus Excoecaria of the family Euphorbiaceae .
Leptodactylus wagneri ( common name : Wagner 's white - lipped frog ) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family .
Ornithocephalus falcatus is a species of orchid found from the Guianas , Venezuela , Ecuador , and Peru .
Cimoliornis is a pterosaur genus containing the single species Cimoliornis diomedeus .
Lythrurus roseipinnis , the cherryfin shiner , is a species of fish native to Mississippi , Alabama , and Louisiana in the southeastern United States .
Thylacodes squamigerus , common name the scaled wormsnail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae , the worm snails .
Conus nimbosus , common name the stormy cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Hemidactylus reticulatus , commonly known as the Reticulated Leaf - toed Gecko , is a species of terrestrial , nocturnal , insectivorous gecko found in rocky areas of South India .
Aristolochia tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the Aristolochiaceae family .
Paracroton zeylanicus is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae that is endemic to south - western parts of Sri Lanka .
Rubus paludivagusis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Megacephala ion is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997 .
Agrianthus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae described as a genus in 1836 .
Aromobates , sometimes known as the skunk frogs , is a genus of frogs from the Andes of Venezuela and Colombia .
Haliotis brazieri , common name Brazier 's ear shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Ribes watsonianum is a North American species of currant known by the common names spring gooseberry and wild gooseberry .
Cophoscincopus ( common name : keeled water skinks ) is a genus of skinks endemic to West Africa .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Laricina mollis .
Chilonopsis blofeldi was a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae .
Vesperus sanzi is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that can be found in Portugal and western Spain .
Dendropsophus columbianus ( common name : Boettger 's Colombian treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Lyncina sulcidentata , common name the Square Toothed Cowry or Groove Toothed Cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Longitarsus alfierii is a species of beetle in the Galerucinae subfamily that can be found in such European countries as Bulgaria , Greece , Republic of Macedonia , Spain , Ukraine , Yugoslavia , and on Crete .
Dryinus grimaldii is an extinct species of wasp in the dryinid genus Dryinus .
Thelephora is a genus of fungi in the family Thelephoraceae .
Engina tuberculosa is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Lepidothamnus intermedius ( Yellow Silver Pine ) is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family .
Weberocereus is genus of cacti .
Sauropelta ( /ˌsɔːroʊˈpɛltə/ SAWR - o - PEL - tə ; meaning ' lizard shield ' ) is a genus of nodosaurid dinosaur that existed in the Early Cretaceous Period of North America .
Baccharoides is a genus of Asian and African plants in the evil tribe within the sunflower family .
Multiclavula vernalis is a species of clavarioid fungus in the family Clavulinaceae .
Crepis pannonica ( pasture hawksbeard ) is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Crataegus pruinosa is a species of hawthorn known by the common name frosted hawthorn .
Japalura is a genus of lizards in the family Agamidae .
Salix eriocarpa is a species of willow native to wet lowlands of Japan .
Phoebe chekiangensis is a species of tree up to 20 metres ( 66 ft ) in the Lauraceae family .
Cerithidea valida is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae .
Stephanostegia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1888 .
Boleophthalmus dussumieri is a species of mudskipper native to the Indian Ocean where it can be found on mudflats in fresh , brackish and marine waters of Iraq , Pakistan and India as well as probably in Bangladesh .
The Bengal mongoose ( Herpestes javanicus palustris ) is a subspecies of the small Asian mongoose .
Lobophyllia corymbosa , the lobed cactus coral or brain root coral , is a species of large polyp stony coral in the family Lobophylliidae .
Myosotis nemorosa ( syn . Myosotis strigulosa ) is a plant species of the genus Myosotis .
Gongora aceras is a species of orchid found in Colombia and western Ecuador .
Eucalyptus foecunda , commonly known as Narrow - leaf Red Mallee , Black Mallee , Fremantle Mallee or Coastal Dune Mallee , is a species of plant in the myrtle family that is endemic to Australia .
Castilleja caudata , common name Port Clarence Indian paintbrush or Pale Indian Paintbrush , is a plant species native to Alaska , Yukon , Northwest Territories , Nunavut , and the northeastern part of Asiatic Russia .
Vitis davidii is a species of vining plant native to Asia .
Saulea is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Ampullariidae , the apple snails .
Acanthodactylus ahmaddisii or the Jordanian fringe - fingered lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
Rhododendron rufum ( 黄毛杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to southwestern China , where it grows at altitudes of 2300 - -3800 meters .
Elaphoglossum pattersoniae is a very rare species of fern that grows in Peru .
Millettia leucantha or sathon is a species of plant in the Fabaceae family .
Haliotis ovina , common name the sheep 's ear abalone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Synechocystis is a genus of unicellular , freshwater cyanobacteria primarily represented by the strain Synechocystis sp . PCC6803 .
Lilium fargesii is a Chinese species of plants in the lily family native to Hubei , Shaanxi , Sichuan and Yunnan provinces of China .
Arrhenodes digramma is a species of Brentidae family .
Acacia lineata , commonly known as Streaked Wattle , is a shrub species that is endemic to eastern Australia .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Bettsia alvei .
Triantha racemosa , commonly called the coastal false asphodel or southern bog asphodel , is a species of flowering plant in the Tofieldia family .
Leptosiphon aureus is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name golden linanthus .
Allium hymenorhizum is a Eurasian species of wild onions in the amaryllis family .
Allium tekesicola is a plant species endemic to the Ili River Basin in Xinjiang and Kazakhstan .
It contains the single species Lafajana cupra , which is found in Ecuador .
It contains only one known species , Neoguillauminia cleopatra , endemic to New Caledonia .
Senecio astephanus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name San Gabriel ragwort .
Steinheilia mandibularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Steinheilia .
Justicia flaviflora is a species of herbaceous plant in the family Acanthaceae .
Venaticosuchus is a genus of Late Triassic quadrupedal crurotarsan archosaur .
Odonteleotris is a small genus of sleeper gobies native to tropical marine waters of the western Pacific Ocean and fresh and brackish waters of southern Asia .
Thalotia conica , common name the conical top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Coloptychon rhombifer , also known as the isthmian alligator lizard , is a species of lizard of the Anguidae family .
Bothrocophias is a genus of venomous snakes in the Crotalinae subfamily of the Viperidae family .
Rhadinosticta banksi is an Australian species of damselfly in the family Isostictidae , commonly known as the northern wiretail .
Dialommus fuscus , the Galápagos four - eyed blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the coasts of the Galapagos Islands .
Aloe aldabrensis ( previously Lomatophyllum aldabrensis ) is a species of Aloe endemic to the islands of Aldabra in the Indian Ocean , where it can still be found in coastal scrub on limestone - based soil .
Macropomoides is an extinct genus of lobe - finned fish which lived during the Cretaceous period .
The Datiscaceae are a family of Dicotyledonous plants , containing two species of the genus Datisca .
Orestias parinacotensis is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family .
Nodularia is a genus of filamentous nitrogen - fixing cyanobacteria , or blue - green algae .
Lophozozymus pulchellus is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae .
As of August 2013 the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families recognises the single species Schizozygia coffaeoides .
Enhydrocyon basilatus is an extinct species of bone crushing hesperocyonid dog that lived during the Late Oligocene to Miocene living from 24.8 - -20.6 Ma and existed for approximately 4.2 million years .
Some experts divide Agrocybe pediades into several species , mainly by habitat and microscopic features , such as spore size .
Clinids are blennioids ; perciform marine fish of the family Clinidae .
The Austin blind salamander ( Eurycea waterlooensis ) is an endangered species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae , endemic to Barton Springs in Austin , Texas , United States .
Dendrobium taurinum , the Bull Orchid , is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family .
The genus contains the single species Gigantiops destructor , which is also the sole member of the tribe Gigantiopini .
The North China sika deer or Mandarin sika deer ( Cervus nippon mandarinus ) is one of the many subspecies of sika deer .
Xenochrophis is a genus of colubrid snakes endemic to Asia .
Galatheacaris abyssalis is a rare species of shrimp , now thought to be a larval stage of another genus , Eugonatonotus .
Melica bocquetii , is a species of grass in the Poaceae family endemic to the Subbaetic System of southern Spain .
Lissotesta is a genus of minute sea snails or micromolluscs , marine gastropod molluscs , unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea .
Primula sieboldii ( Japanese primrose ) is a species of primrose that is endemic to East Asia .
Guynesomia is a genus of Chilean flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Percopsis is a small genus of percopsiform fishes native to North America , with these two recognized species :
Lyncina carneola , common name the Carnelian cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Afrixalus fornasini is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family and is native to Africa .
Pseudohemiodon thorectes is a species of armored catfish endemic to Bolivia where it is found in the Mamoré River basin .
Nassellaria is an order of protist belonging to the class Radiolaria .
Valeriana sitchensis is a species of valerian known by the common name Sitka valerian .
Cristiceps is a genus of clinids native to the Indo - Pacific waters around Australia and New Zealand .
Petinomys is a genus of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Ficus deltoidea , commonly known as mistletoe fig ( Mas Cotek in Malaysian or สาลิกาลิ้นทอง in Thai ) is a large shrub or small tree species native to Southeast Asia , and widely naturalized in other parts of the world .
Caltha palustris is a highly polymorphic species , showing continuous and independent variation in many features .
Merostachys is a Neotropical genus of bamboo in the grass family .
Serapias parviflora , the small - flowered tongue - orchid , is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean Basin and the Atlantic coast of Europe .
Pennella is a genus of large copepods which are common parasites of large pelagic fishes .
Melica hyalina is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Brazil and southern South America .
Hemidesmus indicus , Indian sarsaparilla ( Sanskrit : நறு நெட்டி Nannari , क्षीरिणी Kshirini , कराला Karala,اُشبا Punjabi ) , is a species of plant that is found in South Asia .
Stipa zalesskii is a species of grass in the Poaceae family , endemic in Europe and Asia .
Nebria angusticollis angusticollis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in the Alps of France , Italy , and Switzerland .
Nebria commixta is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Armenia , Georgia , and Russia .
Geckonia is a monotypic gecko genus endemic to Africa .
Parachiloglanis hodgarti is a species of catfish of the family Sisoridae .
Sargus bipunctatus , the twin - spot centurion , is a European species of soldier fly .
Herpetosiphon giganteus is a species of bacteria in the genus Herpetosiphon known to produce 16 restriction enzymes .
Calochortus coxii is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Cox 's mariposa lily and crinite mariposa lily .
Chiloglanis kazumbei is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Tanzania , where it occurs in the lower Malagarasi River and the Luiche River .
Taurotragus is a genus of large antelopes of the African savanna , commonly known as elands .
Dacrydium gibbsiae is a conifer species native to Borneo .
Eriogonum kelloggii is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common names Red Mountain buckwheat and Kellogg 's buckwheat .
Diplodocids , or members of the family Diplodocidae ( `` double beams '' ) , are a group of sauropod dinosaurs .
Rubus caesius is a Eurasian species of dewberry , known as the European dewberry .
Erigeron tweedyi is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Tweedy 's fleabane .
Hoplolichoides conicotuberculatus is a species of trilobites belonging to the family Lichidae .
It is the only known species of the genus Solimoea .
Chrosiothes is a spider genus that occurs almost exclusively in the New World from the USA to Brazil , with one species found in China , Korea and Japan , and two species endemic to Taiwan .
Trichoniscus pusillus , sometimes called the common pygmy woodlouse , is one of the five most common species of woodlice in the British Isles .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Frondicola tunitricuspis , described as new to science by mycologist Kevin Hyde in 1992 .
Nanorana rostandi ( common names : Dubois ' paa frog , Rostand 's paa frog , Dubois ' frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Kyllinga is genus of flowering plants in the sedge family known commonly as spikesedges .
Pethia pookodensis is a species of cyprinid fish found in Kerala , India where it is only known to occur in Pookode Lake in the Western Ghats .
Paracanthostracion lindsayi is a species of boxfish endemic to New Zealand .
Phyllocnistis intermediella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family , known from Florida , U.S.A. The hostplants for the species include Mastichodendron foetidissimum , and Sideroxylon pallidum .
Fritillaria crassifolia is a Middle Eastern species of bulb - forming plants in the lily family , native to Iran , Iraq , Turkey , Syria , and Lebanon .
Senra incana is a flowering plant species in the genus Senra .
Tucetona bicolor is a species of dog cockle .
Ctenophorus decresii , also known as the Tawny Dragon , is a species of lizard commonly found in Australia .
Stachys clingmanii , or Clingman 's hedgenettle , is a North American species of plants in the mint family .
Lynchius flavomaculatus ( common name : yellow - spotted Andes frog ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Habrosyne is a genus of moth belonging to the Drepanidae family .
Phaeothamniophyceae is a class of heterokonts .
Ventenata dubia is a species of grass known by the common names North Africa grass and wiregrass .
The Alicyclobacillaceae are a family of Gram - positive bacteria .
Acrobasis indigenella , the leaf crumpler , is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis .
Volvarina capensis , common name the Cape marginella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Cyphophthalmi is a suborder of harvestmen , with about 36 genera , and more than hundred described species .
Codakia punctata , common name the punctate codakia , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Porcellio formosus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found in San Pedro and San Francisco of California .
Polistes major major is a neotropical eusocial paper wasp subspecies most commonly found on the Hispaniola Island and within Central America .
Beishanodon is a genus of eucynodont from Lower Triassic of China .
Dorcaschema is a New World genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae .
Polycera faeroensis is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae .
Protalaridris is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Protalaridris armata .
Lobelia monostachya ( Waianae Range lobelia ) is a species of flowering plant in the Campanulaceae family that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii .
Berberis glauca is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1821 .
Salix polaris ( polar willow ) is a species of willow with a circumpolar distribution in the high arctic tundra , extending north to the limits of land , and south of the Arctic in the mountains of Norway , the northern Ural Mountains , the northern Altay Mountains , Kamchatka , and British Columbia , Canada .
Olenecoceras is a genus of Middle Cambrian fossil that , once believed to be a cephalopod , has since been excluded from that group ( although no alternative classification has been offered ) .
Ribes glandulosum , the skunk currant , is a North American species of flowering plant in the currant family .
Nembrotha kubaryana , also known as the variable neon slug , is a species of colorful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae .
Ptychobranchus subtentum , also known as the Fluted kidneyshell , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Leptobrachium liui ( Pope 's spiny toad , Chong'an moustache toad ) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family .
Salix matsudana ( Chinese Willow ) is a species of willow native to northeastern China .
Trochomorpha melvillensis is a species of land snail in the family Trochomorphidae .
Suillus decipiens is an edible species of mushroom in the Suillaceae family .
Peach and nectarines are the same species , even though they are regarded commercially as different fruits .
Camissoniopsis cheiranthifolia ( beach suncup or beach evening primrose ) is a species of the evening primrose family and is native to open dunes and sandy soils of coastal California and Oregon .
The arapaima , pirarucu , or paiche are any large species of bonytongue in the genus Arapaima native to the Amazon and Essequibo basins of South America .
Buchanania onchidioides is a rare species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
Digitaria pauciflora is a species of grass known by the common names twospike crabgrass , Florida pineland crabgrass , Everglades grass , few - flowered fingergrass , and particular grass .
Bithynia fuchsiana is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae .
Palaeoniscidae is a family of fish who possessed a bony skeleton and operculum .
Ingerana is a genus of frogs in Dicroglossidae family .
Lopholithodes is a genus of king crab .
Orthocis zoufali is a species of tree - fungus beetle in Ciidae family which is endemic to Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sitana fusca is a species of agamid lizard endemic to Nepal .
It contains only one known species , Corynanthera flava , endemic to Shire of Irwin in Western Australia .
Loeseliastrum ( calico ) is a small genus of flowering plants in the phlox family .
Chilomycterus reticulatus , common name `` spotfin burrfish '' , `` spotted burrfish '' , or `` purgeon fish '' , is a species of fish in the genus Chilomycterus .
In taxonomy , Halostagnicola is a genus of the Archaea .
Bothrops iglesiasi , or the Cerrado lancehead , is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family .
Vaccinium boreale , common name northern blueberry , sweet hurts or ( in French ) bleuet boréal , is a plant species native to the northeastern United States and eastern Canada .
Treculia africana , the African breadfruit , is a tree species in the genus Treculia .
Peziza repanda , commonly known as the Palomino cup or recurved cup , is a species of fungus in the genus Peziza , family Pezizaceae .
Olyra burmanica is a species of longtail catfish endemic to Myanmar where it is found in Pegu Yomas .
Scaphella dohrni , commonly known as the Dohrn 's volute is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Nebria speiseri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in all states of former Yugoslavia except for Croatia , Macedonia , and Slovenia .
Phidippus pius is a species of jumping spider that is found in Central America and North America .
Erromyzon is a small genus gastromyzontid loaches , three of which are endemic to China and one to Vietnam .
The sole species Everistia vacciniifolia grows naturally only ( endemic ) from north eastern NSW through to north eastern Qld , Australia .
Lantanopsis is a genus of Caribbean flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Rhachistia rhodotaenia is a species of air - breathing land snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerastidae .
Petrophile macrostachya is a perennial species of shrub in the plant genus Petrophile .
Osteogeneiosus militaris , the Soldier catfish , is a species of sea catfish found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans from Pakistan to the Malay Archipelago .
Megarachne servinei is the only species classified under the genus Megarachne .
Parablennius is a diverse genus of combtooth blennies found in the Atlantic , western Pacific , and Indian oceans .
It is the sole species in the genus Pseudotaxus , but closely related to the other yews in the genus Taxus .
Dioscorea zingiberensis , is a species of yam , a tuberous root vegetable .
Cola lourougnonis is a species of tropical rainforest tree in the family Malvaceae .
Needlefish ( family Belonidae ) or Long Tom are piscivorous fishes primarily associated with very shallow marine habitats or the surface of the open sea .
Pruvotia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogaster .
Cordana is an ascomycete fungus genus .
Bembrops anatirostris , commonly known as a duckbill flathead , is a species of fish in the Percophidae family .
Cryptantha clevelandii is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Cleveland 's cryptantha .
Campanula angustiflora is a species of bellflower known by the common name Eastwood 's bellflower .
Rhadinomyia luzonica is a species of insects , ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Rhadinomyia of the family Ulidiidae .
Recilia horvathi is a species of bugs from Cicadellidae family that can be found in European countries such as Austria , Bulgaria , Czech Republic , Germany , Hungary , Italy , Romania , Russia , Ukraine , Slovenia , Switzerland , and former Yugoslavia .
The genus Dryolimnas comprises birds in the rail family .
Berardia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Berardia subacaulis .
Nephelochloa is a genus of Turkish plants in the grass family .
Myripristis kuntee is a species of fish in the soldierfish family
Neocrepidodera spectabilis is a species of flea beetle from a leaf beetle family that can be found in Italy and Switzerland .
Neohoratia minuta is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum , aquatic operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Leymus mollis ( syn . Elymus mollis ) is a species of grass known by the common names American dune grass , American dune wild - rye , sea lyme - grass , strand - wheat , and strand grass .
Pachypanchax is a genus of aplocheilid killifishes native to freshwater in Madagascar , with one species ( P. playfairii ) known from Seychelles .
Siphlonuridae , also known as a Primitive Minnow Mayfly , are a family of insects belonging to the order Ephemeroptera .
Freoexocentrus mirei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Freoexocentrus .
The Eastern crested loach ( Paracobitis longicauda ) is a species of stone loach native to Asia .
Sanicula graveolens is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names northern sanicle and Sierra blacksnakeroot .
Grevillea patulifolia , commonly known as Swamp Grevillea , is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae .
The Una virus is an Arbovirus or arthropod - borne virus , transmitted primarily by an arthropod species .
Liguus virgineus , also known as the Candy Cane Snail or the `` ' Virgin Liguus ' '' , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae .
Heliodexodes argenteus is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Heliodexodes of the family Tachinidae .
Struthio is a genus of bird in the order Struthioniformes .
Paranarsia joannisiella is a species of moth in the family Gelechiidae .
Eugenia abbreviata is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family .
Mitromorpha is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mitromorphidae , in the superfamily Conoidea the cone snails and their allies .
Styloleptoides inflaticollis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae , and the only species in the genus Styloleptoides .
Electroatopos castaneus is an extinct species of ant - like stone beetle , described in 2010 , and the only species in the genus Electroatopos .
Rhyothemis variegata , known as the common picture wing or variegated flutterer , is a species of dragonfly of the family Libellulidae , found in South Asia .
Opsimus quadrilineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Opsimus .
Allococalodes cornutus is a jumping spider species in the genus Allococalodes endemic to New Guinea .
The mud elimia , scientific name Pleurocera alabamensis , is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae .
Inocybe godeyi is a species of Inocybaceae fungus found in Europe .
Lyrocladius is a genus of chironomid midges that belongs to the subfamily Orthocladiinae and is composed of a single species , Lyrocladius radulatus Mendes et Andersen ( 2008 ) , described from Brazil .
Mixophyes hihihorlo is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family .
Diandongosaurus is an extinct genus of eosauropterygian known from the lower Middle Triassic ( Anisian age ) of Yunnan Province , southwestern China .
Morelladon is an extinct genus of herbivorous styracosternan ornithopod dinosaur , that lived during the Early Cretaceous of Spain , around 130 million years ago .
Amorphoscelis siebersis is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo .
Euphorbia fendleri is a species of euphorb known by the common name Fendler 's sandmat .
Proplanicoxa is a genus of iguanodont dinosaur which existed in what is now England during the Early Cretaceous period ( late Barremian stage , around 126 mya ) .
Carex appropinquata , known as fibrous tussock - sedge , is a species of flowering plant in the family Cyperaceae , commonly known as sedges .
Serranus tigrinus is a species of fish in the family Serranidae , which includes the groupers .
Carex spissa is a species of sedge known by the common name San Diego sedge .
Rubus burnhamii , Burnham 's blackberry , is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Callochromis melanostigma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers sandy bottoms with nearby rocks .
Nothoscordum bivalve is a species of flowering plant in the Amaryllidaceae known by the common names crowpoison and false garlic .
Van Deusen 's rat ( Rattus vandeuseni ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Tabernanthe is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family , Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1888 .
Macrobrachium carcinus is a species of freshwater shrimp native to streams , rivers and creeks from Florida to southern Brazil .
Agave eggersiana is an endangered species of spiky plant which grows in the Virgin Islands , in dry , exposed areas .
The North American cougar ( Puma concolor couguar ) , is the cougar subspecies once commonly found in eastern North America and still prevalent in the western half of the continent .
Macroparalepis affinis is a species of fish which belongs to the Paralepididae(barracudas ) family .
Ungaliophis panamensis , or the Panamanian dwarf boa , is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family .
The Badlands bighorn , Ovis canadensis auduboni , also commonly known as Audubon 's bighorn sheep , is an extinct subspecies of bighorn sheep of the northern Great Plains in North America .
Eriocraniidae is a family of moths restricted to the Holarctic region , with six extant genera .
Plesiopleurodon is an extinct genus of plesiosauroid from the Late Cretaceous of North America .
Arachnocoris trinitatis is a true bug species found in Trinidad , West Indies .
Neoplecostomus microps ( LDA034 ) is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Paraíba do Sul River basin .
Endamoeba is a genus of amoeboids in Amoebozoa .
Cryptocentrum latifolium is a member of the Orchid family , the largest species in genus Cryptocentrum .
Amanita rubrovolvata , commonly known as the red volva Amanita , is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family .
Glebocarcinus is a genus of crabs formerly included in the genus Cancer , containing two species :
Calliostoma psyche , common name the psyche top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Avolatavis is an extinct genus of stem - parrot ( pan - psittaciform ) known from the early Eocene Fossil Butte Member of the Green River Formation of Wyoming , USA .
Terminalia australis Cambess is a South American species of large shrub or tree , which reaches up to 12 m in height and 40 cm in diameter .
Hescheleria is an extinct genus of thalattosaurian marine reptile from the Middle Triassic ( 247.2 to ~235 Ma ) of Monte San Giorgio in Switzerland .
The specimen was correctly identified as a different species and renamed Rhyniognatha hirsti in 1928 by entomologist Robin J. Tillyard .
Chlidanthus is a genus that consists of 10 species of tender bulbs from tropical South America , mostly natives to the Andes .
Stenamma alas is a species of ant which can be found in wet forests of Costa Rica on an elevation of 50 - -1,600 metres ( 160 - -5,250 ft ) .
Amblydoras monitor is a species of thorny catfish that occurs in the upper Amazon Basin where it can be found in the countries of Brazil , Colombia and Peru .
Asplenium daghestanicum , the Dagestanian spleenwort , is a species of spleenwort that is endemic to Dagestan in Russia .
Sulpitus lilla is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Sulpitus .
Recilia rugulans is a species of bug from Cicadellidae family that can be found in South Africa and Swaziland .
Platysomus is an extinct genus of ray - finned fish that lived in the Carboniferous and Permian periods .
Belonophago is a small genus of distichodontid freshwater fish found in Middle Africa .
Quercus tardifolia , the Chisos Mountains oak or lateleaf oak , is a rare North American species of trees in the beech family .
It contains the single species Ateucheta zatesima , which is found in Australia .
Cantharellus lateritius , commonly known as the smooth chanterelle , is a species of edible fungus in the Cantharellaceae family of mushrooms .
Ummidia aedificatoria is a trapdoor spider species found in Portugal , Spain and Morocco .
Neanura muscorum is a species of Collembola in the family Neanuridae and subfamily Neanurinae .
Callytron alleni is a species of ground beetles in the genus Callytron .
Conus kerstitchi , common name Kerstitch 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Naucleeae is a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 183 species in 24 genera .
Lycogala epidendrum , commonly known as wolf 's milk , groening 's slime is a cosmopolitan species of plasmodial slime mould which is often mistaken for a fungus .
Favonigobius lateralis is a species of goby native to coastal waters of eastern Australia , Tasmania and New Zealand where it can be found in marine and brackish waters of sandy estuaries .
Paxistima is a small genus of shrubs in the bittersweet family containing two North American species .
Arborophilinae is a bird subfamily containing the jungle- and wood partridges .
Alosa saposchnikowii , or the saposhnikovi shad , is a species of fish in the clupeid genus Alosa .
Acalypha eremorum is a species of shrubs of the plant family Euphorbiaceae , endemic to Queensland , Australia .
Osmoderma eremita , the hermit beetle or Russian leather beetle , is a species of European beetle in the Scarabaeidae family .
Cacozelia elegans is a snout moth species in the genus Cacozelia .
Notostira erratica is a species of bugs from a Miridae family , subfamily Mirinae that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Azores , Benelux , Faroe Islands , Madeira , Malta , and African and Asia ones such as Canary Islands and Cyprus .
Aricoris is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present in the Neotropical ecozone .
Ambastaia nigrolineata is a vulnerable species of loach found in the Mekong basin in southeast Asia .
Notophycis is a genus of morid cods .
†Oleacina guadeloupensis was a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oleacinidae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Xylogone sphaerospora .
The Chlopsidae , or false morays , are a family of eels found in coral reefs worldwide .
Lepilaena is a genus of aquatic and marine flowering plant comprising 6 or more species endemic to coastal and brackish or akaline inland waters of temperate Australia , Tasmania , and New Zealand .
Zulmasuchus ( meaning `` Zulma Gasparini 's crocodile '' ) is an extinct genus of sebecid sebecosuchian mesoeucrocodylian .
Miopetaurista is an extinct genus of flying squirrel closely related to flying squirrels of today .
Catfish ( or catfishes ; order Siluriformes ) are a diverse group of ray - finned fish .
Rhynchobatus is a group of rays commonly known as wedgefishes , and the sole genus in the family Rhynchobatidae .
Agra katewinsletae is a species of carabid beetle named after English actress and singer Kate Winslet .
Ambesa walsinghami is a species of snout moth in the genus Ambesa .
Parapsallus vitellinus is a species of plant bug belonging to the family Miridae , subfamily Phylinae , that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania , Andorra , Greece , Lithuania , Norway , all states of former Yugoslavia , and various European and African islands .
Penicillium sumatrense is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the rhizosphere of the plant Lumnitzera racemosa .
Geophorus agglutinans is a species of tropical land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae .
Mayaca is a genus of flowering plants , often placed in its own family , the Mayacaceae .
Bakevelliidae is an extinct family of prehistoric bivalves that lived from the Late Mississippian until the Middle Eocene .
Betta albimarginata is a species of gourami endemic to the island of Borneo , where it is only found in the Indonesian province of Kalimantan Timur .
Eupeodes corollae is a very common European species of hoverfly .
The Hemigalinae are a subfamily of the viverrids denominated and first described by John Edward Gray in 1864 .
Lentinellus montanus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Auriscalpiaceae .
Kairuku is an extinct genus of penguin .
Tapinoma karavaievi is a species of ant in the genus Tapinoma .
The family Strashilidae is an extinct group of Jurassic flies from Siberia and China .
Trichostema parishii is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Parish 's bluecurls .
Ananteris sabineae is a species of scorpion .
Serapias neglecta , the scarce tongue - orchid , is a species of orchid endemic to southern Europe .
Ceratitis rosa , the Natal fruit fly or Natal fly , a species from the family Tephritidae of the order Diptera , is a fruit fly .
Pachnoda impressa , the Green and Yellow Fruit Chafer , is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family and subfamily of the Cetoniinae .
Cardiocorax is an extinct genus of elasmosaurid known from the Late Cretaceous ( early Maastrichtian stage ) Mocuio Formation of Namibe Province , southern Angola .
Parinoberyx horridus is a species of marine slimehead only known from the Western Pacific and the Coral Sea at depths around 300 m ( 980 ft ) .
The Dicranolasmatidae are a family of harvestmen with about 20 described species in a single genus .
Eleutherodactylus parapelates is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Massif de la Hotte , southwestern Haiti .
Chusquea elegans is a bamboo species in the genus Chusquea .
Leiokarinosuchus ( meaning `` smooth - headed crocodile '' ) is an extinct genus of neosuchian mesoeucrocodylian from the Early Cretaceous Wealden Group of southern England .
Stephanomeria is a genus of North American plants also known as wirelettuce , belonging to the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Suillus placidus , is a species of fungus in the genus Suillus .
The parrot subfamily Psittaculinae consists of three tribes , the Polytelini with three genera , the Psittaculini or Asian psittacines , and the pygmy parrots of the Micropsittini tribe .
Elsinoë pyri is a species of fungus in the family Elsinoaceae .
Neolamprologus pulcher is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers locations with plenty of sedimentation .
Ectopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera ( book lice or bark lice ) belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha .
Flabellina verrucosa , is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Flabellinidae .
Calliostoma euglyptum , common name the sculptured top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Flourensia polyclada is a tarwort species that was first described by American botanist Sidney Fay Blake .
Stefania goini ( Vegas Falls treefrog ; Spanish : rana stefania del Duida ) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae .
Deinanthe is a genus consisting of a few species of rare herbaceous - habit rhizomatous plants found in the mountain woodlands of East Asia , ranging from China to Japan .
Scutiger sikimmensis is a species of toad found in northern India , Nepal , and Tibet .
Paracyclotosaurus ( Near Wheeled Lizard ) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian , which would have appeared similar to today 's salamander -- but much larger , at up to 2.3 metres ( 7.5 ft ) long .
Miltonia russelliana , the Russell 's Miltonia , is a species of orchid occurring in southeastern and southern Brazil .
Gymnoscyphus ascitus is a species of clingfish found off of St. Vincent , Lesser Antilles , at depths of from 231 to 258 metres ( 758 to 846 ft ) .
Carpocoris mediterraneus , the Red shield bug , is a species of shield bug in the Pentatomidae family .
Cetopsidium minutum is a species of whale catfish found in Brazil , French Guiana , Guyana , Suriname and Venezuela where it occurs in the coastal rivers north of the Amazon to the Orinoco River .
Amanita volvata , also known as Volvate Amanita is a white coloured species of fungi from Amanitaceae family that can be found in southeastern United States .
Hieracium amplexicaule ( also called sticky hawkweed ) is a species of plant from Asteraceae family .
Methanoplanus endosymbiosus is a species of archaeon , an endosymbiont of the marine sapropelic ciliate Metopus contortus .
Ivanantonia is the only genus in the extinct rodent family Ivanantoniidae and is represented by a single species , Ivanantonia efremovi , from the early Eocene of Mongolia .
Grevillea hookeriana ( Red toothbrushes or Hooker 's grevillea ) is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae .
Rhombodera valida is a species of praying mantis found in Asia and nearby islands .
Spathiurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Campanian .
Metzgeriales is an order of liverworts .
Betadevario ramachandrani is a species of cyprinid fish that is found only in the upper Sita River , India drainage in Karnataka , India .
† Bembexia is a genus of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks .
Eobaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Mongolia and Spain .
Rabidosa punctulata , the dotted wolf spider , is a species of spider in the family Rabidosa .
Elymus lanceolatus is a species of grass known by the common names thickspike wheatgrass and streamside wheatgrass .
Ozyptila flava is a crab spider species found in Spain .
Basilichthys is a genus of Neotropical silversides native to freshwater habitats in Chile and Peru .
Conus venulatus , common name the Cape Verde cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Arginae is a subfamily of sawflies .
The Manning River snapping turtle ( Flaviemys purvisi ) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family .
Cypriola acanthocinoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cypriola .
Ochrosia is a flowering plant genus of flowering plants , first described as a genus in 1789 .
Brachyplatys punctipes is a species of shield bugs belonging to the family Plataspidae found in China .
Skirroceras macrum is a Stephanoceratacean ( ammonite ) species belonging to the family Stephanoceratidae .
Cistus creticus ( Pink Rock - Rose , Hoary Rock - Rose ) is a species of shrubby plant in the family Cistaceae .
Centaurea calcitrapa is a species of flowering plant known by several common names , including red star - thistle and purple starthistle .
Scyllarus is a genus of slipper lobsters from the Atlantic Ocean , including the Mediterranean and Caribbean .
The gray cat snake ( Boiga siamensis ) , also known as eyed cat snake or Siamese cat snake is a species of catsnake found in northeastern India , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Cambodia , Thailand , Malaysia , and Vietnam .
Pavoraja mosaica ( common name : mosaic skate ) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family .
Orthotylus salsolae is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in France , Spain , and the island of Sicily .
Eucephalus ledophyllus is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Cascade aster .
Laevisuchus ( /ˌlɛvɨˈsjuːkəs/ LEE - və - SEW - kəs , `` light crocodile '' ) is a genus of abelisauroid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous .
Nama depressum , commonly known as depressed fiddleleaf , is a species of flowering plant in the borage family .
Poecilotheria miranda , also known as the Bengal ornamental is a species of tarantula .
Kappaphycus alvarezii ( syn . K. cottonii ; Eucheuma cottonii ) is a species of red algae .
Doswellia is an extinct genus of archosauriform from the Late Triassic of North America .
The species was named to honor Asa Gray , an eminent American botanist of the mid-19th century who discovered Lilium grayi in 1840 in the Appalachian mountains on Roan Mountain .
Eupterotidae is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order with more than 300 described species .
Skrjabinema ovis is a nematode species of the genus Skrjabinema within the Oxyuridae family .
Tonna berthae is a species of large sea snail or tun snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tonnidae , the tun shells .
Barosaurus is monospecific , containing only the type species , B. lentus , while at least three species belong to the genus Diplodocus .
Mirapinna esau , the Hairyfish , is a species of flabby whalefish only known from the Atlantic Ocean from near the Azores .
Aemula is an extinct genus of brachiopods that lived during the Cretaceous period .
Dipturus is a large genus of skates native to the Pacific , Atlantic and Indian oceans .
Satanoperca is a small genus of cichlids from South America , where they are known from the Orinoco , Essequibo , Nickerie , Amazon , Paraná and Paraguay river basins .
Banksia ser . Prostratae is a taxonomic series in the genus Banksia .
Liolaemus is a genus of iguanian lizards , containing many species , all of which are endemic to South America .
Sphagnum girgensohnii , the Girgensohn 's bogmoss , Girgensohn 's sphagnum or common green peat moss , is a species of peat moss with a Holarctic and Indo - Malesian distribution .
Adansonia za , common name baobab , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Adansonia belonging to the Bombacaceae family .
Drosera purpurascens is a compact tuberous perennial species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to south - west Western Australia .
Conus rufimaculosus , common name the red - stained cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Stagmomantis floridensis , common name larger Florida mantis , is a species of praying mantis in genus Stagmomantis .
Schilderia achatidea , common name Agate Cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Amphiscirpus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the sedge family containing the single species Amphiscirpus nevadensis , which is known by the common name Nevada bulrush .
Rhododendron simiarum also known as the South China Rhododendron , is one of the many species of the genus Rhododendron , which mainly grows in Southern China .
Bomarea longipes is a species of plant in the Alstroemeriaceae family .
Pseudophilautus femoralis ( commonly known as the round - snout pygmy frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Nylanderia taylori is a species of Formicinae ant found in Bangladesh , India and Sri Lanka .
Allium chinense ( commonly known as , variously Chinese onion , Chinese scallion , Japanese scallion , Kiangsi scallion , and Oriental onion ) is an edible species of onion , native to China and cultivated in many other countries .
Apocoptoma chabrillaci is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Apocoptoma .
Sibianor aurocinctus is a species of jumping spider that can be found in England ( where it was recently discovered in Hertfordshire on 29 July 2012 ) , and Palearctic .
Argylia radiata is a species of perennial plant in the Bignoniaceae family .
Obelus despreauxii is a European species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae .
Donacia dentata is a species of leaf beetles of the subfamily Donaciinae .
Juncus textilis is a species of rush known by the common name basket rush .
Arta epicoenalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Arta .
The Akun eagle - owl ( Bubo leucostictus ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae , the true owls .
Oberea bisbipunctata is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Pic in 1916 .
Eucryphia wilkiei is a species of rainforest shrubs growing naturally only ( endemic ) in restricted areas of cloud forests on mountain tops in the Wet Tropics region of north eastern Queensland , Australia .
Callionymus octostigmatus is a species of dragonet native to the central western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 49 to 148 metres ( 161 to 486 ft ) .
Erophylla is a genus of bat in the family Phyllostomidae .
Leucothoe davisiae is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common name Sierra laurel .
Hyalodiscus is an extant genus of diatom known also from the fossil record .
Endennasaurus is an extinct genus of thalattosaurian from the Upper Triassic of Italy .
The Ischnocera is a large suborder of lice mostly parasitic on birds but including a large family ( the Trichodectidae ) parasitic on mammals .
Spartocytisus supranubius ( supra = above ; nubius = the cloud ) is a white - flowered species of broom endemic to the Canary Islands and known there by the common name Retama del Teide .
Croton nepetifolius ( Croton nepetaefolius ) is an aromatic species of flowering plant in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae , that is native to northeastern Brazil .
Oenothera harringtonii is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names Arkansas Valley evening primrose and Colorado Springs evening primrose .
Only one species is currently recognized , Welfia regia .
Telonema is a genus of single - celled organisms .
Pseudischnolea kaszabi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudischnolea .
Cyathea andersonii is a species of tree fern native to India , Bhutan and southern China , where it grows in moist valleys and montane forest at an altitude of 300 - 1200 m. The trunk is erect and 6 - 10 m tall .
Balduina angustifolia ( coastal plain honeycombhead ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Conus dalli , common name Dall 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
The Sand Mountain blue species , E. pallescens , has been officially classified as being vulnerable , while the subspecies p. arenamontana has been labeled as critically imperiled , at great risk of extinction .
Quebradnotia is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae .
Distichophytum is a genus of extinct vascular plants of the Late Silurian ( Ludfordian ) to Early Devonian ( Emsian ) , around 426 to 393 million years ago .
Allium schoenoprasoides is an Asian species of wild onion native to Xinjiang , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan .
Ledra aurita is a species of bugs from Cicadellidae family .
Porcellio montanus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found in Czech Republic , France , Italy and Switzerland .
Hemizonia clementina , known by the common name Island Tarweed , is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family , endemic to the Channel Islands of California .
Aizoanthemum is a small genus of plant in the family Aizoaceae , native to Namibia and Angola .
Galium divaricatum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Lamarck 's bedstraw .
Lycaste lasioglossa is a species of terrestrial orchid native to Mexico , Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador .
Ernstichthys intonsus is a species of banjo catfish that is endemic to Ecuador where it is found in the Napo River basin .
Ptychosperma nicolai is a species of palm in the Arecaceae family , endemic to New Guinea .
Chamberlineptus morechalensis , the sole species of the genus Chamberlineptus is a spirostreptid millipede from Venezuela .
Rhododendron spiciferum ( 碎米花 ) is a rhododendron species native to western Guizhou and Yunnan , China , where it grows at altitudes of 800 - -1900 meters .
Platinx is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray - finned fish .
Heterophallus is a genus of poeciliids native to Mexico .
Caribemys is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Jurassic period .
Acentronichthys leptos is the only species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) in the genus Acentronichthys of the family Heptapteridae .
Mayariochloa is a genus of Cuban plants in the grass family .
Chiasmocleis quilombola is a species of frog native to Brazil , found between the Doce River and the Mucuri River .
Neocherentes dilloniorum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neocherentes .
Stoebe is a genus of African plants in the pussy's - toes tribe within the daisy family .
Gephyrocharax is a genus of characins found in South America and Panama , with 13 currently recognized species :
The Bonelli 's eagle is found in hilly or mountainous habitats , with rocky walls or crags and open to wooded land , in arid to semi - moist climate , from sea level to 1500 m. Recent DNA research resulted in this species being moved to the genus Aquila from Hieraaetus .
Parhedyle cryptophthalma is a species of sea slug , an acochlidian , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Microhedylidae .
Kalmia cuneata is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common name whitewicky , sometimes spelled white - wicky or white wicky .
Otukaia rossica , common name the Russian margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
The fern genus Leptopteris is a small group of plants found growing in the Pacific Islands , New Guinea and Australia .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Garethjonesia lacunosispora .
Emblemaria australis is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from around Brazil , in the southwestern Atlantic ocean .
Neope armandii is a species of satyrine butterfly found in Asia .
Leonotis leonurus , also known as lion 's tail and wild dagga , is a plant species in the Lamiaceae ( mint ) family .
Lytta magister ( also known as the desert blister beetle or master blister beetle ) is a species of blister beetle found in southwestern North America .
Bythinella carinulata is a species of very small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae .
Prosphyracephala is a genus of flies in the family Diopsidae .
Pinus pringlei , commonly known as Pringle 's pine , is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
Pimelodus joannis is a species of catfish in the family Pimelodidae ( the long - whiskered catfishes ) endemic to Brazil , where it occurs in the Tocantins river basin .
Limacoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of medium - sized to large , air - breathing land slugs and snails .
Limax cinereoniger is a large species of air - breathing land slug in the terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk family Limacidae , the keelback slugs .
Handkea is a genus of puffball mushrooms in the family Agaricaceae .
Castilleja mendocinensis is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name Mendocino Coast Indian paintbrush .
Partula labrusca , was a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the Partulidae family .
Farlowella platorynchus is a species of armored catfish that occurs in the Amazon basin of Brazil and Peru .
Jinshaia sinensis is a species of loach endemic to the Yangtze and the Jinsha Jiang drainages of China .
Phyzelaphryne miriamae ( common name : Miriam 's frog ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family , in the monotypic genus Phyzelaphryne .
Uroteuthis bartschi , also known as Bartsch 's squid , is a species of squid growing to a known mantle length of 20 cm . It is the type species of the genus Uroteuthis .
Panonychus ulmi , the European red mite , is a species of mite which is a major agricultural pest of fruit trees .
Nemipterus furcosus , the Fork - tailed threadfin bream , also known as Rosy threadfin bream , is a species of threadfin bream native to Indian oceanic seas around Maledives , Sri Lanka , Andaman islands , and Pacific oceanic seas around Indonesia , and Australia .
Teramulus is a genus of fresh and brackish water silversides endemic to Madagascar .
Hitchcockella baronii is a species of bamboo , the only known species of the genus Hitchcockella .
Euphorbia damarana also known as Damara milk - bush and locally as melkbos is a species of flowering plant native to Namibia .
Hydatina zonata , common name the zoned paper bubble , is a species of sea snail or bubble snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aplustridae .
Chrysogaster cemiteriorum is a European species of hoverfly which can be found feeding on umbelliferous flowers in for example damp meadows .
Prunus ceylanica is a species of plant in the family Rosaceae family .
Regina grahamii , commonly known as Graham 's crayfish snake , is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake , which is endemic to North America .
Tibouchina urvilleana is a species of flowering plant in the family Melastomataceae , native to Brazil .
Emerita analoga , the Pacific sand crab or Pacific mole crab , is a species of small , sand - burrowing decapod crustacean found living in the sand along the temperate western coasts of America .
Plataspidae ( emended by some later authors as `` Plataspididae '' , in violation of ICZN Code Article 29.5 ) are a family of shield bugs native to the Old World .
Arctostylopida is an extinct order of placental mammals from the Late Palaeocene of Eastern Asia and North America .
Haplochromis vittatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kivu in East Africa .
Dactyloscopus is a genus of sand stargazers native to the coasts of the Americas .
Holcobius frater is a species of beetles in the genus Holcobius of the family Anobiidae .
Homalozoa is an extinct subphylum of Paleozoic Era echinoderms , prehistoric marine invertebrates .
Paraclione is a genus of `` sea angels '' , small floating sea slugs , pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks .
Hylyphantes is a genus of linyphiid spiders .
Macrotermes bellicosus is a species of Macrotermes .
Oligoryzomys andinus , also known as the Andean colilargo or Andean pygmy rice rat , is a species of rodent in genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Miyamayomena is a genus of East Asian flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Monarda clinopodioides , common name basil beebalm , is a plant species native to Kansas , Oklahoma , Louisiana and Texas .
Chometokadmon is an extinct genus of anguimorph lizard from the Early Cretaceous of Italy .
Dasumia chyzeri is a spider species from Eastern Europe .
Sundevall 's jird , Meriones crassus , is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Pinus heldreichii ( synonym P. leucodermis ; family Pinaceae ) , or Bosnian pine , is a species of pine native to mountainous areas of the Balkans and southern Italy .
Metalasia is a genus of African flowering plants in the pussy's - toes tribe within the sunflower family .
The Polytelini tribe belongs to the parrot family Psittaculidae and consists of three genera .
Tulbaghia violacea , also known as society garlic or pink agapanthus , is a species of flowering plant in the onion family Alliaceae , indigenous to southern Africa ( KwaZulu - Natal and Cape Province ) , and reportedly naturalized in Tanzania and Mexico .
The prairie earless lizard or eastern earless lizard ( Holbrookia maculata perspicua ) is a subspecies of the lesser earless lizard , ( Holbrookia maculata ) .
Diuca is a small genus of Andean seed - eating tanagers .
Paenibacillus dendritiformis is a species of pattern - forming bacteria , first discovered in the early 90 's by Ben - Jacob 's group .
Mimobatocera laterifusca is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimobatocera .
Thricolema is a genus of leaf beetles of the subfamily Synetinae .
Mastigoteuthis is a genus of whip - lash squid containing approximately three species .
Helmetia is an extinct genus of arthropod from the Cambrian .
It contains the single species Apocrisias thaumasta , which is found in southern Arizona .
Choeromorpha vivesi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in Asia in countries such as Indonesia .
Vitreorana is a genus of glass frogs that are native to South America , from the Atlantic Forest of Brazil and Argentina to Amazonia of Colombia and Ecuador and to the Venezuelan Coastal Range and the Guianas .
Sitona lepidus or clover root weevil is a species of weevil found in Europe .
Bankivia fasciata , common name the banded kelp shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Oxyeleotris is a genus of sleeper gobies mostly restricted to Australia and New Guinea , though some ( O. marmorata , O. siamensis , O. urophthalmoides and O. urophthalmus ) are found in Southeast Asia .
Limosella is a genus of flowering plants known as mudworts .
Vertigo modesta , common name the cross vertigo , is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae , the whorl snails .
Hardwickia is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae of the legumes .
Musa fitzalanii is a species of wild banana ( genus Musa ) , which was native to north - east Queensland , Australia , but is now believed to be extinct .
Procerithiidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha .
Teratosaurus is a genus of rauisuchians known from the Triassic Stubensandstein ( Löwenstein Formation - Norian stage ) of Germany .
The São Tomé collared fruit bat ( Myonycteris brachycephala ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Styan 's grasshopper warbler ( Locustella pleskei ) , also known as Pleske 's grasshopper warbler , is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family .
Pseudotribos ( `` false chewing '' ) is an extinct genus of mammal that lived in China during the Middle Jurassic some 165 million years ago , more closely related to monotremes than to placental or marsupial mammals .
Amphiprion akindynos , the Barrier Reef anemonefish is a species of anemonefish that is principally found in the Great Barrier Reef of Australia , but also in nearby locations in the Western Pacific .
Pseudosphromenus is a genus of medium - small gouramies native to south and southeast Asia .
Melica longiligulata is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Sichuan province of China .
Alveopora verrilliana is a species of stony coral that is found in the Red Sea , the Gulf of Aden , the northern Indian Ocean , the central Indo - Pacific , Australia , Southeast Asia , Japan , the East China Sea , the oceanic west and central Pacific Ocean and the Johnston Atoll .
The Weddel 's Bulbophyllum ( Bulbophyllum weddelii ) is a species of orchid .
Gymnopholus lichenifer is a species of beetle in the weevil family , Curculionidae .
Gonatopus clavipes is a species of small wasp in the family Dryinidae .
Echinophryne is a small genus of frogfishes .
Crataegus austromontana , commonly known as the Valley Head Hawthorn , is a very rare species of hawthorn .
Gynandromyia mesnili is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gynandromyia of the family Tachinidae .
Parrisia is an extinct genus of legless batrachosauroidid salamander from Campanian - age rocks in the Marshalltown Formation , Monmouth County , New Jersey .
Bellator militaris , the horned searobin , is a species of searobin native to the western Atlantic Ocean where it is found at depths of from 40 to 110 metres ( 130 to 360 ft ) .
Monstera adansonii , the Adanson 's monstera or five holes plant , is a species of flowering plant from Araceae family which is widespread across much of South America and Central America .
Borrelia recurrentis is a species of Borrelia , a spirochaete bacterium associated with relapsing fever .
Masdevallia floribunda is a species of orchid found from southern Mexico to Honduras .
Shelbyoceras is a genus of Cambrian monoplacophora which was one of the genera mistaken for a cephalopod , since the characteristics differentiating monoplacophora from cephalopods are few .
Bombus fernaldae , the Fernald 's cuckoo bumblebee , is a species of cuckoo bumblebee having only males and queens , but no worker bees .
Callionymus valenciennei is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around Japan and the Korean Peninsula where it occurs at depths of from 20 to 50 metres ( 66 to 164 ft ) .
Nymphaea gigantea is a species of aquatic perennial herbaceous plant native to Australia and New Guinea .
Amanita nivalis , the snow ringless amanita or mountain grisette , is a species of basidomycote fungus in the genus Amanita .
Cyphocottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia .
Genetic testing suggests that Paxillus involutus may be a species complex rather than a single species .
Callionymus ogilbyi is a species of dragonet endemic to the Pacific waters off of New South Wales , Australia .
Epipleuria is a genus in the lady beetle family ( Coccinellidae ) .
Tangvayosaurus ( meaning `` Tang Vay lizard '' ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Aptian - Albian age Lower Cretaceous Grès Supérior Formation of Savannakhet , Laos .
Gloydius tsushimaensis , or the Tsushima Island pitviper , is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family .
Camponotus saundersi is a species of ant found in Malaysia and Brunei , belonging to the genus of Carpenter ants .
Crasodactylus punctatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Crasodactylus .
It was described by Richter and Richter in 1926 , and the type species is Comura cometa , originally under the genus Cryphaeus by Richter in 1909 .
Aripuana is a plant genus in the gentian family , tribe Helieae , subclade Symbolanthus .
Gogangra laevis is a species of sisorid catfish found in Bangladesh where it occurs in the Jamuna and Meghna River drainages .
Sphenodiscus is an extinct genus of acanthoceratacean ammonite .
Lonchogenys ilisha is a species of characin found in the Rio Negro in Brazil and Colombia .
Arabis kazbegi , the Kazbegian rockcress , is a species of rockcress that is endemic to Georgia , and is known from Mtiuleti , the Devdaraki glacier , Mount Sabertse and Mount Kuro .
Padogobius is a genus of gobies native to fresh waters of southern Europe .
Myennis nebulosa is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Myennis of the family Tephritidae .
Araucaria angustifolia , the Paraná pine , Brazilian pine or candelabra tree ( pinheiro - do - paraná , araucária or pinheiro brasileiro ) , is a species in the conifer genus Araucaria .
Phelsuma astriata semicarinata is a subspecies of Seychelles day gecko .
Ascaris is a genus of parasitic nematode worms known as the `` small intestinal roundworms '' , which is a type of helminth .
Neolamprologus prochilus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known to occur in Zambian waters in the southern part of the lake .
Ischaemum jayachandranii is a species of perennial in the Calophyllaceae family .
Namibotites argentata is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Namibotites of the family Tephritidae .
Paleoparadoxia ( `` ancient paradox '' ) is a genus of large , herbivorous aquatic mammals that inhabited the northern Pacific coastal region during the Miocene epoch ( 20 to 10 million years ago ) .
The Flos fulgida or Shining Plushblue is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia , including India .
Labeobarbus progenys is a species of cyprinid fish found in the African countries of Cameroon and the Congo Republic , as well as a questionable presence in Angola .
Penstemon utahensis is a species of penstemon known by the common names Utah beardtongue and Utah penstemon .
Myoxanthus seidelii is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil ( Espírito Santo ) .
Apteromantis aptera is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Iberian Peninsula .
Brachipposideros is an extinct genus of leaf - nosed bats known from Riversleigh , north - western Queensland , Australia and the Languedoc - Roussillon Region , France .
Stictoleptura trisignata is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lepturinae subfamily .
Tapiroidea is a superfamily of perissodactyls which includes the modern tapir .
Ctenomorphodes chronus is a species of stick insect endemic to southern Australia .
Cassia brewsteri , commonly known as Brewster 's Cassia , Leichhardt Bean , Cassia pea and Bean Tree is a species of leguminous shrubs or small trees , of the plant family Fabaceae .
Abracadabrella birdsville is a species of jumping spider in the genus Abracadabrella .
Amsinckia vernicosa is a species of fiddleneck known by the common name green fiddleneck .
Lorymodes australis is a species of snout moth in the genus Lorymodes .
× Haagespostoa is a hybrid genus of cacti , a natural hybrid between Haageocereus and Espostoa .
Moolgarda seheli ( bluespot mullet ) is a member of the Mugilidae family of ray - finned fish found worldwide in coastal temperate and tropical waters , and in some species in fresh water .
Drosophila grimshawi is a species of fruit fly from Hawaii , and was one of 12 fruit fly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study .
Onthophagus vacca is a species of dung beetles in the Onthophagini tribe of the wider scarab beetle family , Scarabaeidae .
Conasprella orbignyi , common name Orbigny 's ( false ) cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Springeratus is a genus of clinids found in the southwestern Pacific and western Indian Ocean .
Sminthuridae is a family of springtails of the order Symphypleona .
Leporinus obtusidens is a South American species of headstander that inhabits the basins of the Paraná River and the Río de la Plata , the Uruguay River , and the São Francisco River ( including minor rivers and tributaries like the Bermejo , Pilcomayo , Salí , Juramento , Dulce , and Uniguay ) .
Calliostomatidae is a family of sea snails within the superfamily Trochoidea and the clade Vetigastropoda .
Barbodes is a genus of small to medium - sized cyprinid fish native to tropical Asia .
Hosta nigrescens is a species of plants that belong to the family Asparagaceae .
Gobius leucomelas is a species of goby native to the western Indian Ocean where it is only known from off of the coasts of Eritrea .
Capoeta trutta , the longspine scraper , is a species cyprinid fish from the Middle East .
Codakia costata , or the costate lucine , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Archips breviplicanus , the Asiatic leafroller , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Gonyosoma cantoris is a species of snake found in the Himalayas in India ( Sikkim , Assam ) and Nepal as well as the Khasi and Garo Hills in Myanmar .
Actinomorpha is a valcouroceratid genus , Order Oncocerida , from the Middle Ordovician of central North America ( Minnesota , Wisconsin ) , named by Rousseau Flower , 1943 .
Zanclognatha zelleralis , the dusky fan - foot , is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae .
Pherallodiscus is a genus of clingfishes native to the central eastern Pacific Ocean along the coast of Mexico .
Cicindela dorsalis ( common name eastern beach tiger beetle ) is a species of tiger beetle .
Smilax aristolochiifolia , also known as gray sarsaparilla , Mexican sarsaparilla , sarsaparilla , is a species in the genus Smilax and the family Smilacaceae , native to Mexico and Central America .
The type species , Genusaurus sisteronis , is the only named species .
Iskandaria kuschakewitschi , the Kuschakewitsch loach , is a species of stone loach found in the Central Asian nations of Uzbekistan and Afghanistan .
The splittails are a genus Pogonichthys of cyprinid fish , consisting of two species native to western North America .
Solanum verrogeneum is a species of plant in the family Solanaceae .
The Hawaiian stilt ( Himantopus mexicanus knudseni ) is an endangered Hawaiian subspecies of the black - necked stilt ( H. mexicanus ) species .
Cebrennus rechenbergi , also known as the Moroccan flic - flac spider , is a species of huntsman spider indigenous to Morocco .
Trifolium albopurpureum is a species of clover known by the common name rancheria clover .
Keraudrenia is a genus of flowering plants native to Australia , New Guinea and Madagascar .
Tandonia rustica is a species of air - breathing , keeled , land slug , a shell - less terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Milacidae .
Sceloporus occidentalis occidentalis is a subspecies of the western fence lizard .
Rubellatoma is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae
Acanthocobitis pavonacea also known as the Spearfin loach is a species of ray - finned fish is known from northeastern India in the Ganges and Brahmaputra basins .
Ophrys ferrum - equinum , the Horseshoe Bee - orchid , is a terrestrial species of orchid native to Albania , Greece , and Turkey , including Crete and other islands of the Aegean .
Eufriesea surinamensis belongs to the tribe of Euglossine bees and as such is a species of orchid bee .
Xenopoclinus leprosus , the Leprous platanna - klipfish , is a species of clinid found along the coast of South Africa from the Orange River to Algoa Bay .
Hyphydrus is a genus of diving beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Afro - tropical region , the Near East , North Africa .
Epilobium torreyi is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names Torrey 's willowherb and brook spike - primrose .
Hypolaena fastigiata , commonly known as tassel rope - rush , is a plant species in the family Restionaceae .
Litarachna lopezae is a species of aquatic mite in the order Trombidiformes .
Impatiens niamniamensis , common name Congo cockatoo or Parrot Impatiens , is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae .
Synbranchiformes , often called swamp eels , is an order of ray - finned fishes that are eel - like but have spiny rays , indicating that they belong to the superorder Acanthopterygii .
Megachilinae is a subfamily of bees .
Xymmer is a genus of ant in the subfamily Amblyoponinae containing the single species Xymmer muticus .
Lordhowea is a genus of flowering plants in the groundsel tribe within the daisy family .
Nonea is a genus of the borage family Boraginaceae .
Elliptio mcmichaeli is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels This species is endemic to the United States .
Diplommatina gibboni s a species of land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae .
Unio cariei was a species of medium - sized freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae .
Ribes pallidiflorum is a species in the genus Ribes native to the far east , from northeastern China to Russia ( Amur , Khabarovsk , Primorye , Sakhalin , and in the southern part of the Kamchatka Peninsula ) .
Ulva elegans is a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that is endemic to Morocco .
In 2008 , a taxonomic revision of western North American populations of this species was published , formally establishing it as a distinct species , Boletus rex - veris .
Nystalus is a genus of puffbird in the Bucconidae family .
Thalassoma robertsoni is a species of wrasse only known to occur in the waters around Clipperton Island .
Neocycloceras is an extinct nautiloid genus included in the Pseudorthocerida that lived during the Late Devonian and Mississippian ( early Carboniferous ) .
Nassarius speciosus , common name the purple - lipped dogwhelk or the splendid nassa , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Pimenta obscura ( also called Wild Pimento ) is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family .
Cirsium hookerianum , common name Hooker 's thistle or white thistle , is a North American species of thistle native to western Canada and the northwestern United States .
Crataegus dahurica is a species of hawthorn native to northeastern Asia .
The Cixiidae are a family of fulgoroid insects , one of many families commonly known as planthoppers , distributed worldwide and comprising more than 2,000 species from over 150 genera .
Mymarilla wollastoni is a species of fairyflies endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the southern Atlantic .
Phyllomacromia contumax , the two - banded cruiser , is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae that lives in sub - Saharan Africa .
Aristida chaseae is a rare species of grass known by the common name Chase 's threeawn .
Lamprima varians is a species of beetle in the Family Lucanidae , that is found from South Australia to Western Victoria .
Macronus , the tit - babblers , are a genus of birds in the Timaliidae family .
Anisakis is a genus of parasitic nematodes , which have life cycles involving fish and marine mammals .
Peltoschema is a genus of Chrysomelidae .
Shorea laeviforia is a plant species in the genus Shorea .
Kallima paralekta , commonly known as the Indian Leafwing or the Malayan Leafwing , is a species of brush - footed butterfly of the genus Kallima .
Apistoloricaria ommation is a species of armored catfish endemic to Peru where it is found in the lower Marañon River .
Reithrodontomys is the genus of groove - toothed New World harvest mice .
Mylabris phalerata is a species of blister beetle belonging to the Meloidae family .
Luciobrama macrocephalus is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in China and Vietnam .
The Chinese pangolin is one of eight species of pangolins .
Eschscholzia lobbii is a species of poppy known by the common name frying pans .
Pyrops delessertii is a species of true bug in the family Fulgoridae , in the genus Pyrops which are sometimes called as `` lanternflies '' .
Erigeron leibergii is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Leiberg 's fleabane .
Pliciloricus enigmaticus is a marine Loriciferan species of genus Pliciloricus described by Higgins & Kristensen 1986 .
Mallosia , described by Mulsant in 1847 , is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae , tribe Saperdini .
Zelippistes benhami is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Capulidae , the cap snails .
Oreolalax xiangchengensis ( Xiangcheng lazy toad or Xiangcheng toothed toad ) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family .
Austrochloritis pusilla is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in thefamily Camaenidae .
Dennstaedtia is a primarily tropical genus of ferns described as a genus in 1801 .
Bostrychia is a genus of ibises in the Threskiornithidae family .
Mitragyna tubulosa is a tree species found in Peninsular India in the Western Ghats .
It consists of only one species , Cacolyces plagifera , which is found in Brazil , Venezuela , Guyana , Surinam and French Guiana .
Scotiellopsis terrestris is an algae species in the genus Scotiellopsis .
Bromus inermis is a species of the true grass family ( Poaceae ) .
Arctostaphylos catalinae , known by the common name Santa Catalina Island manzanita , is a species of manzanita native to Southern California .
Drosera erythrorhiza , the red ink sundew , is a perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia .
Luzula orestera , with the common name Sierra woodrush , is a species of flowering plant in the rush family .
Chicoreus damicornis , common name the long - horned murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Polyergus lucidus is a species of slave - making ant in the subfamily Formicinae .
Gentiana septemfida ( crested gentian or summer gentian ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Gentianaceae , native to the Caucasus and Turkey .
Amalda is a genus of medium - sized sea snails , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae , the olives .
Barlow 's lark ( Calendulauda barlowi ) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family .
Peckemys is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Hell Creek Formation , United States during the late Cretaceous period ( Maastrichtian age ) .
Cestrum fasciculatum is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common names early jessamine and red cestrum .
Ukrainurus is an extinct genus of pancryptobranchan urodelan known from the Miocene of Grytsiv locality , Ukraine .
Acropora nasuta is a species of branching stony coral in the family Acroporidae .
Augochlora leptoloba is a species of sweat bee in the genus Augochlora and the extinct monotypic subgenus Electraugochlora .
Lucania goodei , the bluefin killifish , is a small species of fish in the topminnow family Fundulidae .
Azotobacter is a genus of usually motile , oval or spherical bacteria that form thick - walled cysts and may produce large quantities of capsular slime .
Lucilia thatuna belongs to the family Calliphoridae , the species most commonly referred to as the blowflies , and the genus Lucilia .
Chrysobalanus is a genus of evergreen perennial shrubs to small trees , described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753 .
Scansoriopteryx ( `` climbing wing '' ) is a genus of avialan dinosaur .
Leratiomyces is a genus of mushroom - forming basidiomycetes first proposed three times under invalid names , and finally validated in 2008 .
Tolypelepidida is an extinct order of heterostracan vertebrates .
Agrococcus jenensis is the type species of the Agrococcus genus of bacteria .
Brassia verrucosa , also known as Warty Brassia , is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family native to Mexico , Central America ( Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua ) , Venezuela , and Brazil .
Dysdera aurgitana is a spider species found in Spain .
Aacocrinus , also known as the feather star , is a genus of extinct sea lily from the Actinocrinitidae ( or Patelliocrinidae ) family .
Leptosiphon breviculus ( syn . Linanthus breviculus ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Mojave linanthus .
Helisoma anceps , common name the two - ridge rams - horn , is a species of air - breathing freshwater snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Xanthomonas arboricola is a species of proteobacteria .
Tugali colvillensis is a species of small sea snail or limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
Luina hypoleuca ( littleleaf silverback ) is a species of the genus Luina and the family Asteraceae .
Nidularium itatiaiae is a plant species in the genus Nidularium .
Dudleya ingens , commonly known as Baja liveforever , is a species of Dudleya that grows to an average height of 12 in ( 30 cm ) and a width of 12 in ( 30 cm ) .
Polyporus alveolaris , commonly known as the hexagonal - pored polypore , is a species of fungus in the genus Polyporus .
Buddleja cordobensis is a species endemic to dry hillsides in the Argentine provinces of Córdoba , San Luís , and La Rioja at altitudes of 700 - -1500 m ; it was first described and named by Grisebach in 1874 .
Acampe praemorsa is a species of monopodial orchid .
Mimoniphona fasciculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimoniphona .
Hipponix climax is a species of small limpet - like sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Hipponicidae , the hoof snails .
Delias pratti is a species of butterfly in the Pieridae family .
Allium omeiense is a plant species endemic to Sichuan , China .
The Caucasian wisent ( Bison bonasus caucasicus ) was a subspecies of wisent that inhabited the Caucasus Mountains of Eastern Europe .
Hemimastodon ( `` half mastodont '' ) is an extinct genus of proboscidea from the Late Miocene deposits of the Dera Bugti Beds in Pakistan .
Manilkara valenzuelana is a species of tree or tall shrub in the Sapodilla family .
Heterololigo is a monotypic genus of squids containing the single species Heterololigo bleekeri .
Centropyge heraldi , common ' herald 's angelfish ' is a species of Marine angelfish from the Pacific Ocean that sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade .
Xylophanes is a genus of moths in the family Sphingidae .
Jonesiaceae is a monotypic Actinobacteria family .
Streptomyces bullii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Atacama Desert in Salar de Atacama in Chile .
Minthostachys is a genus of the mint family Lamiaceae , comprising aromatic scandent shrubs .
Barbus goktschaicus ( Gokcha barbel ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
The Calycerales is a valid botanic name for an order of flowering plants .
Arenaria livermorensis , common name Livermore sandwort , is a plant species endemic to the Davis Mountains in Jeff Davis County in western Texas .
Quercus stellata ( Post oak ) is a North American species of oak in the white oak section .
Zaglossus hacketti is an extinct species of long - beaked echidna from Western Australia that is dated to the Pleistocene .
Cleptosoma clavipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cleptosoma .
The Chioneinae are a subfamily of limoniid crane flies .
Quercus toumeyi ( also called Toumey oak ) is a North American a species of trees and shrubs in the beech family .
Volema paradisiaca , common name : the Pear Melongena , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Melongenidae , the crown conches and their allies .
Mesonoemacheilus menoni is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Mesonoemacheilus .
It is a rare species with a ROTAP rating of 3VC- A small saprophytic plant growing to 45 cm ( 18 in ) tall on sandy soils and heathlands , Cryptostylis hunteriana is found mostly in coastal districts , south from the Gibraltar Range National Park .
The Blastocladiaceae are a family of fungi in the division Blastocladiomycota .
Galium uliginosum or fen bedstraw is a plant species of the genus Galium .
Glycine latrobeana ( clover glycine or Australian anchor plant ) is a species of perennial herb endemic to south - eastern Australia .
Georissa elegans is a species of minute cave snails , gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrocenidae of gastropod in the Hydrocenidae family .
Hydrangea robusta is a species of Hydrangea , native to China and the Himalayas .
Rissoellidae are a family of minute sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia .
The Anoplocephalidae are a family of tapeworms containing Bertiella species and others .
Phidippus clarus is a species of jumping spider ( family Salticidae ) found in old fields throughout eastern North America .
Cyathea alpicola is a species of tree fern native to central Sumatra , where it grows in montane rain forest at an altitude of 2000 - 2750 m. The erect trunk can reach 5 m or more in height .
Drescoma cyrdipsa is a species of snout moth in the genus Drescoma .
Eugenia koolauensis , commonly known as Koʻolau Eugenia or Nioi , is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae .
Penicillium isariiforme is an anamorph , phototropic species of the genus of Penicillium which produce secalonic acid D and F.
Alburnoides eichwaldii , the South Caspian sprilin is a fish species in the Cyprinidae family .
Hypogeophis brevis is a species of caecilian formerly included in the genus Grandisonia and found on the islands of Mahé and Silhouette in the Seychelles .
Petrolisthes laevigatus is a species of porcelain crab found in Chile and Peru .
Lapsanastrum is a genus of flowering plants in the dandelion family , native to East Asia ( China , Korea , Japan ) .
Cystopteris fragilis is a species of fern known by the common names brittle bladder - fern and common fragile fern .
Carcinus ( Greek : Καρκίνος Karkinos ) is a genus of crabs , which includes Carcinus maenas , an important invasive species , and C. aestuarii , a species endemic to the Mediterranean Sea .
Echinothrix is a genus of sea urchins which was first described in 1853 by Wilhelm Peters , a German naturalist and explorer .
Dicrossus is a genus of small cichlid fishes .
Ipsa childreni is a species of small or medium - sized sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Hexastylis naniflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the birthwort family known by the common name dwarf - flowered heartleaf .
Ingolfiellidea is a small suborder of amphipods with only two families , Ingolfiellidae and Metaingolfiellidae .
Panicoideae is the second - largest subfamily of the grasses with over 3,500 species , mainly distributed in warm temperate and tropical regions .
Cicuta bulbifera , commonly known as the bulb - bearing water - hemlock , is a plant native to North America and one of four species in the poisonous genus Cicuta .
Eremothera boothii is a species of wildflower known as Booth 's evening primrose .
Pliosauridae is a family of plesiosaurian marine reptiles from the Earliest Jurassic to the early Late Cretaceous ( Hettangian to Turonian stages ) of Australia , Europe , North America and South America .
Dapsilanthus spathaceus is a species of flowering plant of the family Restionaceae native to Australia .
Euphyllia cristata , commonly called grape coral , is a species of hard coral in the family Euphylliidae .
Poa glauca is a species of grass known by the common names glaucous bluegrass , glaucous meadow - grass and white bluegrass .
Grisollea thomassetii is a species of plant in the Stemonuraceae family .
Austrodanthonia caespitosa , known by various common names including Common Wallaby - grass , Ringed Wallaby - grass , and White - top , is a species of grass native to southern parts of Australia .
Asclepias welshii is a rare species of milkweed known by the common name Welsh 's milkweed .
Pyrgocythara plicosa , common name the plicate mangelia , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae .
Nakalipithecus nakayamai is a prehistoric great ape species that lived in today 's Kenya region early in the Late Miocene , 10 million years ago ( mya ) .
Pseudotriacanthus strigilifer , the Long - spined Tripodfish , is a species of Triacanthidae native to the Indian Ocean and the central western Pacific Ocean where it is found in coastal marine waters , also entering brackish waters in estuaries , at depths of from 2 to 110 metres ( 6.6 to 360.9 ft ) .
Allamanda cathartica , commonly called golden trumpet , common trumpetvine , and yellow allamanda , is a species of flowering plant of the genus Allamanda in the family Apocynaceae .
Patagopteryx is an extinct monotypic genus of birds that lived during the Late Cretaceous , around 80 mya , in what is now the Sierra Barrosa in northwestern Patagonia , Argentina .
Nemacladus ramosissimus is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name smallflower threadplant .
Coeloteuthis is a genus of belemnite , an extinct group of cephalopods .
Parthenium integrifolium is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names wild quinine , American feverfew , and Eastern feverfew .
Tropidophora semilineata was a species of land snail with a gill and an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae .
The Anastasia Island beach mouse ( Peromyscus polionotus phasma ) is a subspecies of the oldfield mouse of the southeastern United States .
Trichocera annulata , commonly known as the winter gnat , is a species of winter crane fly , of the order Diptera .
Hydrophis cyanocinctus , commonly called the annulated sea snake or the blue - banded sea snake , is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae .
Phyllanthus pulcher , the tropical leaf - flower , is a species in the genus Phyllanthus .
The Gerridae are a family of insects in the order Hemiptera , commonly known as water striders , water bugs , pond skaters , water skippers , or jesus bugs .
Stephanomeria diegensis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name San Diego wirelettuce .
Chiloglanis polypogon is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Cameroon where it occurs in the Cross River .
Three horned - scaled pitviper , Protobothrops sieversorum is a species of venomous pit viper .
The Del Norte salamander ( Plethodon elongatus ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Eria javanica is a species of orchid , which is a plant .
Although little is known about Kenyapotamus , its dental pattern bore similarities to that of the genus Xenohyus , a European tayassuid from the Early Miocene .
Lithophragma affine is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name San Francisco woodland star .
Prosopis affinis is a species of flowering tree in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is native to Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay , and Uruguay .
Aphthovirus ( from the Greek aphtha- , vesicles in the mouth ) is a viral genus of the family Picornaviridae .
Striatolamia is an extinct genus of sharks belonging to the family Odontaspididae .
Weaver ants or green ants ( genus Oecophylla ) are eusocial insects of the family Formicidae ( order Hymenoptera ) .
The Chinese red pika ( Ochotona erythrotis ) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae .
Columbellopsis nycteis , common name : the fenestrate dove shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae , the dove snails .
Lilaeopsis schaffneriana is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Schaffner 's grasswort and cienega false rush .
Falsoprosoplus luzonicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Falsoprosoplus .
It is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Austroomphaliaster nahuelbutensis , found in temperate South America .
Carex luzulina is a species of sedge known by the common name woodrush sedge .
Libellula angelina , als known as Bekko Tombo , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae , native to China and Japan .
Stathmopoda aposema is a species of moth of the family Oecophoridae .
Platycichla is a small disputed genus of tropical South American thrushes .
Pogonomyrmex californicus , or California harvester ant , is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Strigiphilus garylarsoni is a species of chewing louse found only on owls .
Aphids , also known as plant lice and in Britain and the Commonwealth as greenflies , blackflies , or whiteflies ( not to be confused with `` jumping plant lice '' or true whiteflies ) , are small sap - sucking insects , and members of the superfamily Aphidoidea .
The genus Ramaria comprises approximately 200 species of coral fungi .
Wasps of the genus Sphex ( commonly known as digger wasps ) are cosmopolitan predators that sting and paralyze prey insects .
Allobates mandelorum ( common name : Mount Turumiquire rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Horkelia fusca is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by several common names , including pinewoods horkelia and dusky horkelia .
Apphianus yuccae is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the only species in the genus Apphianus .
Leptosiphon montanus ( syn . Linanthus montanus ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name mustang clover .
Alopecosa kovblyuki is a wolf spider species found in Russia and Ukraine .
Borneodessus zetteli is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Borneodessus .
Discoplax is a genus of terrestrial crabs .
Astroloma foliosum , commonly known as candle cranberry , is a small shrub species in the family Ericaceae .
Micronema is a genus of sheatfishes native to the Southeast Asian region .
Gregoria fenestrata is the only member species of sea anemones in the genus Gregoria .
Oxychilus inopinatus ( Uličný , 1887 ) is a species of small land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae , the glass snails .
Coregonus bavaricus , known as the kilch or Ammersee - Kilch in German , is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae .
Acacia loderi , known colloquially as nelia or nealie , is a species of Acacia native to Australia .
Aspilota vicina is a species of insect from the Braconidae family .
Balbaroo fangaroo is an extinct species of kangaroo .
Styrax crotonoides is a species of plant in the genus Styrax and family Styracaceae .
Polemonium californicum is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names moving polemonium , low Jacob's - ladder , and California Jacob 's ladder .
Muntingia calabura , the sole species in the genus Muntingia , is a flowering plant native to southern Mexico , the Caribbean , Central America , and western South America south to Peru and Bolivia .
Trichomycterus balios is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil , where it occurs in the upper portion of the Das Antas and Caí river basins ( Laguna dos Patos system ) , and the Mampituba river basin , in the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Ceratophyllum submersum , commonly known as the soft hornwort , is a species of Ceratophyllum .
Mesoponera melanaria , is a species of ant of the subfamily Ponerinae .
Reimarochloa is a genus of New World plants in the grass family , native to North and South America including the Greater Antilles .
Tentoriceps is a monotypic genus of cutlassfish , family Trichiuridae , from the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Rukwasuchus is an extinct genus of peirosaurid mesoeucrocodylian known from the middle Cretaceous Galula Formation of southwestern Tanzania .
Orthomegas maryae is a species of beetle in the Orthomegas genus that is in the Cerambycidae family .
Mellinus arvensis ( field digger wasp ) is a species of solitary wasp .
Salanoia is a genus of euplerid carnivoran with two currently described species found in Madagascar .
Eirenis barani , commonly known as Baran 's dwarf racer , is a species of snake in the Colubridae family .
Zabrus rotundicollis is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is can be found in Armenia , Iran and Turkey .
Lycium shawii , desert thorn or Arabian boxthorn is a species of thorny shrub adapted to desert environments .
Inanidrilus falcifer is a species of Annelid worm .
The Nuñez tree iguana , Liolaemus curis , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Agrostophyllum philippinense is a species of orchid in the genus Agrostophyllum that was first described by Oakes Ames in 1910 .
Lentinula guarapiensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae that is found in Paraguay .
Bellator egretta , the streamer searobin , is a species of searobin native to the western Atlantic Ocean .
Cadlina pacifica is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae .
Bostrychus microphthalmus is a species of fish from the Eleotridae family .
It has only one species , Stylomecon heterophylla , the windpoppy , which is native to California and north western Mexico .
Nemegtosauridae is a family of probably titanosaurian sauropod dinosaurs based originally on two late Cretaceous Mongolian species known only from their diplodocid - like skulls :
Crinoids are marine animals that make up the class Crinoidea of the echinoderms ( phylum Echinodermata ) .
Rabidosa rabida also known as Rabid wolf spider , is a species of spiders from the Lycosidae family , which can be found from Maine to Florida and west to Texas in the United States .
Schistosomatidae is a family of digenetic trematodes with complex parasitic life cycles .
Turrisaspis elektor is an extinct species of groenlandaspid arthrodire placoderm .
Echinopsis candicans is a species of cactus from northern and western Argentina ( Monte Desert ) .
Texella cokendolpheri is a rare species of arachnid known by the common name Cokendolpher Cave harvestman .
Pachyphytum oviferum ( also named Sugaralmond plant or Moonstone ) is a species of the genus Pachyphytum in the family of Crassulaceae .
The only member of its genus , Allosmerus elongatus , the whitebait smelt , is an uncommon marine species of smelt , about which little is known .
Ormosia nobilis ( sometimes incorrectly : Ormosia novilis ) is a tree - forming plant species in the genus Ormosia .
Buddleja jinsixiaensis is a newly discovered species endemic to Shaanxi , China , where it grows in the Jinxia Grand Canyon at an elevation of c. 1,200 m. Two specimens were found , one in Quercus forest , another on a rocky slope , by a team led by Renbin Zhu in May , 2013 .
Hybodus ( `` humped tooth '' ) is an extinct genus of widespread and long - lived sharks , first appearing towards the end of the Permian period , and disappearing during the Late Cretaceous .
Trillium angustipetalum is a species of Trillium , plants which may be included within the lily family or the newer family Melanthiaceae .
Anopheles sinensis is a species of mosquito that transmits malaria as well as lymphatic filariasis .
Draba pterosperma is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name wingedseed draba .
Bellamya trochlearis is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae .
Orthotylus verticatus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that can be found in France and Spain .
Diacamma ceylonense , also known as Sri Lanka queenless ant , is a species of ant of the subfamily Ponerinae .
Wasmannia is a genus of ants that are social , native to tropical habitats , and haplodiploid , with the reproductive castes ( queens and drones ) haploid , and the worker caste diploid .
Anopterus glandulosus , commonly known as native laurel or Tasmanian laurel , is a species of shrub or small tree in the family Escalloniaceae , endemic to the rainforests of western and southern Tasmania .
Eubacterium acidaminophilum is a Gram - positive bacterium species in the genus Eubacterium , notable for being an amino acid - degrading obligate anaerobe producing or utilizing H2 or formate .
Deiregyne is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae , native to Mexico , Guatemala and Honduras .
Lamprophis is a genus of medium - sized , nonvenomous snakes commonly referred to as African house snakes .
Cicurina baronia is a rare species of spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Robber Baron cave meshweaver .
Pharidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs , currently classified in the unassigned Euheterodonta .
Sterculia apetala , commonly known as the Panama tree , camoruco or manduvi tree , is a species of plant in the Malvaceae family .
Hyla eximia , the mountain treefrog , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico .
The Indian toad or ridged toad ( Bufo parietalis ) is a species of toad found in the Western Ghats of India .
In 2014 it was named and described by Jaime Headden and Hebert Bruno Nascimento Campos as a separate genus Banguela , with the type species Banguela oberlii .
Aratus pisonii , commonly known as the mangrove tree crab , is a species of crab which lives in mangrove trees in tropical and subtropical parts of the Americas , from Florida to Brazil on the Atlantic coast , and from Nicaragua to Peru on the Pacific coast .
Polygonum bidwelliae is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Bidwell 's knotweed .
Agyneta gracilipes is a species of sheet weaver found in Cameroon , Gabon , Congo , Kenya and Angola .
Saurocytozoon is a genus of parasitic protozoa .
Vesperus brevicollis is a species of brown coloured western European beetle in the Vesperidae family that can be found in Portugal and Spain .
Dipetalogaster , a genus of Triatominae , the kissing bugs , has only a single species , Dipetalogaster maxima , which is found in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur .
The type species was named Obamadon gracilis after United States president Barack Obama , `` in reference to the tall , straight teeth , and the manner in which Mr. Obama has acted as a role model of good oral hygiene for the world . ''
Spiroplasma is a genus of Mollicutes , a group of small bacteria without cell walls .
Spinohybolasius spinicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spinohybolasius .
Roeperocharis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae , native to eastern Africa .
Acanthogammaridae is a family of amphipod crustaceans , endemic to Lake Baikal .
Phalaenopsis sumatrana is a species of orchid endemic to peninsular Thailand , Vietnam and southern Sumatra .
The Schneider 's shrub frog , ( Pseudophilautus schneideri ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family , endemic to Sri Lanka .
Acrostictomyia longistigma is a species of ulidiidae or picture - winged fly in the genus Acrostictomyia of the family Ulidiidae .
Carex atherodes is a species of sedge known by the common name wheat sedge .
Tropaeum ( `` Trophy '' ) is an extinct genus of ammonite cephalopod found throughout the oceans of the world during the Early Cretaceous .
Spirocodon is a monotypic genus of athecate hydroids and Spirocodon saltatrix is the only species in the genus .
Ophiopogon japonicus ( dwarf lilyturf , mondograss , fountainplant , monkeygrass ; Japanese : リュウノヒゲ ryu - no - hige ( `` dragon 's beard '' ) or ジャノヒゲ ja - no - hige ( `` snake 's beard '' ) ) is a species of Ophiopogon native to China , India , Japan , and Vietnam .
Buddleja suaveolens is endemic to central Chile , growing mostly in rocky areas along rivers at elevations of 500 -- 2,900 m. The species was first named and described by Kunth and Bouché in 1845 .
Baschkirites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonoid order Goniatitida that lived during the Early Carboniferous ( Bashkirian ) .
Plectritis ciliosa is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common name longspur seablush .
Discohelicidae is an extinct family of sea snails with planispiral shells , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Haplomitrium andinum is a species of liverwort from Peru .
Arctostaphylos mewukka is a species of manzanita known by the common name Indian manzanita .
Atrophaneura semperi is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in Indonesia , Malaysia , and the Philippines .
Setosipennula is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing only one species , Setosipennula viettei , which is known from Madagascar .
The cavy family ( Caviidae ) is a family of rodents native to South America , including the domestic guinea pig , wild cavies , and the capybara , among other animals .
Phyllactinia guttata is a species of fungus in the Erysiphaceae family ; the anamorph of this species is Ovulariopsis moricola .
Belopus elongatus ( synonym of Centorus ( Belopus ) elongatus Herbst , 1797 ) is a species of darkling beetles in the subfamily Lagriinae .
Callomyia elegans is a fly species in the genus Callomyia found in Europe .
Phallostethus dunckeri is a species of fish in the Phallostethidae family .
Arrhenia acerosa , commonly known as the moss oysterling , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae .
Neptidopsis is a genus of nymphalid butterfly found in Africa , commonly called Sailors .
Psilocybe makarorae is a species of psilocybin mushroom in the family Strophariaceae .
Hipposideros grandis , the grand roundleaf bat ( also known as the grand leaf - nosed bat ) is a species of bat in the genus Hipposideros .
Ranunculus bonariensis is a species of buttercup known by the common name Carter 's buttercup .
Rhododendron farrerae ( Mrs. Farrer 's Rhododendron ) is a deciduous rhododendron species native to China ( Hong Kong , Hunan to Fujian ) , with violet flowers , reaching a height of 60 cm . ( 2 ft . ) .
Valvata macrostoma is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae , the valve snails .
Euphorbia horrida ( African milk barrel ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae , native to South Africa .
Trichosporon mycotoxinivorans is a yeast species purportedly useful in the detoxification of various mycotoxins .
Aristea cantharophila is a plant species endemic to a small region of Western Cape Province , South Africa , Southeast of Cape Town .
Barbosania is an extinct genus of crestless ornithocheirid pterosaur from the Cretaceous Romualdo Member of the Santana Formation of Northeastern Brazil , dating to the Albian - Cenomanian stage .
The Palaeodictyoptera are an extinct order of medium - sized to very large , primitive Palaeozoic paleopterous insects .
Leptosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae .
Ectomomyrmex astutus is a species of ant in the genus Ectomomyrmex .
Plectrurus aureus , commonly known as the Kerala burrowing snake , is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to India .
Subspecies Scopula rubiginata ochraceata is mostly treated as a species , Scopula ochraceata .
Gonatista major is a species of praying mantis native to the Caribbean and is found in Puerto Rico , on Hispaniola , and perhaps elsewhere .
Echinus esculentus , the European edible sea urchin or common sea urchin , is a species of marine invertebrate in the Echinidae family .
Ligumia nasuta ( eastern pondmussel ) is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Paralucia spinifera , commonly known as the Bathurst Copper or Purple Copper , is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
Gallirallus is a genus that contains about a dozen living , and several recently extinct , species of rails that live in the Australasian - Pacific region .
Gebiidea is an infraorder of decapod crustaceans , formerly classified in the Thalassinidea .
Hyalella is a South and North American genus of mainly freshwater amphipods .
Scaphyglottis is a genus of orchids native to Mexico , Central America , northern South America and parts of the Caribbean .
Eosacantha is an extinct genus of tortoise beetle in the family Chrysomelidae and containing a single species Eosacantha delocranioides .
Bacillus sporothermodurans is a species of bacteria notable for producing highly heat - resistant endospores , hence its name .
Carabus perrini perrini is a subspecies of black - coloured beetle from Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Ukraine .
Hugonia micans is a species of plant in the Linaceae family .
Abraliopsis falco is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in the tropical waters of the East Pacific Ocean , and is known from Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , Ecuador , El Salvador , Guatemala , México , Nicaragua , Panamá , Perú and the United States .
Speke 's gazelle ( Gazella spekei ) is the smallest of the gazelle species .
Ericameria nana is a North American species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common names dwarf goldenbush and rubberweed .
Mertensophryne schmidti ( commonly known as Schmidt 's snouted frog ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Phallus drewesii is a species of stinkhorn mushroom endemic to São Tomé that was first described in 2009 .
Botrychium lunaria is a species of fern known by the common name moonwort or common moonwort .
Quercus hypoxantha is a Mexican species of plant in the beech family .
Passandridae , the `` parasitic flat bark beetles , '' are a family of beetles notable for being one of the very few beetle families with larvae that are , as far as known , exclusively ectoparasitic on the immature stages of other beetles and Hymenoptera .
Phalacrognathus muelleri , colloquially the rainbow stag beetle , is a species of beetle in the family Lucanidae .
Thalassinidea is a former infraorder of decapod crustaceans that live in burrows in muddy bottoms of the world 's oceans .
The mydid fly genus Rhaphiomidas contains fewer than 30 species / subspecies , all of them occurring in the desert regions of the southwestern United States and adjacent portions of northwestern Mexico .
Urtica chamaedryoides , commonly called heartleaf nettle , is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family .
Plicofollis is a genus of sea catfishes found along the coasts of the Indian Ocean from Africa to Australasia with some species ranging up into the Philippines .
Sirenoscincus is a genus of burrowing lizards , skinks that are endemic to Madagascar .
Penstemon anguineus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Siskiyou beardtongue .
Xenotyphlops grandidieri is a species of blind snake endemic to Madagascar .
Aromobates saltuensis ( common name : salty rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
The Bucephaloidea are a superfamily of trematode flatworms , belonging to the large group Digenea .
Cortinarius argyrionus is a species of sequestrate ( truffle - like ) fungus in the family Cortinariaceae .
Betta tomi is a species of gourami native to the Malaysian Peninsula where it is currently only found in Johor .
Eriogonum palmerianum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Palmer 's buckwheat .
Stereocyclops ( common name : Brazilian dumpy frogs ) is a small genus of microhylid frogs endemic to the Atlantic forest of eastern Brazil .
Luzula lutea , is a species of perennial plant in Juncaceae family which is 12 - -15 centimetres ( 4.7 - -5.9 in ) tall .
Dichocoenia stellaris , commonly known as pancake star coral , is a species of stony coral in the family Meandrinidae .
Hesperostipa comata , commonly known as needle - and - thread grass , is a species of grass native to North America , especially the western third .
Plesiocystiscus josephinae is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , sometimes placed in the family Cystiscidae .
Trichostenidea rufopunctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Trichostenidea .
The Oriental fire - bellied toad ( Bombina orientalis ) is a small ( 4 cm , 2 `` ) semiaquatic frog species found in Korea , northeastern China , and adjacent parts of Russia .
Lithobius microps ( also known as stone centipede ; or in the United States as Delcore 's Centipede ( It 's synonyms are Lithobius duboscqui and Sigibius puritanicus ) is a species of centipede from Lithobiidae family that can be found in the Northeast of the United States , England and South Wales .
Janetaescincus is a genus of burrowing skinks ( family Scincidae ) endemic to the Seychelles .
The Sepidiini is a tribe of ground - dwelling darkling beetles ( Tenebrionidae ) , that occurs across Africa , the Mediterranean Basin , the Arabian Peninsula and Mesopotamia .
Paracanthocobitis zonalternans also known as the Dwarf zipper loach is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis .
Gyrinus is a genus of small aquatic whirligig beetles in the family Gyrinidae native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Near East , the Nearctic and North Africa .
Campichoetidae is a small family of acalyptrate Diptera with only one genus Campichoeta Macquart , 1835.They are regarded by some authors as Diastatidae .
Pinus densata , commonly known as the Sikang pine , is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
Calliophis is a genus of venomous elapid snakes , one of several known commonly as oriental coral snakes or Asian coral snakes .
Parablennius intermedius , the false Tasmanian blenny or horned blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Indian ocean near Australian coasts .
Ceramaster patagonicus , the cookie star , is a species of sea star .
Pergularia is a genus of the botanical family Apocynaceae .
Conozoa is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae .
Pittosporum tobira is a species of flowering plant in the Pittosporum family known by several common names , including Japanese pittosporum , Japanese mock - orange and Japanese cheesewood .
Vitis arizonica , commonly known as Canyon grape , is a North American species of wild grape .
Mirabilis rotundifolia is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name roundleaf four o'clock .
Caliciviridae is a family of viruses , members of Class IV of the Baltimore scheme .
Based on features of the peristome and recognition of a wrinkle layer , unique in this family , Frest et al . , 1981 , renamed the genus Sosioceras , in reference to its location , arguing for its separation .
Malus × micromalus ( also known as midget crabapple or Kaido crabapple ) , is a species in the genus Malus , in the family Rosaceae .
Swordfish are ectothermic animals ; however , along with some species of sharks , they have special organs next to their eyes to heat their eyes and brains .
Acontias is a genus of limbless skinks , the lance skinks , ( family Scincidae ) in the African subfamily Acontinae .
Phoeniculus is a genus of bird in the Phoeniculidae family .
Cyathea halconensis is a species of tree fern native to the islands of Luzon and Mindoro in the Philippines , where it grows in forest at an altitude of 1200 - 1700 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and 2 - 4 m tall .
Myrceugenia exsucca is an evergreen woody flowering plant species of the Myrtle family , Myrtaceae .
Opuntia polyacantha is a common species of cactus known by the common names plains pricklypear , hairspine cactus , panhandle pricklypear , and starvation pricklypear .
Although conventionally considered to be an order in the class Scyphozoa , recent genetic studies suggest that Stauromedusae should be elevated to a taxon equivalent of Scyphozoa and Cubozoa , and should therefore be known as the class Staurozoa .
Lactuca , commonly known as lettuce , is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae .
Cretaceogekko is an extinct monotypic genus of gecko ( represented by the type species Cretaceogekko burmae ) known from a single partial specimen preserved in amber from the Early Cretaceous of Burma .
Geranium arboreum is a rare species of geranium known by the common names Hawaiian red - flowered geranium and Hawaii red cranesbill .
Morania is a genus of cyanobacterium preserved as carbonaceous films in the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale .
†Partula rustica was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Oman ypsilon , the Oman blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean , around Oman .
Lonicera conjugialis is a species of honeysuckle known by the common name purpleflower honeysuckle .
Eupristocerus cogitans is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Eupristocerus .
Clausirion bicolor is a species of longhorn beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Hemimenia is a genus of solenogasters , shell - less , worm - like mollusks .
The bacterial order Chlamydiales includes only obligately intracellular bacteria that have a chlamydia - like developmental cycle of replication and at least 80 % 16S rRNA or 23S rRNA gene sequence identity with other members of Chlamydiales .
Phyllachora is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae .
Pygomeles is a genus of skinks endemic to Madagascar .
Fittonia verschaffeltii ( commonly known as Nerve Plant ) is a species of tropical plant native to Peru .
Donnie Ray Albert ( born January 10 , 1950 ) is an American operatic baritone who has had an active international career since 1976 .
Lauren Flanigan ( born May 18 , 1959 ) is an American operatic soprano who has had an active international career since the 1980s .
Nancy Fabiola Herrera is a Canarian mezzo - soprano opera singer .
Sandra Warfield ( June 8 , 1921 -- June 29 , 2009 ) was an American operatic mezzo - soprano who performed with New York City 's Metropolitan Opera from the 1950s through the 1970s .
Béatrice La Palme ( July 27 , 1878 -- January 8 , 1921 ) , was a soprano opera singer , violinist , and music teacher .
Robin Follman is an American operatic soprano who has appeared in many of the world 's best opera houses and concert halls in operas , oratorios , concerts , and recitals .
Isabella Girardeau ( née Calliari ? ; ? -- ? ) was an Italian operatic soprano who flourished in London , England from 1709 to 1712 .
Stephen Mahy is an Australian born tenor from Sydney , NSW best known for originating the role of Bob Gaudio in the Australian production of Jersey Boys .
Alessandro Bonci ( February 10 , 1870 -- August 10 , 1940 ) was an Italian lyric tenor known internationally for his association with the bel canto repertoire .
Andrew Foster - Williams ( born in Wigan , Greater Manchester ) is an English operatic bass - baritone , concert singer and recitalist .
Christa Mayer is a German operatic mezzo - soprano .
Irene Dalis ( born Yvonne Patricia Dalis , October 8 , 1925 -- December 14 , 2014 ) was an American mezzo - soprano singer , who had a long international career at the highest levels of world opera .
Denia Mazzola - Gavazzeni , is an operatic soprano , born 4 February 1953 in Bergamo , Italy .
Amy Evans ( 24 October 1884 -- 5 January 1983 ) was a Welsh soprano and actress known for her performances in oratorio , recitals , and opera .
Charles - Louis Sainte - Foy , born Charles - Louis Pubereaux , also known simply as Sainte - Foy ( 13 February 1817 -- 1 April 1877 ) was a French operatic tenor who sang at the Opéra - Comique for over 30 years .
Christian Kostal León de Castillo ( born 7 September 1985 ) is an Austrian - Mexican tenor , conceptual artist , musicologist and artistic director .
Nathan Berg ( born in Spalding , Saskatchewan , Canada ) is an operatic bass - baritone who has had a concert , opera and recording career largely in North America and Europe .
Birgit Nilsson ( 17 May 1918 -- 25 December 2005 ) was a celebrated Swedish dramatic soprano who specialized in operatic works of Wagner and Strauss , though she sang the operas of many other composers , including Verdi and Puccini .
Roland Hayes ( June 3 , 1887 -- January 1 , 1977 ) was an American lyric tenor and composer .
Marion Hood ( 1 April 1854 - 14 August 1912 ) was an English soprano who performed in opera and musical theatre in the last decades of the 19th century .
Barbara Smith Conrad ( born 1940 ) is an American operatic mezzo - soprano of international acclaim .
Jaume Aragall i Garriga ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʒawmə əɾəˈɣaʎ ) ; born 6 June 1939 ) , better known as Giacomo Aragall , is a Spanish operatic tenor , considered one of the best ever , not just for the beauty of his voice but also for the wonderful way of singing and acting .
Orlandus Wilson ( 1917 -- December 30 , 1998 ) was one of the longest standing members of the Golden Gate Quartet and the group 's bass singer .
Mathilde Mallinger ( Croatian pronunciation : ( mǎliŋger ) ; 17 February 1847 -- 19 April 1920 ) was a famous Croatian lyric soprano opera singer .
Viola Gillette ( 1871 - 1956 ) , born Viola Pratt , was an American contralto from Salt Lake City .
Pauline Lucca ( April 25 , 1841 -- February 28 , 1908 ) was a prominent operatic soprano , born in the Austrian capital of Vienna .
Luigi Marini , ( 1885 -- 1942 ) was an Italian lyric tenor .
Lawrence Brownlee ( born 1972 ) is an American operatic tenor particularly associated with the bel canto repertoire .
André Pernet ( 1894 - -1966 ) was a French bass - baritone opera performer .
Deborah Polaski ( born May 26 , 1949 , in Richland Center , Wisconsin ) is an American opera and concert singer ( soprano ) .
McHenry Boatwright ( February 29 , 1928 -- November 5 , 1994 ) was an American operatic bass - baritone and singing teacher .
Lilli Lehmann , born Elisabeth Maria Lehmann , later Elisabeth Maria Lehmann - Kalisch ( 24 November 1848 , in Würzburg -- 17 May 1929 , in Berlin ) was a German operatic soprano of phenomenal versatility .
Giacinta Toso ( 1807 - 1889 ) , ( also Toso Puzzi or Puzzi Toso ) , Maman Puzzi , was an Italian operatic soprano who had a significant career in England during the 1820s and 1830s , before ill health forced her to retire from the stage .
Noemí Carrión Pérez , is a Spanish singer ( soprano and mezzo soprano ) , dancer , and actress , known also as Naymi and Noemí .
Dame Isobel Baillie , DBE ( 9 March 1895 -- 24 September 1983 ) was a Scottish soprano , popular in opera , oratorio and lieder .
Gemma Bellincioni ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒɛmma bellinˈtʃoːni ) ; 18 August 1864 -- 23 April 1950 ) was an Italian soprano and one of the best - known opera singers of the late 19th century .
Alenka Gotar is a Slovene soprano singer , born in Rodica pri Domžalah in 1977 .
Victoria Bezetti ( born 11 March 1937 ) is a Romanian classical soprano who had an active performance career from the 1960s through the 1990s .
Johan Reuter ( born 1969 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish baritone and opera singer .
Marietta Alboni ( 6 March 1826 -- 23 June 1894 ) was a renowned Italian contralto opera singer .
