Ten Novels and Their Authors is a 1954 work of literary criticism by William Somerset Maugham .
The Rim of the Unknown is a collection of stories by author Frank Belknap Long .
The Seething Pot is a roman à clef written by George A. Birmingham which negatively portrays various individuals and organizations of County Mayo .
All My Sons is a 1947 play by Arthur Miller .
The Cry of the Wolf is a novel for children or young adults , written by Melvin Burgess and published by Andersen Press in 1990 ( ISBN 1849393753 ) .
The Talking Parcel ( also published as The Battle for Castle Cockatrice ) is a 1974 book by Gerald Durrell in which children are transported to the fantasy land of Mythologia to save it from cockatrices .
The Great Hydration is the sixteenth and last science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley .
The Dragons of Blueland is the third and final book in the My Father 's Dragon series by Ruth Stiles Gannett .
Tell - All is a novel by Chuck Palahniuk , released on May 4 , 2010 .
Not Without My Husband ( German title : Nicht ohne meinen Mann ) is a book written by Justine Harun - Mahdavi .
The Eyes of Heisenberg is a 1966 science fiction novel by Frank Herbert .
Journey Without Maps ( 1936 ) is a travel account by Graham Greene , about a 350-mile , 4-week walk through the interior of Liberia in 1935 .
Hate List is a young adult novel written by Jennifer Brown and published in 2009 by Little , Brown Books for Young Readers .
Dr. Heidenhoff 's Process is an early novel by American author Edward Bellamy .
God 's Playground is a book written in 1979 by Norman Davies , covering the history of Poland .
More Tomorrow & Other Stories is a collection by British author Michael Marshall Smith .
The Man with a Thousand Names is a short novel written by A. E. van Vogt .
Red Cotton Night - Cap Country , or Turf and Towers ( 1873 ) is a poem in blank verse by Robert Browning .
A Glastonbury Romance ( 1932 ) is the second of John Cowper Powys 's ( 1873 - -1963 ) Wessex novels , along with Wolf Solent ( 1929 ) , Weymouth Sands ( 1934 ) and Maiden Castle ( 1936 ) .
Diet for a Small Planet is a 1971 bestselling book by Frances Moore Lappé , the first major book to note the environmental impact of meat production as wasteful and a contributor to global food scarcity .
Bat Loves the Night is a non - fiction children 's picture book by Nicola Davies and illustrated by Sarah Fox - Davies .
A World Transformed is a 1998 book ( ISBN 0 - 679 - 43248 - 5 ) by former President George H. W. Bush and Brent Scowcroft , Bush 's National Security Advisor , documenting foreign relations during the Bush administration .
Monsieur Linh and His Child is a novella by French author Philippe Claudel , originally published in French in 2005 .
Living History is a 2003 memoir by Hillary Rodham Clinton ( a former First Lady and future Secretary of State of the United States ) , at which time she was a sitting Senator from New York .
`` Farmer Giles of Ham '' is a comic Medieval fable written by J. R. R. Tolkien in 1937 and published in 1949 .
Irretrievable ( German : Unwiederbringlich , 1892 , also known as Beyond Recall and No Way Back ) is one of realist Theodor Fontane 's mature German novels .
Bagthorpes Unlimited is the third children 's novel in The Bagthorpe Saga , a series by author Helen Cresswell .
The Sun Doctor was the second novel written by author and actor Robert Shaw .
The Parafaith War ( 1996 ) is a science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt , Jr ..
Cicero 's De Divinatione ( Latin , `` Concerning Divination '' ) is a philosophical treatise in two books written in 44 BC . It takes the form of a dialogue whose interlocutors are Cicero ( speaking mostly in Book II ) and his brother Quintus .
So Much to Tell You is a young adult novel by Australian author John Marsden , first published in 1987 .
The Herbal Bed ( 1996 ) is a play by Peter Whelan , written specifically for the Royal Shakespeare Company .
The Life of David Brainerd , also called The Life and Diary of David Brainerd , is a biography of David Brainerd by evangelical theologian Jonathan Edwards , first published in 1749 under the title `` An Account of the Life of the Late Rev. David Brainerd '' .
The Sea Lady is a fantasy novel written by H. G. Wells that has some of the aspects of a fable .
Absalom , Absalom ! is a novel by the American author William Faulkner , first published in 1936 .
A Killing Kindness is a crime novel by Reginald Hill , the sixth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series .
A Thing of Beauty is a novel by author A. J. Cronin , initially published in 1956 , with the alternate title of Crusader 's Tomb .
Clovis Dardentor is an 1896 fiction novel by French writer Jules Verne , written partly as a travel narrative .
Religio Laici , Or A Layman 's Faith ( 1682 ) is a poem by John Dryden , published as a premise to his subsequent The Hind and the Panther ( 1687 ) , a final outcome of his conversion to Roman Catholicism .
The Exploits of Sherlock Holmes is a short story collection of Sherlock Holmes pastiches written by Adrian Conan Doyle and John Dickson Carr , first published in 1954 .
Diggers , Hatters & Whores is a 2008 history of gold rushes in New Zealand by Stevan Eldred - Grigg .
Adeline 's Dream is the first installment of the realistic fiction novel series From Many Peoples written by Linda Aksomitis .
The Life of Erasmus Darwin is the 1879 biography of Erasmus Darwin ( 1731 - 1802 ) by his grandson Charles Darwin and the German biologist Ernst Krause .
The Terminal Man is a novel by Michael Crichton about the dangers of mind control .
Past Mortem is a detective novel by Ben Elton first published in 2004 .
Prelude to Christopher is a 1934 novella by Eleanor Dark ( 1901 - -1985 ) .
The Paradox Men is a science fiction novel by Charles L. Harness , his most famous single novel and his first .
My Grandfather 's Son A Memoir is the 2007 memoir of Clarence Thomas , an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court .
The G - String Murders is a 1941 detective novel written by famed American burlesque performer Gypsy Rose Lee .
The Three Questions is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1885 as part of the collection What Men Live By , and Other Tales .
Ripley Under Ground is a psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith , the second novel in her Ripliad series .
The Hunger of Sejanoz is a game book by Joe Dever .
The Ruined Map ( 燃え尽きた地図 Moetsukita chizu ) is a novel written by the Japanese writer Kōbō Abe in 1967 .
Stands a Shadow is the second book in the Heart of the World Series written by Col Buchanan .
Forewords and Afterwords is a prose book by W. H. Auden published in 1973 .
Hades ' Daughter is the first book in the Troy Game series by Sara Douglass .
Girl Genius is an ongoing comic book series turned webcomic , written and drawn by Phil and Kaja Foglio and published by their company Studio Foglio LLC under the imprint Airship Entertainment .
Dodona 's Grove ( 1640 ) is a historical allegory by James Howell , making extensive use of tree lore .
Expediente Negro ( Spanish for `` Black Dossier '' ) is a non - fiction 1972 book written by José Vicente Rangel about the murders in the 1960s of Venezuelan campesinos ( farmers ) .
`` The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences '' is the title of an article published in 1960 by the physicist Eugene Wigner .
Les Voleurs de beauté ( `` the beauty thieves '' ) is a 1997 novel by the French writer Pascal Bruckner .
`` Ex Oblivione '' is a prose poem by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft , written in late 1920 or early 1921 and first published in The United Amateur in March 1921 , under the pseudonym Ward Phillips .
The Invincible Iron Man is an Eisner Award - winning comic book series written by Matt Fraction with art by Salvador Larroca , published by Marvel Comics and starring the superhero Iron Man .
Classification des dialectes arméniens ( Classification of Armenian dialects ) is a 1909 book by the Armenian linguist Hrachia Adjarian , published in Paris .
The Weight of Water is a 1997 bestselling novel by Anita Shreve .
Lucíola is an urban fiction novel written by the Brazilian writer José de Alencar .
Another Day of Life is a non - fiction record of three months of the Angolan Civil War by the Polish writer Ryszard Kapuściński .
After Worlds Collide ( 1934 ) was a sequel to the 1933 science fiction novel , When Worlds Collide , both of which were co - written by Philip Gordon Wylie and Edwin Balmer .
`` White Horse Neighs in the Western Wind '' , also translated as `` Swordswoman Riding West on White Horse '' , is a wuxia novella by Jin Yong ( Louis Cha ) .
Tyrannosaur Canyon is a novel by Douglas Preston published on August 11 , 2005 by Forge Books .
¡ Adiós , Cordera ! ( 1892 ) is a Spanish short story written by Leopoldo Alas ( also known as Clarín ) .
Beyond the Devil 's Teeth is a travel book by Anglo - Afghan author , Tahir Shah .
Of the Rings of Power and the Third Age is the fifth and last part of The Silmarillion by J. R. R. Tolkien .
The Ladder of Divine Ascent , or Ladder of Paradise ( Κλίμαξ ; Scala or Climax Paradisi ) , is an important ascetical treatise for monasticism in Eastern Christianity written by John Climacus in ca .
The Dragons of Babel is a 2008 novel by American author Michael Swanwick , set in the same world as his earlier work The Iron Dragon 's Daughter ( 1993 ) .
The Spanish Tragedy , or Hieronimo is Mad Again is an Elizabethan tragedy written by Thomas Kyd between 1582 and 1592 .
Tales of the Jazz Age ( 1922 ) is a collection of eleven short stories by F. Scott Fitzgerald .
Our Twisted Hero is a South Korean novel written by Yi Munyol .
So B. It is a children 's novel by Sarah Weeks , released in 2004 .
Shakes versus Shav ( 1949 ) is a puppet play written by George Bernard Shaw .
Fire , Burn ! is a historical mystery novel by John Dickson Carr .
Ca n't Buy Me Like is a 2013 book by Bob Garfield and Doug Levy .
Time and Stars ( ( ISBN unspecified ) for original hardcover version ) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Poul Anderson , published in 1964 .
Specter of the Past is the first of the two Hand of Thrawn novels by Timothy Zahn .
Cogan 's Trade is a 1974 crime novel by George V. Higgins .
Some Notes on H. P. Lovecraft is a collection of biographical notes about H. P. Lovecraft by writer August Derleth .
I 'll Go to Bed at Noon ( 2004 ) , is a book by author Gerard Woodward .
The Two Worlds of William March is a 1984 biography of William March , written by the British scholar , critic and author Roy S. Simmonds .
Blanche on the Lam is a mystery novel by author Barbara Neely .
Miscellaneous Babylonian Inscriptions is a 1918 , Sumerian linguistics and mythology book written by George Aaron Barton .
Épître à l'Auteur du Livre des Trois Imposteurs ( English title : Letter to the author of The Three Impostors ) is an epistle in verse form written by Voltaire and published in 1770 ( see 1770 in poetry ) .
The Wapshot Chronicle is the debut novel by John Cheever about an eccentric family that lives in a Massachusetts fishing village .
The History of the Psychoanalytic Movement ( German : Zur Geschichte der psychoanalytischen Bewegung ) is a work published by Sigmund Freud in 1914 .
Le Sommeil du monstre written and drawn by Enki Bilal , is a Franco - Belgian comic book in the sci - fi genre , and the first of a series of four volumes in French titled Tétralogie du Monstre .
A Charge to Keep is a 1999 book written by then - Governor of Texas George W. Bush , with a foreword by Karen Hughes .
Death with Interruptions , published in Britain as Death at Intervals , ( Portuguese : As Intermitências da Morte ) is a novel written by José Saramago .
Golestan - e Honar ( Persian : گلستان هنر‎‎ ; also Romanized as Golestān - e Honar ) is a book written by Ahmad Monshi Ghomi .
The Ingoldsby Legends is a collection of myths , legends , ghost stories and poetry written supposedly by Thomas Ingoldsby of Tappington Manor , actually a pen - name of an English clergyman named Richard Harris Barham .
Star Science Fiction Stories No.1 is the first book in the anthology series , Star Science Fiction Stories , edited by Frederik Pohl .
Final Curtain is a 1947 novel by Ngaio Marsh , which was adapted for television in 1993 as part of the Inspector Alleyn Mysteries .
The Dragon Queen ( ISBN 0 - 553 - 81512 - 1 ) is a 2001 fantasy novel by Alice Borchardt based on the legend of King Arthur .
There 's a Girl in My Hammerlock is a 1991 young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli .
Will Grayson , Will Grayson is a novel by John Green and David Levithan , published in April 2010 by Dutton Juvenile .
Rumour at Nightfall is the third novel by Graham Greene , published in 1931 .
The Dreaming Jewels , also known as The Synthetic Man , is the first novel of science fiction author Theodore Sturgeon .
Llana of Gathol is a collection of four Edgar Rice Burroughs stories that were originally published in Amazing Stories in 1941 ( details see below ) .
Island of the Sequined Love Nun ( ISBN 0 - 06 - 073544 - 9 ) is the fourth novel by absurdist author Christopher Moore , published in 1997 .
Rohtaed ( English : The Herb Garden ) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi .
Off Center is a collection of five science fiction short stories by Damon Knight .
' Coral Gardens ' is the title of the 1978 English - language translation of German film director Leni Riefenstahl 's ' Korallengärten ' , an illustrations book published in the same year in Germany .
Songs of a Sourdough is a book of poetry published in 1907 by Robert W. Service .
The Steel Tsar is a sci - fi / alternate history novel by Michael Moorcock , first published in 1981 by Granada .
More Than Friendship is a contemporary romance novel by Mary Howard , published in 1960 by Collins .
The Puma Blues was a comic book written by Stephen Murphy and drawn by Michael Zulli .
Under the Hill is an unfinished erotic novel by Aubrey Beardsley , based on the legend of Tannhäuser .
Skinner 's Ordeal is a 1995 novel by Quintin Jardine .
The Dream Cycle is a series of short stories and novellas by author H. P. Lovecraft ( 1890 - -1937 ) .
The Moon Goddess and the Son is a science fiction novel by American writer Donald Kingsbury , expanded from a novella originally published in the December 1979 issue of Analog magazine .
`` Facts Concerning the Late Arthur Jermyn and His Family '' is a short story in the horror fiction genre written by H. P. Lovecraft 1920 .
ABC of Emergency Radiology is a book edited by British radiologist Otto Chan .
The Sound of Things Falling ( Spanish : El ruido de las cosas al caer ) is the third novel of Colombian author Juan Gabriel Vásquez .
Searching for David 's Heart is a young - adult novel by Cherie Bennett .
Max the Mighty a Children 's literature novel by Rodman Philbrick .
The Mystery of the Hidden House is the sixth in the Five Find - Outers children 's novels by Enid Blyton .
The Tallons is the second novel in Alabama author William March 's `` Pearl County '' collection of novels and short fiction .
From Bauhaus to Our House is a 1981 narrative of Modern architecture , written by Tom Wolfe .
I Lost It at the Movies ( 1965 ) is Pauline Kael 's first collection of reviews , covering the years 1954 - -1965 , which was published prior to her long stint at The New Yorker .
The Snake 's Skin ( Das Schlangenhemd ) ( also referred as The Snake 's Slough ) is a novel by prominent Georgian writer Grigol Robakidze .
The Old Red Hippopotamus is the second novel by Hussein Bassir , following In Search For Khnum , and was published in 2005 by the Egyptian General Organization of the Book of Cairo .
The term Amish anomaly was coined by Dan Olmsted , who asserted that he could only find three Amish autistics after searching in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania and that two of them were vaccinated .
Men at War is a series of World War II novels created by W. E. B. Griffin in 1984 .
Masterman Ready , or the Wreck of the Pacific is a robinsonade children 's novel published in 1841 by Frederick Marryat .
Vintage PKD is a collection of science fiction stories , novel excerpts and non - fiction by Philip K. Dick .
Insatiability ( Polish : Nienasycenie ) is a novel by the Polish writer , dramatist , philosopher , painter and photographer , Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz ( Witkacy ) .
The Little Foxes is a 1939 play by Lillian Hellman , considered a classic of 20th century drama .
Ich werde hier sein i m Sonnenschein und i m Schatten is a novel by Swiss writer Christian Kracht .
The Penguin Encyclopedia of Horror and the Supernatural is a reference work on horror fiction in the arts , edited by Jack Sullivan .
Uno 's Garden is a picture book written and illustrated by Australian children 's author Graeme Base .
Irish Ghost , English Accent is a 2010 eNovel by Irish filmmaker Graham Jones .
Blade of Tyshalle is a science - fiction novel by Matthew Stover and sequel to Heroes Die set seven years after the events of its predecessor .
The Native Born is an Australian play written by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan under the name of Albert Edmunds .
The Tale of the Golden Cockerel ( Russian : Сказка о золотом петушке , Skazka o zolotom petushke ) is the last fairy tale in verse by Alexander Pushkin .
Verdict of Twelve is a novel by Raymond Postgate first published in 1940 about a trial by jury seen through the eyes of each of the twelve jurors as they listen to the evidence and try to reach a unanimous verdict of either `` Guilty '' or `` Not guilty '' .
The History of Little Henry and his Bearer ( 1814 ) was a popular children 's book written by Mary Martha Sherwood .
`` The Princess and the Pea '' ( Danish : `` Prinsessen paa Ærten '' ; literal translation : ' The Princess on the Pea ' ) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a young woman whose royal identity is established by a test of her physical sensitivity .
The Breasts of Tiresias ( French : Les mamelles de Tirésias ) is a surrealist play by Guillaume Apollinaire .
Three Men on the Bummel ( also known as Three Men on Wheels ) is a humorous novel by Jerome K. Jerome .
High Deryni is a historical fantasy novel by American - born author Katherine Kurtz .
Good Blonde & Others is a collection of works by Jack Kerouac .
Institutionum calculi integralis is a three - volume textbook written by Leonhard Euler and published in 1768 .
Marvel Comics announced Uncanny Avengers by the creative team of Rick Remender and John Cassaday in August 2012 .
The Murder of Mary Russell is a forthcoming 2016 mystery novel by American author Laurie R. King .
Industrial Gothic is a five - issue comic book limited series written and illustrated by Ted McKeever .
A veinte años , Luz ( Twenty Years Later , Luz ) is the first novel by Argentinian author Elsa Osorio , first published in 1998 .
How Children Fail is a non - fiction book by John Holt that was published in 1964 and republished in 1982 in a revised edition .
Talking to Strange Men is a 1987 novel by British writer Ruth Rendell .
The Neverending Story ( German : Die unendliche Geschichte ) is a German fantasy novel by Michael Ende that was first published in 1979 .
Psycho House ( sometimes referred to as Psycho House : Psycho III ) is a 1990 novel that Robert Bloch wrote as a sequel to his 1959 novel Psycho and 1982 novel Psycho II . The novel is not related to the 1986 film Psycho III or the 1990 film Psycho IV :
Pamela ; or , Virtue Rewarded is an epistolary novel by Samuel Richardson , first published in 1740 .
Mutants of the Yucatan was written by Erick Wujcik with a cover by Kevin Fales and illustrations by James Dombrowski , and was published by Palladium Books in 1990 as a 48-page book .
Debatable Space is a 2008 science fiction novel by novelist and screenwriter Philip Palmer .
Dust Tracks on a Road is the 1942 autobiography of black American writer and anthropologist Zora Neale Hurston .
Crusade in Europe is a book of wartime memoirs by General Dwight D. Eisenhower published by Doubleday in 1948 .
Rokkin is a comic book fantasy mini series created by Andy Hartnell and Nick Bradshaw and published by Wildstorm .
Riotous Assembly is the debut novel of British comic writer Tom Sharpe , written and originally published in 1971 .
Chain of Evidence is a 2007 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Garry Disher .
The King 's Daughter ( French : Jeanne , fille du Roy ) is a historical novel for young adult readers by Suzanne Martel , first published in 1974 .
To Crush the Moon is a 2005 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy , the last in the four - part Queendom of Sol series .
`` The Year of the Jackpot '' is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein , first published 1952 , and collected in one of Heinlein 's anthologies , The Menace from Earth .
`` A Painful Case '' is a short story by Irish author James Joyce , published in his 1914 collection Dubliners .
The Silver Crown is a children 's science - fiction book by Robert C. O'Brien .
Epistulae ad Atticum ( Letters to Atticus ) is a collection of letters from Roman politician and orator Marcus Tullius Cicero to his close friend Titus Pomponius Atticus .
The Two Faces of January ( 1964 ) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith .
The Pleasure of My Company is a novel by Steve Martin , first published in 2003 , which tells the story of the life of an obsessive compulsive and introverted young man named Daniel Cambridge .
Italian Fever is 1999 novel by Valerie Martin .
The Happy Journey to Trenton and Camden is a one act play by American novelist and playwright Thornton Wilder written in 1931 .
Le Chasseur Zéro ( lit . `` The Zero Fighter '' ) is a novel by the French writer , Pascale Roze .
At Night We Walk in Circles is a 2013 novel written by Daniel Alarcón .
The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy ( German : Die Kultur der Renaissance in Italien ) is an 1860 work on the Italian Renaissance by Swiss historian Jacob Burckhardt .
Green Paper on Constitutional Development is a consultation document released by the Government of Hong Kong Special Administration Region ( HKSAR ) on 11 July 2007 .
Cryptonomicon is a 1999 novel by American author Neal Stephenson , set in two different time periods .
Practice in Christianity ( also Training in Christianity ) is a work by 19th century theologian Søren Kierkegaard .
Reconciliatio et paenitentia ( Latin for Reconciliation and Penance ) is an apostolic exhortation by Pope John Paul II , delivered on December 2 , 1984 in Saint Peter 's Basilica in Rome .
Spell of the Witch World is a collection of short fiction by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton , forming part of her Witch World series .
The Science of Discworld is a 1999 book by novelist Terry Pratchett and popular science writers Ian Stewart and Jack Cohen .
Angel Pavement is a novel by J. B. Priestley , published in 1930 after the enormous success of The Good Companions .
The Cyropaedia , sometimes spelled Cyropedia , is a partly fictional biography of Cyrus the Great , written around 370 BC by the Athenian gentleman - soldier , and student of Socrates , Xenophon of Athens .
The Haunted Stars is a science - fiction novel written by Edmond Hamilton .
Portnoy 's Complaint ( 1969 ) is the American novel that turned its author Philip Roth into a major celebrity , sparking a storm of controversy over its explicit and candid treatment of sexuality , including detailed depictions of masturbation using various props including a piece of liver .
Introduction to the Study of the Hindu doctrines was René Guénon 's first major book .
The Dust Diaries is an award - winning book by Owen Sheers , published in 2004 .
Deception Point is a 2001 techno - thriller novel by Dan Brown .
Mason & Dixon is a postmodernist novel by U.S. author Thomas Pynchon published in 1997 .
A Praed Street Dossier is a collection of detective fiction short stories , essays and marginalia by author August Derleth .
Around the World with Auntie Mame ( 1958 ) is a novel by Patrick Dennis and sequel to his bestseller Auntie Mame .
The Pilgrimage ( Portuguese : O Diário de Um Mago , `` Diary of a Mage '' ) is a 1987 novel by Brazilian novelist Paulo Coelho .
The Melting of Maggie Bean is a children 's novel by Tricia Rayburn , published in 2007 .
Railsea is a young - adult novel written and illustrated by English writer China Miéville , and published in May 2012 .
Spice and the Devil 's Cave is a book by Agnes Hewes that was published in 1930 .
The Education of a Christian Prince is a Renaissance `` how - to '' book for princes , by Desiderius Erasmus , which advises the reader on how to be a `` good Christian '' prince .
Nip the Buds , Shoot the Kids ( also known as `` Pluck the Bud and Destroy the Offspring '' ) is a 1958 novel by Japanese author Kenzaburō Ōe .
Corduroy Mansions is the first online novel by Alexander McCall Smith , author of the The No . 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency series .
Your and My Secret , known in Japan as lit . `` My and Her Three X 's '' ( Japanese : 僕と彼女の××× Hepburn : Boku to Kanojo no Peke Mittsu ) , is a manga series by Ai Morinaga .
The Silent Stars Go By is a 1991 science fiction book by author James White .
Underwoods is a collection of poems by Robert Louis Stevenson published in 1887 .
Premiere Livre de Pièces de Clavecin is a book of harpsichord music written by Bernard de Bury at the French royal court of Versailles , published in 1736 .
The Philosophical Corps is science fiction novel by author Everett B. Cole .
Pillar of Fire and Other Plays ( 1975 ) is a collection of three plays by Ray Bradbury :
A Field Guide to Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds is a guide to the identification of the nests and eggs of Australian birds , authored by Gordon Beruldsen .
The Purple Prince of Oz ( 1932 ) is the 26th in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors , and the 12th written by Ruth Plumly Thompson .
The Way of the World is a play written by the English playwright William Congreve .
Martyrs Mirror or The Bloody Theater , first published in Holland in 1660 in Dutch by Thieleman J. van Braght , documents the stories and testimonies of Christian martyrs , especially Anabaptists .
Programming Collective Intelligence is a book by Toby Segaran and published by O'Reilly Media in August , 2007 .
Sorekara ( それから , Japanese for `` And Then '' ) is a novel written by Natsume Sōseki in 1909 .
The Scarlet Gospels is a novel by horror / fantasy writer Clive Barker , which acts as a sequel to / reboot of his previous novella The Hellbound Heart and a sequel to his canon of Harry D'Amour stories .
The title of Stevan Javellana 's only novel in English Without Seeing the Dawn was derived from one of José Rizal 's character in the Spanish - language novel Noli Me Tangere or Touch Me Not .
My Secret History is a novel by Paul Theroux published in June 1989 by Putnam Adult in the US and Hamish Hamilton in the UK .
L'art de toucher le clavecin ( English : The Art of Playing the Harpsichord ) is a didactic treatise by the French composer François Couperin .
Vi kallar honom Anna ( We call him Anna ) is a 1987 Swedish novel by Peter Pohl .
The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana ( original Italian title : La Misteriosa Fiamma della Regina Loana ) is a novel by Italian writer Umberto Eco .
`` Advice to Little Girls '' is a humorous short story written by Mark Twain in 1865 and published in 1867 .
The Cheese and the Worms ( Italian : Il formaggio e i vermi ) is a scholarly work by the Italian historian Carlo Ginzburg .
Ghost Force is a 2006 novel in a series of works by British author Patrick Robinson .
Doomed Queen Anne is a young - adult historical novel about Anne Boleyn by Carolyn Meyer .
Todos los fuegos el fuego ( `` All Fires The Fire '' ) is a book of eight short stories written by Julio Cortázar .
The Book of Air and Shadows is a thriller novel by Michael Gruber published in 2007 .
Ella sigue de viaje ( She travels on ) is the second book published by Mexican writer Luis Felipe Lomelí , published in 2005 .
Tales from Gavagan 's Bar is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt , illustrated by the latter 's wife Inga Pratt .
Lady of Quality is the last Regency romance novel written by Georgette Heyer .
The Carpetbaggers is a 1961 bestselling novel by Harold Robbins , which was adapted into a 1964 film of the same title .
Future on Ice ( 1998 ) is a science fiction anthology edited by Orson Scott Card , belated companion to Future on Fire ( 1991 ) .
Days and Nights in Calcutta is a work of memoir by husband - and - wife authors Clark Blaise and Bharati Mukherjee first published by Doubleday in 1977 .
`` Theme of the Traitor and the Hero '' ( original Spanish title : `` Tema del traidor y del héroe '' ) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges originally published in 1944 in number 112 of the review Sur .
Himalayan Blunder was an extremely controversial war memoir penned by Brigadier John Dalvi .
What a Piece of Work is a 1999 verse novel by Australian poet Dorothy Porter which was shortlisted for the 2000 Miles Franklin Award .
Rough for Theatre II ( also known simply as Theatre II ) is a short play by Samuel Beckett .
Sexual Perversity in Chicago is a play written by David Mamet that examines the sex lives of two men and two women in the 1970s .
The Brethren ( in Czech language Bratrstvo ) is a Czech novel trilogy , written by Alois Jirásek .
The Search for the Snow Leopard is a Hardy Boys Digest novel , written by Franklin W. Dixon .
`` The End of Something '' is a short story written by Ernest Hemingway , published in 1925 in his collection of short stories In Our Time .
The Lesson ( French : La Leçon ) is a one - act play by French - Romanian playwright Eugène Ionesco .
Vegan Virgin Valentine ( 2004 ) is a young adult novel by Carolyn Mackler .
Mount Dragon is a 1996 techno - thriller novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child .
Cuneus Prophetarum ( Albanian : Çeta e profetëve , English : The Band of the Prophets ) is a philosophical , theological and scientific treatise written by Pjetër Bogdani , an Albanian philosopher , originally published in Padua in 1685 in the Albanian and Latin language .
The Teenage Workbook , or , The passing of an April shower is a humour fiction novel by Adrian Tan , first published by Hotspot Books in 1989 .
When I Was a Work of Art ( Lorsque j'étais une oeuvre d'art ) is a novel by Éric - Emmanuel Schmitt , a Belgian dramatist and writer .
`` Land Beneath the Ground ! '' is a Scrooge McDuck comic strip story that appeared in 1956 in the comic book Uncle Scrooge , written by Carl Barks .
The Longest Memory is a short novel ( 137 pages long ) by British writer Fred D'Aguiar that was published in 1994 .
Christi Matri is an encyclical by Pope Paul VI issued on 15 September 1966 during the Vietnam War .
Murder in the Submarine Zone ( also published as Nine -- And Death Makes Ten and Murder in the Atlantic ) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr ( 1906 - -1977 ) , who published it under the name of Carter Dickson .
John Irving 's third and perhaps darkest novel , The 158-Pound Marriage examines the sexual revolution - era trend of `` swinging '' ( partner - swapping ) via a glimpse into the lives of two couples in a small New England college town who enter casually into such an affair , with disastrous consequences .
Happy Now ? is an award winning a play by Lucinda Coxon , first staged at the National Theatre , London in 2008 .
Is Shakespeare Dead ? is a short , semi - autobiographical work by American humorist Mark Twain .
The Cost of Discipleship is a book by the German Theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer , considered a classic of Christian thought .
`` A Piece of Steak '' was a short story written by Jack London which first appeared in the Saturday Evening Post in November of 1909 .
A Coney Island of the Mind is a collection of poetry by Lawrence Ferlinghetti originally published in 1958 .
On Snow ( German : Vom Schnee ) is a 2003 long poem by the German writer Durs Grünbein .
Tarzan 's Tonsillitis ( original title : La Amigdalitis Tarzán , 1999 ) is an epistolary novel from the Peruvian writer Alfredo Bryce .
Room on the Broom is a British children 's book by writer and playwright Julia Donaldson , illustrated by Axel Scheffler , which tells the story of a kind witch and her cat who invite a number of other animals to join them whilst travelling on her broomstick .
Madeline 's Rescue is a book by Ludwig Bemelmans , the second in the Madeline series .
Lily Alone is a novel by Jacqueline Wilson , illustrated by Nick Sharratt .
God 's Bits of Wood is a 1960 novel by the Senegalese author Ousmane Sembène that concerns a railroad strike in colonial Senegal of the 1940s .
The World 's Most Dangerous Places is handbook of survival tactics for high - risk regions first published in 1994 , written by National Geographic Adventure columnist Robert Young Pelton and his contributors .
Presidential Agent is the fifth novel in Upton Sinclair 's Lanny Budd series .
The Dream Merchants is an American novel written by Harold Robbins and published in 1949 .
The Chronology of Ancient Kingdoms Amended is an approximately 87,000-word composition written by Sir Isaac Newton , first published posthumously in 1728 in limited supply , but since republished in mass paperback format .
To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation ( German : An den christlichen Adel deutscher Nation ) is the first of three tracts written by Martin Luther in 1520 .
My Name Is Red ( Turkish : Benim Adım Kırmızı ) is a 1998 Turkish novel by writer Orhan Pamuk translated into English by Erdağ Göknar in 2001 .
The Great Cat Massacre is the title of a scholarly work by American historian Robert Darnton , describing and interpreting an unusual source detailing the murder or `` massacre '' of cats during the late 1730s by apprentice printers living and working on Rue Saint - Séverin in Paris , France .
My Teenage Dream Ended is the debut book and album by Farrah Abraham .
The Elected Member is a Booker Prize - winning novel by Welsh writer Bernice Rubens .
Count Zero is a science fiction novel written by William Gibson , originally published 1986 .
The Man on the Moor is a novel by John Van der Kiste , published in 2004 and set in 1913 immediately before the Great War .
`` The Flying Trunk '' ( Den flyvende Kuffert ) is a fairy tale by the Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen about a young man who has a flying trunk that carries him to Turkey where he visits the Sultan 's daughter .
The Brian Michael Bendis Collection Volume 1 TPB - collects # 1 - 9 ( Image Comics , 2006 , 224 pages , ISBN 1 - 58240 - 583 - 2 ) Sam and Twitch :
The Palace of Laughter , The Wednesday Tales # 1 , is a novel by Jon Berkeley , published in 2006 .
The Visit of the Royal Physician ( Swedish : Livläkarens besök ) is a 1999 novel by the Swedish writer Per Olov Enquist .
Dell'Arcano del Mare by Sir Robert Dudley is a 17th - century maritime encyclopaedia , the sixth part of which comprises a maritime atlas of the entire world , which is the first such in print , the first made by an Englishman , and the first to use the Mercator projection .
Men , Martians and Machines is a collection of science - fiction short stories by the British writer Eric Frank Russell .
Coming Through Slaughter is a novel by Michael Ondaatje , published by House of Anansi in 1976 .
The Moon Realm series is an award - winning middle - grade fantasy series by American author Richard Due , with illustrations by Carolyn Arcabascio .
The Captive Mind ( Polish : Zniewolony umysł ) is a 1953 work of nonfiction by Polish writer , academic and Nobel laureate , Czesław Miłosz , published in the English translation originally by Secker and Warburg .
Boyarshchina ( Russian : Боя́рщина ) is the early novel by Aleksey Pisemsky .
Study in Consciousness is a book by Annie Besant that was written in ca .
Touching the Void is a 1988 book by Joe Simpson , recounting his and Simon Yates ' successful but disastrous and nearly fatal climb of the 6,344-metre ( 20,813 foot ) Siula Grande in the Peruvian Andes in 1985 .
Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen is a 1965 science fiction novel by H. Beam Piper and is part of his Kalvan series of stories , which is part of his larger Paratime series .
The Tale of the Body Thief is the fourth novel in Anne Rice 's The Vampire Chronicles series , following The Queen of the Damned .
The Art of Drowning is a book of poetry by the American Poet Laureate Billy Collins , first published in 1995 .
The Art of the Metaobject Protocol ( AMOP ) is a 1991 book by Gregor Kiczales , Jim des Rivieres , and Daniel G. Bobrow on metaobject protocol .
With God in Russia is a memoir by Walter Ciszek ( 1904 - -1984 ) , a Polish - American Jesuit priest known for his clandestine missionary work in the Soviet Union between 1941 and 1963 .
All in a Lifetime by Frank Buck , with Ferrin Fraser , is Buck 's autobiography .
The People , Yes is a book - length poem written by Carl Sandburg and published in 1936 .
The Final Days is a 1976 non - fiction book written by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein .
Priestess of Avalon is a 2001 novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and completed posthumously by Diana L. Paxson .
The Man Who Knew Coolidge is a 1928 satirical novel by Sinclair Lewis .
Donkeyskin ( French : Peau d'Âne ) is a French literary fairytale written in verse by Charles Perrault .
C'est pas moi , je le jure ! is a Quebec 1997 French language novel by Bruno Hébert about the troubled life of a youngster Léon Doré disenchanted with his disintegrating family .
The Wretched Stone is a children 's picture book written and illustrated by the American author Chris Van Allsburg .
The Gospel According to Judas is a 2007 novella by Jeffrey Archer and Frank Moloney which presents the events of the New Testament through the eyes of Judas Iscariot .
Bahama Crisis is a first person narrative thriller novel by English author Desmond Bagley , first published in 1982 .
Scott - King 's Modern Europe , published in 1947 , is a long short story or novella by Evelyn Waugh , sometimes called A Sojourn in Neutralia .
A Writer 's Diary ( Russian : Дневник писателя ; Dnevnik pisatelya ) is a collection of non - fiction and fictional writings by Fyodor Dostoyevsky .
Good Night , Alfie Atkins ( Swedish : God natt , Alfons Åberg ) is a 1972 children 's book by Gunilla Bergström .
Outside Providence ( 1988 ) is an English language novel by American writer , producer , and director Peter Farrelly .
On Directing Film is a non - fiction book by American playwright and filmmaker David Mamet ( ISBN 0 - 670 - 83033-X ) published in 1991 .
The Sorrow of War ( Vietnamese : Nỗi buồn chiến tranh ) is a 1990 novel by the Vietnamese writer Bao Ninh .
Weymouth Sands ( 1934 ) ( published as Jobber Skald in Britain ) was the third of John Cowper Powys 's so - called Wessex novels , which include Wolf Solent ( 1929 ) , A Glastonbury Romance ( 1932 ) , and Maiden Castle ( 1936 ) .
The Far Hills was the first of English - born author Brian Cleeve 's novels to be published .
Time to Smell the Roses is a children 's fantasy mystery novel by Michael Hoeye , first published in 2007 .
`` Strawberry Spring '' is a horror short story by Stephen King .
DL4 Dragons of Desolation was written by Tracy Hickman and Michael Dobson with Harold Johnson and Bruce Nesmith , with a cover painted by Keith Parkinson and interior illustrations by Larry Elmore and Jeff Butler , and was published by TSR in 1984 as a thirty - two page booklet with an outer folder and a large map .
Publius Aurelius Statius is the main character of a series of novels by Italian author Danila Comastri Montanari .
De Avonturen van Pa Pinkelman ( The Adventures of Pa Pinkelman ) was a Dutch text comic , written by Dutch novelist Godfried Bomans and illustrated by Carol Voges .
Of Moths and Men is a controversial book by the journalist Judith Hooper about the Oxford University ecological genetics school led by E.B. Ford .
Science - Fantasy Quintette is a collection of science fiction short stories by authors L. Ron Hubbard and Ed Earl Repp and edited by William L. Crawford .
The Last Day of a Condemned Man ( French : Le Dernier Jour d'un Condamné ) is a short novel by Victor Hugo first published in 1829 .
Return to the Lost Planet is a 1954 juvenile science fiction novel by Angus MacVicar , published by Burke , London .
The Princess and the Unicorn is a children 's fantasy novel by British - born American author Carol Hughes , who also wrote Jack Black and the Ship of Thieves .
A novel by David Weber , The Apocalypse Troll is a story about time travel and alien invasion .
The Cha Pu ( Chinese : 茶谱 ; pinyin : Chápǔ ; literally : `` Tea Manual '' ) is a short work written in 1440 by Zhu Quan , the Prince of Ning , the 17th son of the Hongwu Emperor of the Ming dynasty , and relates the methods of tea preparation and degustation .
`` The Loaded Dog '' is a humorous short story by the Australian writer Henry Lawson .
Buried Child is a play by Sam Shepard first presented in 1978 .
The Quantum Thief is the debut science fiction novel by Hannu Rajaniemi and the first novel in a trilogy featuring Jean le Flambeur .
The Enchanted Apples of Oz is the first of the modern graphic novels based on American author L. Frank Baum 's Land of Oz world , written by Eric Shanower .
The Boy at War trilogy is a series of young adult historical novels by Harry Mazer .
Friedrich Lier ( 22 May 1910 -- 20 August 1974 ) was a German officer during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Nelson Mariano II ( born June 28 , 1974 ) is the Philippines ' fifth chess Grandmaster and the last Asian Junior Chess Champion from the Philippines since 1994 .
The Prince Who Was a Thief is a 1951 swashbuckler film starring Tony Curtis .
Rajavazhcha is a 1990 Malayalam film by Sasikumar starring Suresh Gopi , Saikumar , Thilakan , Ranjini and Chithra .
After discussing the situation with Commander Chakotay ( Robert Beltran ) , Kes , and Tuvix himself , Janeway ultimately decides to proceed with the separation , acting in absentia to protect the rights of the two original men .
The Major and the Minor is a 1942 American comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and Ray Milland .
Robin 's Big Date is a Batman parody short starring Justin Long as Robin and Sam Rockwell as Batman .
Liar 's Club was first seen during the 1969 - -70 season with Rod Serling as host , and returned for a three - season run from 1976 - -79 , after airing as a local series on Los Angeles ' KTLA during the 1974 - -75 season .
Comic Book Villains is a 2002 American black comedy film written and directed by James Robinson and starring DJ Qualls , Donal Logue , Michael Rapaport , Natasha Lyonne and Eileen Brennan .
Just You and Me , Kid is a 1979 comedy film starring George Burns , Brooke Shields , Lorraine Gary , Ray Bolger , Leon Ames , Carl Ballantine , Keye Luke and Burl Ives .
What 's Eating Gilbert Grape is a 1993 American drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Johnny Depp , Juliette Lewis , Darlene Cates , and Leonardo DiCaprio .
Bikini Beach is a 1964 American teen film directed by William Asher and starring Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello .
I Married a Centerfold is a 1984 television film starring Teri Copley and Tim Daly .
Later in the episode , Kevin Dobson 's character Crocker asks about the lollipop and Kojak replies , `` I 'm looking to close the generation gap . ''
Keeping Company is a 1940 drama film starring Frank Morgan as a real estate broker with three daughters who all have their own problems .
Berlin , Appointment for the Spies ( Italian : Berlino - Appuntamento per le spie ) is a 1965 Italian Eurospy film directed by Vittorio Sala and starring Dana Andrews .
The Return of Jezebel James is an American situation comedy television series , starring Parker Posey as a successful children 's book editor who , unable to have children herself , asks her estranged younger sister ( Lauren Ambrose ) to carry her baby .
You Have to be Beautiful ( German : Schön muß man sein ) is a 1951 German musical comedy film directed by Ákos Ráthonyi and starring Sonja Ziemann , Willy Fritsch and Anny Ondra .
Son of d'Artagnan ( Italian : Il figlio di d'Artagnan ) is a 1950 Italian historical adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Carlo Ninchi , Gianna Maria Canale and Franca Marzi .
It Happened in Paris is a 1935 British romantic comedy film directed by Carol Reed and Robert Wyler and starring John Loder , Nancy Burne , and Esme Percy .
Ramgarh Ke Sholay is a 1991 Hindi - language Indian spoof feature film directed by Ajit Diwani , starring Vijay Saxena , Kishore Bhanushali and Amjad Khan in lead roles .
Bachelor Apartment is a 1931 American Pre - Code RKO comedy / romance film directed by and starring Lowell Sherman as a womanizing playboy who falls in love with Irene Dunne 's honest working girl .
Dear Brigitte is a 1965 American DeLuxe Color family -- comedy in CinemaScope starring James Stewart and directed by Henry Koster .
Law with Two Phases ( traditional Chinese : 公僕 ; simplified Chinese : 公仆 ; pinyin : Gong pu ; Cantonese Yale : Gung buk ) , also known as Law with Two Faces is a 1984 Hong Kong film written and directed by the film 's lead star Danny Lee in his second directorial outing .
L'inafferrabile 12 is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Walter Chiari .
In addition to being Wes Anderson 's directorial debut , Bottle Rocket was the debut feature for brothers Owen and Luke Wilson , who co - starred with James Caan and Robert Musgrave .
Thenum Vayambum ( Malayalam : തേനും വയമ്പും ) is a 1981 Malayalam film directed by Ashok Kumar , strarring Nedumudi Venu , Prem Nazir and Sumalatha in leading roles along with Mohanlal and Rani Padmini .
When Love Forgives is a 1913 short drama film featuring Harry Carey .
Navvuthu Bathakalira is a 2001 Telugu drama film , starring J. D. Chakravarthy and Malavika .
The Bone Snatcher is a British - Canadian horror film based on a screenplay from Malcolm Kohll and Gordon Render , the film was directed by South African filmmaker Jason Wolfsohn and stars Scott Bairstow , Rachel Shelley and Adrienne Pierce .
Folly to Be Wise is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Frank Launder and starring Alastair Sim , Elizabeth Allan , Roland Culver , Colin Gordon , Martita Hunt and Edward Chapman .
His Only Father is a 1919 American short comedy film directed by Hal Roach and Frank Terry , and starring Harold Lloyd .
The Swedish Kings ( Bulgarian : Шведските крале / Shvedskite krale ) is a Bulgarian comedy film released in 1968 , directed by Lyudmil Kirkov , starring Kiril Gospodinov , Tsvetana Maneva , Asen Georgiev , Evstati Stratev and Konstantin Kotsev .
Gas House Kids in Hollywood is a 1947 American comedy crime film directed by Edward L. Cahn and starring Carl Switzer , Benny Bartlett and Rudy Wissler .
A Wicked Ghost is a 1999 Hong Kong horror film directed by Leung Hung - wah , starring Francis Ng , Gigi Lai , Gabriel Harrison , Edward Mok , Nelson Ngai and Celia Sze .
Escape to the Sun is a 1972 drama film written and directed by Menahem Golan and starring Laurence Harvey , Josephine Chaplin , John Ireland , Lila Kedrova and Jack Hawkins .
Dangerously Excited ( Hangul : 나는 공무원이다 ; RR : Naneun Kongmuwonida ; lit . `` I 'm a Civil Servant '' ) is a 2012 South Korean comedy - drama film starring Yoon Je - moon as a stuffy municipal bureaucrat who learns to embrace life when a budding rock band moves into his basement .
The House is Empty ( Spanish : La casa está vacía ) is a 1945 Chilean drama film directed by Carlos Schlieper and starring Chela Bon , Alejandro Flores and Horacio Peterson .
Welcome Home , Roxy Carmichael is a 1990 American comedy - drama film starring Winona Ryder and Jeff Daniels .
Gali Gali Chor Hai is a 2012 Hindi - language comedy film directed by Rumi Jaffrey , featuring Akshaye Khanna , Shriya Saran and Mugdha Godse in the lead roles , while Veena Malik appeared in an Item number titled Chhanno which gave a bounce to the film .
Lovespell is based around a love triangle between King Mark of Cornwall ( Richard Burton ) , Isolt ( Kate Mulgrew ) , and Tristan ( Nicholas Clay ) .
Saturday Night Out is a 1964 British comedy drama film directed by Robert Hartford - Davis and starring Heather Sears , John Bonney , Bernard Lee , Erika Remberg , Francesca Annis , Margaret Nolan and David Lodge .
King of the Turf is a 1939 film drama starring Adolphe Menjou .
Kaala Samrajya is a 1999 Hindi language Indian film directed by Deepak Bahry , and starring Sunil Shetty , Monica Bedi and Amrish Puri .
Thomas Jay Ryan as Henry Fool James Urbaniak as Simon Grim Parker Posey as Fay Grim Liam Aiken as Ned Maria Porter as Mary James Saito as Mr. Deng Kevin Corrigan as Warren Camille Paglia as herself Toy Connor as Teenager at World Of Donuts
Boss of Bullion City is a 1940 Western film starring Johnny Mack Brown .
Jamila and the President ( Indonesian : Jamila dan Sang Presiden ) is a 2009 Indonesian film directed by Ratna Sarumpaet and starring Atiqah Hasiholan and Christine Hakim .
Tactical Force is 2011 Canadian action film written and directed by Adamo Paolo Cultraro , and starring Steve Austin , Michael Jai White , Candace Elaine , Keith Jardine , Michael Shanks , Michael Eklund , Darren Shahlavi , and Lexa Doig .
Avalukendru Oru Manam is a 1971 Indian Tamil language film starring Gemini Ganesan , Bharathi , Muthuraman , Kanchana .
Mussanjemaatu ( Kannada : ಮುಸ್ಸಂಜೆಮಾತು ) is a 2008 Romantic film starring Sudeep and Ramya .
Tough as Iron ( Hangul : 깡철이 ; RR : Ggangcheoli ) is a 2013 South Korean film written and directed by Ahn Gwon - tae , starring Yoo Ah - in in the title role .
Four Faces West is a 1948 Western film starring Joel McCrea , his real - life wife Frances Dee , and Charles Bickford .
The Moon and the Stars is a 2007 romantic drama film starring Jonathan Pryce , Alfred Molina , Catherine McCormack and directed by John Irvin .
Never Trust a Woman ( German : Ich glaub nie mehr an eine Frau ) is a 1930 German musical film directed by Max Reichmann and starring Richard Tauber , Paul Hörbiger and Werner Fuetterer .
The Impassive Footman is a 1932 British , low - budget `` quota quickie '' drama film directed by Basil Dean and starring Owen Nares , Betty Stockfeld , Allan Jeayes and George Curzon .
One Hundred Men and a Girl is a 1937 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Deanna Durbin .
Deadly Heroes is a direct to video 1993 action film starring Michael Paré , Jan - Michael Vincent and Billy Drago .
Timestalkers is a 1987 made for TV adventure science fiction film directed by Michael Schultz and starring William Devane .
Jungle Woman is a 1944 horror film released by Universal Pictures and starring Acquanetta , Evelyn Ankers , J. Carrol Naish , Samuel S. Hinds , Lois Collier , Milburn Stone , and Douglass Dumbrille .
It Happened at the Inn ( French : Goupi mains rouges ) is a 1943 French mystery film directed by Jacques Becker , starring Fernand Ledoux , Robert Le Vigan , Georges Rollin and Blanchette Brunoy .
The King of the Bla Bla Bla ( original title `` Le Roi du bla bla bla '' ) is a French comedy crime film from 1951 , directed by Maurice Labro , written by Claude Boissol , starring Paul Azaïs and Louis de Funès as gangsters Bébert and Gino .
The Bride and the Lover is a 2013 Filipino romantic film directed by Joel Lamangan , starring Lovi Poe , Jennylyn Mercado and Paulo Avelino .
Apache Rifles is a 1964 Western film in which Audie Murphy plays cavalry officer Jeff Station , charged with bringing in renegade Apaches in the Arizona Territory .
Isobel Elsom as Ruth Haidee Wright as Aunt Rachel James Lindsay as Ferdinand de Blacquaire Lionelle Howard as Reuben Tom Reynolds as Eld Dalton Somers as Fuller Leonard Pagden as Ezra Gold Herbert Willis as Earl Dan Godfrey as Isiah
Julian Eltinge - Jack Mitchell/``Madame Behave '' Ann Pennington - Gwen Townley Lionel Belmore - Seth Corwin David James - Dick Corwin Tom Wilson - Creosote Jack Duffy - M.T. House Stanhope Wheatcroft - Percy Fairweather Evelyn Francisco - Laura Barnes Tiny Sandford - Policeman
Maciste alla corte del Gran Khan also known as Samson and the Seven Miracles of the World and Maciste at the Court of the Great Khan is a 1961 Italian / French international co - production starring Gordon Scott .
The Stalking Moon is a 1968 western film in Technicolor starring Gregory Peck and Eva Marie Saint .
A Killing Affair , is a 1986 drama film starring Peter Weller , Kathy Baker , John Glover , Bill Smitrovich and Danny Nelson .
Alemari ( Kannada : ಅಲೆಮಾರಿ ) is a 2012 released Kannada romantic action drama film starring Yogesh and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles .
Manufactured Landscapes is a 2006 feature - length documentary film about the work of photographer Edward Burtynsky .
Sincerely Charlotte ( French : Signé Charlotte ) is a 1985 French drama film directed by Caroline Huppert and starring Isabelle Huppert .
The Mad Parade is a 1931 Pre - Code American feature film about women canteen workers toiling in a château near the frontlines in France during World War I. It was directed by William Beaudine and starred Evelyn Brent .
For the Emperor ( Hangul : 황제를 위하여 ; RR : Hwangjereul Wihayeo ) is a 2014 South Korean action noir film directed by Park Sang - jun , starring Lee Min - ki and Park Sung - woong .
Pattanapravesham ( Malayalam : പട്ടണപ്രവേശം ) is a 1988 Malayalam screwball comedy film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Sreenivasan .
Women Must Dress is a 1935 American romantic comedy starring Minna Gombell and Gavin Gordon .
El revólver sangriento ( English : The Bloody Revolver ) is a 1964 Mexican western - drama film directed by Miguel M. Delgado , and starring Luis Aguilar , Lola Beltrán , Flor Silvestre , Emilio Fernández , Manuel Capetillo , Antonio Aguilar , and Irma Dorantes , as credited in the film 's theatrical posters .
Piedino il questurino ( Italian for `` Littlefoot the policeman '' ) is a 1974 criminal comedy film directed by Franco Lo Cascio and starring Franco Franchi .
Azhagana Naatkal ( English : Beautiful Days ) is a 2001 comedy Tamil film directed by Sundar C. The film featured Karthik and Rambha in the lead roles and became the third collaboration of the pair with Sundar after the successes of Ullathai Allitha ( 1996 ) and Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga ( 1999 ) .
The Mountain of the Cannibal God ( Italian title : La montagna del dio cannibale ) is an Italian cult movie starring Ursula Andress and Stacy Keach with English dialogue that was filmed in Sri Lanka .
One Day in the Life of Andrei Arsenevich ( French : Une journée d'Andrei Arsenevitch ) is a 1999 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker , about and an homage to the Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky .
Golden Rule Kate is a 1917 American silent western drama film starring Louise Glaum , William Conklin , Jack Richardson , Mildred Harris , and John Gilbert .
Dil Chahta Hai ( English : ' The Heart Desires ) is a 2001 Indian comedy - drama film starring Aamir Khan , Saif Ali Khan , Akshaye Khanna , Preity Zinta , Sonali Kulkarni , and Dimple Kapadia .
Scandal for Sale is a 1932 American drama film directed by Russell Mack and starring Charles Bickford , Rose Hobart and Pat O'Brien .
Sebastian Hiort af Ornäs as Sebbe Eva Melander as Eva , Sebbe 's mother Kenny Wåhlbrink as Kenny Emil Kadeby as Emil Adrian Ringman as Adde Leo Salomon Ringart as Leo Åsa Bodin Karlsson as Kenny 's mother Margret Andersson as The teacher Miran Kamala as Eva 's boss
Dalva is a 1996 American made - for - TV drama film starring Farrah Fawcett and Carroll Baker .
Rainbow Island is a 1917 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd .
Tugboat Annie is a 1933 American Pre - Code film starring Marie Dressler and Wallace Beery as a comically quarrelsome middle - aged couple who operate a tugboat .
The Mean Season is a 1985 American thriller film directed by Phillip Borsos and stars Kurt Russell , Mariel Hemingway , Richard Jordan , Richard Masur , Joe Pantoliano and Andy García .
Feet First is a 1930 American Pre - Code comedy film starring Harold Lloyd , a very popular daredevil comedian during the 1920s and early 1930s .
Savaal is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan , Jaishankar , Y.G. Mahendra and Lakshmi .
Moonlight in Hawaii is a 1941 American musical film comedy starring Jane Frazee .
Spadikam ( English : Prism ) is a 1995 Indian Malayalam action - drama film written and directed by Bhadr an , starring Mohanlal in the lead role of a village rowdy Thomas Chacko aka Aadu Thoma .
Johnny Allegro is a black and white 1949 American film noir , starring George Raft , Nina Foch , Will Geer , and George Macready .
Dr. Alien is a 1989 sci - fi comedy film starring Judy Landers , Billy Jacoby , and Olivia Barash .
The Smugglers of Santa Cruz is a 1916 American silent short drama film directed by Donald MacDonald starring Charlotte Burton , Eugenie Forde , George Periolat , William Russell , and Roy Stewart .
Closing the Ring is a 2007 film directed by Richard Attenborough and starring Shirley MacLaine , Christopher Plummer , Mischa Barton , Stephen Amell , Neve Campbell , Pete Postlethwaite , and Brenda Fricker .
Catherine Deneuve as Tristana Fernando Rey as Don Lope Franco Nero as Horacio Lola Gaos as Saturna Antonio Casas as Don Cosme Jesús Fernández as Saturno Denise Menace as Armanda Vicente Solar as Don Ambrosio José Calvo as Bellringer Fernando Cebrián as Dr. Miquis
The Wine of Summer is a 2013 romantic drama film written , directed and produced by Maria Matteoli , starring Elsa Pataky , Sonia Braga , Ethan Peck , Najwa Nimri , Bob Wells and Marcia Gay Harden .
In Old Caliente is a 1939 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers .
Old Mother Riley in Paris is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Arthur Lucan , Kitty McShane , Magda Kun and C. Denier Warren .
He accepts the job and also becomes a part owner of the Hotel de Paree , owned by two French women , Annette Deveraux , played by Jeanette Nolan , and her niece , Monique , portrayed by Judi Meredith , relatives of the man whom he had earlier killed .
Arizona Bushwhackers is a 1968 Western film starring Howard Keel and Yvonne de Carlo .
Douthyam is a 1989 Malayalam - language Indian action feature film directed by P. Anil and scripted by Gayathri Ashokan , starring Mohanlal , Suresh Gopi , Parvathy Jayaram and Babu Antony .
Edward Brophy as Timothy Q. Mouse , an anthropomorphic mouse who becomes the only friend of Dumbo after his mother is locked up and does his best to make Dumbo happy again .
Aamdani Atthani Kharcha Rupaiyaa ( Hindi : आमदनी अठन्नी खर्चा रुपइया ; translation : `` Salary is half a rupee and expenses are a whole rupee '' ( in other words , your expenses are greater than your wages ) ) is a 2001 Bollywood comedy film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao starring Govinda , Juhi Chawla and Tabu .
No Pity for Women ( French : Pas de pitié pour les femmes ) is a 1950 French mystery film directed by Christian Stengel and starring Simone Renant , Michel Auclair and Marcel Herrand .
Mummy Punjabi ( Hindi : माँ पंजाबी)is the 2011 film written and directed by Pammi Somal starring Kiron Kher , Kanwaljit Singh and Jackie Shroff in lead roles .
Rising Damp starred Leonard Rossiter , Frances de la Tour , Richard Beckinsale and Don Warrington .
New Low is a 2010 independent American romantic comedy film written , directed , produced , and edited by Adam Bowers , who also stars in the film along with Jayme Ratzer , Valerie Jones , and YouTube personality Toby Turner .
Cine Holliúdy is 2012 Brazilian comedy film , directed by Halder Gomes and starring Edmilson Filho , Miriam Freeland and Roberto Bomtempo , based on the award - winning short film Cine Holiúdy --
Any Wednesday is a 1966 Technicolor romance / comedy film starring Jane Fonda , Jason Robards , and Dean Jones .
Buchanan Rides Alone is a 1958 American Western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott , Craig Stevens , and Barry Kelley .
Mickey Spillane 's Mike Hammer , with Darren McGavin in the title role , is the first syndicated television series based on Spillane 's hard - boiled private detective .
The Silent Scream is a 1984 anti - abortion educational film directed by Jack Duane Dabner and narrated by Bernard Nathanson , an obstetrician , NARAL Pro - Choice America founder , and abortion provider turned pro - life activist , and produced in partnership with the National Right to Life Committee .
I Was a Teenage Werewolf is a 1957 horror film starring Michael Landon as a troubled teenager , and Whit Bissell as the primary adult .
Absolute Strangers is a 1991 made - for - television CBS docudrama featuring Happy Days star Henry Winkler returning to his first major TV role in eight years .
Pratibandh ( Hindi : प्रतिबंध ) is a 1990 Bollywood action film directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty the film stars Chiranjeevi , Juhi Chawla and Rami Reddy in the lead roles .
If I Were a Spy ( French : Si j'étais un espion ) is a 1967 French comedy crime film directed by Bertrand Blier , starring Bernard Blier and Bruno Cremer .
The Blackguard ( 1925 ) is a British - German drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Jane Novak , Walter Rilla , and Frank Stanmore .
X - Paroni ( X - Baron ) is a 1964 Finnish comedy and the debut of Spede Pasanen as a leading male role and debut as a co - director of a full - length film .
Goddess Remembered is a 1989 Canadian documentary on the Goddess movement and feminist theories surrounding Goddess worship in Old European culture according to Marija Gimbutas , and Merlin Stone 's When God Was a Woman .
Based on the 1998 play Qualquer Gato Vira - Lata tem uma Vida Sexual Mais Saudável que a Nossa ( English : Any Stray Cat Has a Healthier Sex Life Than Ours ) by Juca de Oliveira , it stars Cléo Pires , Malvino Salvador , and Dudu Azevedo .
How to Steal 2 Million is a 2011 South African action drama film , written & directed by Charlie Vundla , produced by Karen E. Johnson , Jeremy Nathan , Mfundi Vundla and Michelle Wheatley and starring John Kani , Hlubi Mboya , Menzi Ngubane , Terry Pheto and Rapulana Seiphemo .
It is based on the 1932 novel , Week - End Marriage , by Faith Baldwin and stars Loretta Young .
Pastor Hall is a 1940 British drama film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Wilfrid Lawson , Nova Pilbeam , Seymour Hicks , among others .
RoboCop 2 is a 1990 American cyberpunk action film directed by Irvin Kershner and starring Peter Weller , Nancy Allen , Dan O'Herlihy , Belinda Bauer , Tom Noonan , and Gabriel Damon .
Viva Zapata ! is a 1952 biographical film starring Marlon Brando and directed by Elia Kazan .
Papa 's Delicate Condition is a 1963 comedy film starring Jackie Gleason and Glynis Johns .
The Fifth Dimension of Sex ( original title : A 5ª Dimensão do Sexo , A Quinta Dimensão Do Sexo ) is a 1984 Brazilian exploitation film directed by Brazilian filmmaker José Mojica Marins .
Cabascabo is a 1968 Nigerien - French drama film directed by Oumarou Ganda .
To the Shores of Hell is a 1966 Vietnam war film directed by Will Zens and starring Marshall Thompson , Richard Arlen , Dick O'Neill and Robert Dornan that was distributed by Crown International Pictures .
Dabangg ( English : Fearless ) is a 2010 Indian action film directed by Abhinav Kashyap , and produced by Arbaaz Khan under Arbaaz Khan Productions .
Kadha , Samvidhanam Kunchakko is a 2009 Malayalam - language psychological thriller directed by Haridas Kesavan , and produced by Manoj Ramsingh The film features Sreenivasan and Meena in the lead roles .
The Box Car Racer DVD is the only DVD released by the band of the same name , and features Tom DeLonge and Travis Barker of Blink-182 fame , David Kennedy , who is now in Angels & Airwaves along with DeLonge , and Anthony Celestino .
So Evil , So Young is a 1961 British Technicolor Reform school Prison film from the Danzigers , starring Jill Ireland and Ellen Pollock .
The Disappearance of Flight 412 is a 1974 made - for - television science fiction drama film starring Glenn Ford , Bradford Dillman , David Soul and Guy Stockwell .
Too Young to Kiss is a 1951 American romantic comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring June Allyson and Van Johnson .
Pescadores de perlas ( English : Pearl Fishers ) , also known as Sol de gloria is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García .
Anokha Rishta is a 1986 Hindi film directed by prominent Malayalam director I.V. Sasi and starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead supported by Smita Patil , Sabeeha , Tanuja , Shafi Inamdar , Satish Shah and Karan Shah .
Funnel Web is a 1962 Australian TV play starring Grant Taylor and written by Phillip Grenville Mann .
Charam is a 1983 Malayalam thriller film directed by P. A. Backer and starring Prem Nazir , Vijayakumar , Meena Menon and Urmila .
The Millionaire Matchmaker is an American reality television series on Bravo that premiered on January 22 , 2008 , and is hosted by Patti Stanger .
The Champion Liar is a 1920 short Western film directed by and starring Hoot Gibson for Universal Film Manufacturing Co.
The Long Weekend is a 2005 Canadian film starring Chris Klein and Brendan Fehr as two brothers , Cooper ( Klein ) and Ed Waxman ( Fehr ) .
Three Steps in the Dark is a 1953 British B - movie whodunit , directed by Daniel Birt and starring Greta Gynt and Hugh Sinclair .
Give 'em Hell , Harry ! stars James Whitmore and was directed by Steve Binder and Peter H. Hunt .
Hell to Eternity is a 1960 American World War II film starring Jeffrey Hunter , David Janssen , Vic Damone and directed by Phil Karlson .
Massimo Ranieri - Metello Ottavia Piccolo - Ersilia Frank Wolff - Betto Tina Aumont - Idina Lucia Bosé - Viola Pino Colizzi - Renzoli Mariano Rigillo - Olindo Luigi Diberti - Lippi Manuela Andrei - Adele Salani Corrado Gaipa - Badolati Adolfo Geri - Del Bueno Claudio Biava - Moretti Franco Balducci - Chellini Steffen Zacharias - Pallesi Sergio Ciulli
Andy San Dimas , Avy Scott , Evie Delatosso , Jessica Bangkok , Katie Cummings , Katie St. Ives , Sierra Skye , Mike John , Tim Von Swine POV Pervert 12 ( 2010 ) :
Can This Be Love is a film starring Hero Angeles and Sandara Park , with Roxanne Guinoo , Joross Gamboa , and Paw Diaz .
Princess Hours ( Hangul : 궁 ; hanja : 宫 ; RR : Gung ; lit . `` Palace '' ) is a 2006 South Korean romantic comedy television series , starring Yoon Eun - hye , Ju Ji - hoon , Kim Jeong - hoon and Song Ji - hyo .
The Green Cockatoo ( aka Four Dark Hours ) is a 1937 British drama film directed by William Cameron Menzies and starring John Mills and René Ray .
Dr. Wake 's Patient is a 1916 British silent romance film directed by Fred Paul and starring Phyllis Dare , Gerald McCarthy and James Lindsay .
He 's in Again is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Klepto is a 2003 straight - to - DVD independent thriller film starring Meredith Bishop and Jsu Garcia .
A Little Stiff is a 1991 minimalist comedy directed by Caveh Zahedi and Greg Watkins based on true events and re - enacted by the actual participants .
Tarzan 's Fight for Life ( 1958 ) is an action adventure film featuring Edgar Rice Burroughs ' famous jungle hero Tarzan and starring Gordon Scott , Eve Brent , Rickie Sorensen , Jil Jarmyn , and Cheeta the chimpanzee .
Jaan Se Pyaara is a 1992 Bollywood family film directed by Anand and starring Govinda in a dual role as Police Inspector Jai and his mentally challenged twin brother Sunder .
Kalippattam ( English : Toy ) is a 1993 Malayalam film written and directed by Venu Nagavalli and starring Mohanlal , Urvashi , Thilakan , Kaviyoor Ponnamma , Jagathy and Nedumudi Venu .
The Barnyard is a 1923 film featuring Oliver Hardy and directed by Larry Semon .
Veergati ( Martyrdom ) is a 1995 Hindi - language Indian feature film written directed and produced by K.K Singh , starring Salman Khan , Atul Agnihotri , Divya Dutta and Akhilendra Mishra
Dalaal is a 1993 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Partho Ghosh for producer Prakash Mehra starring Mithun Chakraborty , Ayesha Jhulka and Raj Babbar as villain after a long gap .
Between Love and Hate ( also known as The Unbearable Lightness of Dating ) is a 2006 South Korean film starring Kim Seung - woo and Jang Jin - young , and is the directorial debut of screenwriter Kim Hae - gon .
Death Drives Through is a 1935 British sports drama film directed by Edward L. Cahn and starring Chili Bouchier , Robert Douglas and Miles Mander .
King of Mahjong is a 2015 Singaporean - Malaysian comedy film directed by Adrian Teh and starring Chapman To , Mark Lee , Michelle Ye and Venus Wong .
The Strongest Man in the World is a 1975 Disney film starring Kurt Russell , still a student in the fictional Medfield College .
Mix Me a Person is a 1962 British crime drama film directed by Leslie Norman and starring Anne Baxter , Donald Sinden , Adam Faith , Walter Brown and Carole Ann Ford .
Antonio Ferrandis as Pedro Luis Jarrapellejos Juan Diego as Saturnino Lydia Bosch as Ernesta Amparo Larrañaga as Purita Joaquín Hinojosa as Juan Cidoncha Miguel Rellán as Gato ( as Miguel A. Rellán ) Aitana Sánchez - Gijón as Isabel Carlos Tristancho as Mariano Florinda Chico as María del Carmen José Coronado as Octavio Trillo
All About Me is a British television sitcom starring Jasper Carrott about a multicultural family living in Birmingham .
Hollywood Cavalcade is a 1939 American film featuring Alice Faye as a young performer making her way in the early days of Hollywood , from slapstick silent pictures through the transition from silent to sound .
11th Victim is a 1979 American made - for - television crime drama directed by Jonathan Kaplan and starring Bess Armstrong and Max Gail .
In the Nick is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Anthony Newley , Anne Aubrey , Bernie Winters , James Booth and Harry Andrews .
Ingili ( Maldivian : އިނގިލި , translation : Finger ) is a 2013 Maldivian experimental suspense thriller film , starring Ismail Rasheed and Abdulla Muaz .
Painting the Clouds with Sunshine is the title of a Technicolor musical film released in 1951 , directed by David Butler and starring Dennis Morgan and Virginia Mayo ( singing voice was dubbed by Bonnie Lou Williams ) .
Five Summer Stories is a 1972 surf film by Jim Freeman and Greg MacGillivray , starring David Nuuhiwa , Eddie Aikau , Gerry Lopez , and Sam Hawk .
Ruby Gentry is a 1952 film , directed by King Vidor and starring Jennifer Jones , Charlton Heston and Karl Malden .
The Mistress of Shenstone is a 1921 silent film romance directed by Henry King and starring Pauline Frederick and Roy Stewart .
Just Buried is a 2007 Canadian film written and directed by Chaz Thorne and stars Jay Baruchel and Rose Byrne .
David Beckham 's Soccer USA was a football highlights and general discussion show presented by Tim Lovejoy and produced and broadcast in the United Kingdom by Five .
Revenge of The Gladiators ( Italian : La vendetta dei gladiatori ) is a 1964 Italian peplum film written and directed by Luigi Capuano and starring Mickey Hargitay and José Greci .
The Public Woman ( French : La femme publique ) is a 1984 French drama film inspired by Dostoevsky 's novel Demons and directed by Andrzej Żuławski , starring Valérie Kaprisky , Lambert Wilson and Francis Huster as the lead actors .
Seksdagesløbet is a 1958 Danish drama film directed by Jørgen Roos and starring Poul Reichhardt .
I de gode , gamle dage is a 1940 Danish film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Christian Arhoff .
En helt vanlig dag på jobben ( English : A completely average day at work ) is a 2010 Norwegian comedy - drama directed by Terje Rangnes , starring Jan Gunnar Røise , Jon Øigarden and Ingar Helge Gimle .
The Bamboo Blonde is a 1946 American film directed by Anthony Mann based on an original story `` Chicago Lulu '' by Wayne Whittaker , and starring Frances Langford and Ralph Edwards in a patriotic War movie .
The Hare Census ( Bulgarian : Преброяване на дивите зайци / Prebroyavane na Divite Zaytsi ) is a Bulgarian satiric comedy film released in 1973 , directed by Eduard Zahariev , starring Itzhak Fintzi , Nikola Todev , Georgi Rusev , Evstati Stratev , Philip Trifonov and Todor Kolev .
The Sleeping Tiger is a 1954 film noir starring Alexis Smith and Dirk Bogarde .
It 's a Boy Girl Thing is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by Nick Hurran and written by Geoff Deane , starring Kevin Zegers and Samaire Armstrong and set in the United States but produced in the United Kingdom .
Death of a Scoundrel is a 1956 film written , directed and produced by Charles Martin and starring George Sanders , Yvonne De Carlo , Zsa Zsa Gabor , Victor Jory and Coleen Gray .
Arthur 's Desperate Resolve is a 1916 American silent short comedy directed by and starring William Garwood and Edward Brady .
Swasthik ( Kannada : ಸ್ವಸ್ತಿಕ್ ) is a 1999 Indian Kannada language terrorism thriller cult film directed by Upendra , starring Raghavendra Rajkumar , Vijayalakshmi and Srinath in lead roles .
Katari Veera Surasundarangi is a 2012 3D Kannada Romantic fantasy film starring Upendra and Ramya in the lead roles .
Guerillas in Pink Lace is a 1964 Philippine Techniscope comedy set during the invasion of the Philippines during World War II . The film starred George Montgomery who also produced , directed and co - wrote the screenplay as well as featuring his own father in a role as a Priest .
A Precocious Girl ( German title : Csibi , der Fratz ) is a 1934 Austrian comedy film directed by Max Neufeld and Richard Eichberg and starring Franciska Gaal , Leopoldine Konstantin and Herbert Hübner .
Eyes in the Night is a 1942 American crime mystery Film Noir directed by Fred Zinnemann , based on Baynard Kendrick 's 1941 novel The Odor of Violets and starring Edward Arnold , Ann Harding and Donna Reed .
The Seventh Coin is a 1993 independent film starring Peter O'Toole and directed by Dror Soref .
The Unexpected Father is a 1932 American comedy film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Slim Summerville , Zasu Pitts and Cora Sue Collins .
Everything for Gloria ( German : Alles für Gloria ) is a 1941 German romance film directed by Carl Boese and starring Leo Slezak , Laura Solari and Johannes Riemann .
Forsaking All Others is a 1934 American romantic comedy - drama film directed by W.S. Van Dyke , and starring Joan Crawford , Clark Gable , and Robert Montgomery .
A Knight of the Range is a 1916 American Western film , featuring Harry Carey .
Dave Chappelle 's Block Party , also known as Block Party , is a 2005 documentary film hosted and written by comedian Dave Chappelle , and directed by Michel Gondry .
River 's Edge is a 1986 American drama film directed by Tim Hunter , written by Neal Jimenez , and starring Crispin Glover , Keanu Reeves , Ione Skye Leitch , Daniel Roebuck , and Dennis Hopper .
The Tiger Makes Out is a 1967 comedy film about a kidnapper and his unintended victim , starring Eli Wallach and Anne Jackson and directed by Arthur Hiller .
After the Verdict is a 1929 British silent drama film directed by Henrik Galeen and starring Olga Tschechowa and Warwick Ward .
Paid to Dance ( also known as Hard to Hold ) is a 1937 drama film starring Don Terry , Jacqueline Wells and Rita Hayworth .
Mabel 's Wilful Way is a 1915 American short comedy film directed by Roscoe Arbuckle , starring Mabel Normand and Fatty Arbuckle .
Weird Woman ( 1944 ) is an Inner Sanctum mystery and horror film directed by Reginald Le Borg , and starring Lon Chaney , Jr. , Anne Gwynne , and Evelyn Ankers .
Red Water is a 2003 made for television horror film starring Lou Diamond Phillips , Kristy Swanson , Gideon Emery and Coolio .
Khatarnaak is a 1990 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Bharat Rangachary , starring Sanjay Dutt , Farha Naaz and Anita Raj in lead roles , upon release the film was a box office hit .
The First Woman Who Passes ( Italian : La prima donna che passa ) is a 1940 Italian historical comedy film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Alida Valli , Carlo Lombardi and Niní Gordini Cervi .
Every Mother 's Worst Fear is a 1998 American television movie starring Cheryl Ladd , Jordan Ladd and Ted McGinley .
Smart People is a 2008 American comedy - drama film starring Dennis Quaid , Sarah Jessica Parker , Ellen Page , and Thomas Haden Church .
Captain Wronski ( German : Rittmeister Wronski ) is a 1954 West German spy film directed by Ulrich Erfurth and starring Willy Birgel , Elisabeth Flickenschildt and Antje Weisgerber .
Prince Hours ( Hangul : 궁S ; hanja : 宮S ; RR : Gung S ; lit . `` Palace S '' ) is a 2007 South Korean romantic comedy television series , starring Se7en , Huh E - jae , Park Shin - hye and Kang Doo .
A Holiday Romance ( released in the UK under the title A Song for the season ) is a 1999 film directed by Bobby Roth and starring Naomi Judd , Andy Griffith , and Gerald McRaney .
Blood of the Railroad Workers ( Norwegian : Rallarblod ) is a 1979 Norwegian drama film directed by Erik Solbakken , starring Nils Ole Oftebro and Ragnhild Hilt .
I Do n't Want to Be Born ( U.S. The Devil Within Her ; also known as The Monster ) is a 1975 British horror film , directed by Peter Sasdy and starring Joan Collins , Ralph Bates , Eileen Atkins and Donald Pleasence , which tapped into the 1970s fad for devil - child horror films .
To Gillian on Her 37th Birthday is a 1996 American romantic drama film directed by Michael Pressman , and starring Peter Gallagher and Claire Danes as a father and daughter struggling to come to terms with the tragic death of wife and mother Gillian ( Michelle Pfeiffer ) .
The St. Louis Kid is a 1934 drama film starring James Cagney as a truck driver who gets mixed up in a union dispute after a union leader is killed and his girlfriend is kidnapped after witnessing the crime .
Dorothy Brunton as Clara Gibbings Campbell Copelin as Errol Kerr Harvey Adams as Justin Kerr Noel Boyd as Yolande Probyn Harold Meade as Earl of Drumoor Byrl Walkley as Lady Drumoor Marshall Crosby as Tudor Russell Scott as Gallagher Guy Hastings as Ted
Panique is a French film directed by Julien Duvivier , made in 1946 and released in 1947 , starring Michel Simon and Viviane Romance .
Ship Ahoy is the title of a 1942 musical - comedy film produced by MGM , starring Eleanor Powell and Red Skelton .
Charley One - Eye is a 1973 British - American film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Richard Roundtree , Roy Thinnes and Nigel Davenport .
Chatpati ( Hindi : चटपटी ; English : Spiced ) is a 1983 Bollywood film directed by V. Ravindra and produced by Deven Verma , starring Smita Patil and Raj Kiran in lead role .
Do n't Get Personal is a 1942 American romantic musical film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Jane Frazee .
Monster - in - Law is a 2005 Australian / New Zealand / American romantic comedy film directed by Robert Luketic and starring Jennifer Lopez , Jane Fonda , Michael Vartan and Wanda Sykes .
The Story of Esther Costello is a 1957 British drama film starring Joan Crawford , Rossano Brazzi , and Heather Sears ( who won a Bafta as Best British Actress for her performance ) .
The Real Glory is a 1939 Samuel Goldwyn Productions action film starring Gary Cooper , David Niven , and Broderick Crawford released by United Artists in the weeks immediately following Nazi Germany 's invasion of Poland .
Kindari Jogi ( Kannada : ಕಿಂದರಿಜೋಗಿ ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed , co - written and enacted by V. Ravichandran along with Juhi Chawla pairing together again after the successful previous film Premaloka ( 1988 ) .
5 Against the House is a 1955 American heist film noir based on a story by Jack Finney , starring Guy Madison , Brian Keith , and Kim Novak , in one of her first film appearances .
Gymkata is a 1985 martial arts film starring Olympic gymnast Kurt Thomas as Jonathan Cabot , an Olympic gymnast who combines his gymnastic ability with martial arts to enter a deadly competition in a fictional country , Parmistan .
Vieni avanti cretino ( Come forward , idiot ) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce .
47 Natkal ( English : 47 days ) is a 1981 Indian Tamil drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Chiranjeevi , Jayaprada , Sarath Babu and Ramaprabha .
Without Benefit of Clergy is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by James Young and featuring Boris Karloff .
It stars Roy Scheider as a crusading policeman who is the leader of The Seven - Ups , a squad of plainclothes officers who use dirty , unorthodox tactics to snare their quarry on charges leading to prison sentences of seven years or more upon prosecution , hence the name of the team .
He Comes Up Smiling is a 1918 American comedy film produced by and starring Douglas Fairbanks and directed by Allan Dwan .
This film gave Mahesh Babu the tag `` Prince '' , as Yuvaraju means prince .
To Catch a Killer is a two - part television film from 1992 , directed by Eric Till and starring Brian Dennehy and Michael Riley .
If My Country Should Call is a 1916 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney .
Barking Water is a 2009 independent feature film written and directed by Sterlin Harjo that premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and stars Richard Ray Whitman , Casey Camp - Horinek , Jon Proudstar , Aaron Riggs , Laura Spencer , Quese iMC , Ryan Red Corn , and Beau Harjo .
Rodrigo Noya as Valentín Carmen Maura as Grandmother Julieta Cardinali as Leticia Jean Pierre Noher as Uncle Chiche Mex Urtizberea as Rufo , the piano teacher Lorenzo Quinteros as a barman Alejandro Agresti as Father Carlos Roffé as Dr. Galaburri
Charlie Chan 's Chance is a 1932 American Pre - Code murder mystery film , the third to star Warner Oland as detective Charlie Chan .
The Road to Corinthe ( French : La route de Corinthe , Italian : Criminal story , also released as Who 's Got the Black Box ? ) is a 1967 French - Italian Eurospy film directed by Claude Chabrol .
The Veils of Bagdad is a 1953 adventure film starring Victor Mature .
There Are No Villains is a lost 1921 American silent crime melodrama film starring Viola Dana and produced and directed by Bayard Veiller .
Dolly Dearest is an American 1991 horror film starring Denise Crosby and Rip Torn .
Pagadai Panirendu is a 1982 Tamil language Indian feature film directed by Dhamodharan N , starring Kamal Haasan , Sripriya and Y. G. Mahendra .
Return to the Blue Lagoon is a 1991 American romance and adventure film starring Milla Jovovich and Brian Krause , produced and directed by William A. Graham .
Demon Seed is a 1977 American science fiction -- horror film starring Julie Christie and directed by Donald Cammell .
One of Those ( Italian : Una di quelle , also known as Totò , Peppino e ... una di quelle ) is a 1953 Italian comedy - drama film produced , written , directed and starred by Aldo Fabrizi .
The Caged Bird is a 1913 American silent short drama film , produced by the Thanhouser Company , and starring William Garwood and Marguerite Snow .
Where God Left His Shoes is a 2007 drama film written and directed by Salvatore Stabile and starring John Leguizamo , Leonor Varela , Samantha Rose , Jerry Ferrara , and Adriane Lenox .
Biggie & Tupac is a 2002 feature - length documentary film about murdered rappers Christopher `` Notorious B.I.G. '' Wallace and Tupac `` 2Pac '' Shakur by Nick Broomfield .
Casa de Mujeres ( `` House of Women '' ) is a 1966 Mexican drama film directed by Julián Soler and starring Dolores del Río .
Many cast members of Saturday Night Live , including Dan Aykroyd , Jane Curtin , Laraine Newman , Bill Murray , Don Novello and Gilda Radner , appear in Mr. Mike 's Mondo Video .
The Country of the Campanelli ( Italian : Il paese dei campanelli , French : Ces voyous d'hommes , also known as Town of Bells ) is a 1954 Italian - French comedy film directed by Jean Boyer and starring Sophia Loren .
The Flying Missile is a 1950 black - and - white Cold War era Columbia Pictures film starring Glenn Ford and Viveca Lindfors .
Death on the Set is a 1935 British mystery film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Henry Kendall , Eve Gray , Jeanne Stuart and Wally Patch .
Flowing Gold is a 1940 adventure film starring John Garfield , Frances Farmer , and Pat O'Brien .
Nyaung - u Sawrahan was overthrown by Kunhsaw Kyaunghpyu , who in turn was overthrown by Nyaung - u 's sons Kyiso and Sokkate .
Augusta Leigh 's third daughter , born in spring of 1814 , was christened Elizabeth Medora Leigh .
Will Vesper 's son , the author Bernward Vesper ( 1938 - 1971 ) , also became well - known when his autobiographic novel Die Reise ( Journey , or , Trip ) was posthumously published in 1977 .
The inscription on the Cairo fragment describes Khenthap as the mother of king Djer .
Louis de Noailles was succeeded by his eldest son , Jean de Noailles .
Alois Hitler , Sr . ( born Alois Schicklgruber ; 7 June 1837 -- 3 January 1903 ) was an Austrian civil servant and the father of dictator Adolf Hitler .
In Greek mythology , Crotopus ( Ancient Greek : Κρότωπος ) of Argos was the son of Agenor and father of Psamathe .
With Chloris , Neleus was the father of Pero , Periclymenus , Alastor and Nestor .
Adrienne Ellis is the mother of actress Laurie Holden ( The X - Files , Silent Hill , The Mist , The Walking Dead ) and actor / assistant director Christopher Holden .
Lucrezia Landriani ( born c. 1440 ) was the mistress of Galeazzo Maria Sforza , Duke of Milan , and the mother of his renowned illegitimate daughter , Caterina Sforza , Lady of Imola , Countess of Forlì .
Marie - Thérèse Walter ( 13 July 1909 -- 20 October 1977 ) was the French mistress and model of Pablo Picasso from 1927 to about 1935 , and the mother of his daughter , Maya Widmaier - Picasso .
Rose Thompson Hovick ( August 31 , 1890 -- January 28 , 1954 ) was the mother of two famous performing daughters : burlesque artist Gypsy Rose Lee and actress and dancer June Havoc .
Cecilia Young ( also Cecilia Arne ) ( January 1712 -- 6 October 1789 ) was one of the greatest English sopranos of the eighteenth century , the wife of composer Thomas Arne , and the mother of composer Michael Arne .
Allende started the Isabel Allende Foundation on 9 December 1996 to pay homage to her daughter , Paula Frías Allende , who experienced a coma after complications of the disease porphyria led to her hospitalization .
Spitamenes had a daughter , Apama , who was married to one of Alexander 's most important generals and an eventual Diadochi ( successor ) , Seleucus I Nicator ( February 324 BC ) .
Born in Beirut on 5 January 1926 to an Greek Orthodox Christian family , Ghassan Tueni was the son of Gebran Tueni , the founder and publisher of the daily newspaper An Nahar .
He was a father of Jonas Kęsgaila and Mykolas Kęsgaila the Younger .
Roger Pontare is father to Viktor and Vincent Pontare .
Jiří Sovák was born Jiří Schmitzer ( later changed his name to Sovák as a protest against Nazi Germany and its occupation of Czechoslovakia ) to the family of an innkeeper in Prague .
In 113 BC , Liu Ju would marry his only well - known consort , Lady Shi ( 史良娣 ) , who bore him a son Liu Jin ( 劉進 ) .
Li Jiqian was father of Li Deming ( Chinese : 李德明 ) , and grandfather of Li Yuanhao ( Chinese : 李元昊 ) , the first emperor of the Western Xia Empire , and so was posthumously recognized as ' grand ancestor ' ( taizu 太祖 ) of the Western Xia royal family .
Djedefre had four sons ( Hornit , Baka , Setka and Nikaudjedefre ) and two daughters ( Hetepheres C and Neferhetepes ) but it is not known if Khentetka or Hetepheres ( or even another woman ) was the mother of these children .
Queen Debsirindra of Siam ( Thai : เทพศิรินทร ; rtgs : Thepsirin ) , formerly Queen Ramphoei Phamaraphirom ( Thai : รำเพยภมราภิรมย์ ) , born Princess Ramphoei Siriwong ( Thai : รำเพย ศิริวงศ์ ; 17 July 1834 -- 9 September 1861 ) was the second consort of King Mongkut , and mother of King Chulalongkorn .
He is also known as Jean I Restout or Jean Restout the elder to distinguish him from his son Jean II Restout , also an artist .
Kaemsekhem 's wife was Ka'aper , who bore him two sons named Rawer and Minkhaf .
The U.S. Navy chartered Comber in 1917 for World War I service and commissioned her as USS Comber ( SP-344 ) on 19 April 1917 with Lieutenant M. F. Powers , USNRF , in command .
Bernardim Freire de Andrade ( Lisbon , 18 February 1759 -- Braga , 17 March 1809 ) , was a Portuguese Army general officer who was assigned to command the forces of the Porto Junta in 1808 during the Peninsular War .
Edmund English ( November 16 , 1841 -- May 27 , 1912 ) was a Union Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for his bravery at the Battle of the Wilderness in the American Civil War .
Henry Lawrence Burnett ( December 26 , 1838 -- January 4 , 1916 ) was a brevet brigadier general for the Union in the American Civil War and a prosecutor in the trial that followed the Abraham Lincoln assassination .
' '' Sven Hedin on Ma Zhongying Yulbars Khan asked the help of Ma Zhongying to overthrow Governor Jin Shuren , after Jin abolished the Kumul Khanate and set off the Kumul Rebellion .
Juliette Dodu ( born in Saint - Denis de la Réunion on June 15 , 1848 , died on October 28 , 1909 ) was a legendary heroine of the Franco - Prussian War of 1870 , and the first woman to be awarded the Legion of Honor .
Alexander McDowell McCook ( April 22 , 1831 -- June 12 , 1903 ) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general in the American Civil War .
Rudolf Frank ( 19 August 1920 -- 27 April 1944 ) was a German Luftwaffe military aviator during World War II , a night fighter ace credited with 45 enemy aircraft shot down in 183 combat missions .
Leopold Vietoris ( /viːˈtɔərɪs/ ; German : ( viːˈtoːʀɪs ) ; 4 June 1891 -- 9 April 2002 ) was an Austrian mathematician and a World War I veteran .
Anton - Detlev von Plato ( 6 June 1910 -- 12 October 2001 ) was a highly decorated Oberst i m Generalstab in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Generalleutnant in the Bundeswehr .
George Augustus Vaughn , Jr. ( May 20 , 1897 -- July 31 , 1989 ) was an American fighter ace in World War I and Distinguished Service Cross , Britain 's Distinguished Flying Cross , and Silver Star recipient .
Herbert Panknin ( 27 December 1913 in Neustettin -- 15 March 2001 in Langen - Sievern ) was a German chief engineer ( Leitender Ingenieur - LI ) on a Kriegsmarine U - boat in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
John Alexander McClernand ( May 30 , 1812 -- September 20 , 1900 ) was an American lawyer and politician , and a Union general in the American Civil War .
George Frederick Phillips , ( March 8 , 1862 -- June 4 , 1904 ) was a U.S. Navy Machinist First Class who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Spanish-- American War in 1899 .
Robert Dodds ' Attestation Paper - The Aerodrome - Aces and Aircraft of World War I Retrieved 16 May 2011 .
Peleg Wadsworth ( May 6 , 1748 -- November 12 , 1829 ) was an American officer during the American Revolutionary War and a Congressman from Massachusetts representing the District of Maine .
SS John Burke ( MC hull number 609 ) was an American Liberty Ship built during World War II , one of the 2,710 type ' EC2-S - C1 ' ships that carried all kinds and types of dry cargo during the war .
Joachim Schubach ( 17 September 1910 -- 5 November 1980 ) was an Obersturmbannführer ( Lieutenant Colonel ) in the Waffen SS during World War II and was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
Lieutenant - General Edward Seager CB ( 1812 - -1883 ) was a British Army officer who served in the Crimean War and in the Indian Mutiny .
Young Marshall Moody ( June 23 , 1822 -- September 18 , 1866 ) was a Confederate States Army officer who was promoted to brigadier general near the end of the American Civil War .
Count Johann von Werth ( 1591 -- 16 January 1652 ) , also Jan von Werth or in French Jean de Werth , was a German general of cavalry in the Thirty Years ' War .
Karl Hermann Gotthard Handrick ( 25 October 1908 -- 30 May 1978 ) was a German Olympic athlete and German fighter pilot during the Spanish Civil War and World War II .
Zealous Bates Tower ( January 12 , 1819 -- March 20 , 1900 ) was an American soldier and civil engineer who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Prof . Dr. Felix Zymalkowski ( 13 August 1913 in Berlin - Grünau -- 17 August 2004 in Bonn ) was a German Schnellboot commander in World War II , recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross and since 1963 professor of pharmaceutical chemistry .
Wilhelm Busse ( 8 August 1915 -- 28 June 1944 ) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Alfred Montag ( 15 June 1918 -- 18 November 1990 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II who was one of only 882 recipients who were awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
James Maley ( 19 February 1908 -- 9 April 2007 ) was a Scottish Communist , political activist , Spanish Civil War combatant and World War II veteran .
Azarethes ( Greek : Ἀζαρέθης ) , also recorded as Exarath ( Ἑξαράθ ) and Zuraq , was a Sassanid Persian military commander during the Byzantine-- Sassanid Wars .
M1 Assault Breacher Vehicle ( ABV ) , shortly Breacher , and nicknamed The Shredder , is the name of a U.S. military vehicle model as first used on a larger scale by the US Marines in the joint ISAF - Afghan Operation Moshtarak in Southern Afghanistan during the War in Afghanistan in 2010 against the Taliban insurgency .
Jeannou Lacaze ( 1924 - -2005 ) was a French army officer and politician who served in World War II , the First Indochina War , and the Algerian War before entering politics .
Reed McKinley Chambers was a pioneer in the American Aviation industry , as a flying ace in World War I , as founder of an early airline , and as founder and chairman of America 's first aviation insurance company .
Major John Beach ( January 1 , 1812 -- August 31 , 1874 ) was a United States Army officer during the Black Hawk and American Civil War as well as the last U.S. Indian Agent to the Sac and Fox tribes .
Lieutenant ( later Major ) Earl Frederick Crabb ( March 27 , 1899 -- October 18 , 1986 ) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Leutnant Viktor Schobinger was a World War I flying ace credited with eight confirmed victories .
Heinrich Dammeier ( 9 February 1914 in Beckedorf -- 16 May 2001 in Beckedorf ) was a German U - boat machinist in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Joseph Burlazzi was a U.S. Army soldier in World War II who was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his conduct during Army operations in North Africa .
Lewis Locke ( born Louis Tacy ) ( November 5 , 1835 - January 4 , 1920 ) was a Private in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War .
Pedro de Alcántara Téllez - Girón y Alfonso - Pimentel ( 1786 - -1851 ) , better known as the Prince of Anglona , was a Spanish military officer during the Peninsular War and , briefly , Captain General of Cuba ( from 7 March 1841 to 13 September 1843 ) .
William Grose ( December 16 , 1812 -- July 30 , 1900 ) was a lawyer , politician , author , and brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Thomas R. St. George ( November 23 , 1919 -- July 29 , 2014 ) was an American author , World War II veteran , reporter , editor , columnist and screenwriter .
Sir Andrew Trollope ( died 1461 ) was an English soldier during the later stages of the Hundred Years ' War and at the time of the Wars of the Roses .
Ali was prominent at the Battle of Uhud , as well as many other battles where he wielded a bifurcated sword known as Zulfiqar .
Claude François Ferey , Baron de Rozengath ( 21 September 1771 -- 22 July 1812 ) became a division commander during the Napoleonic Wars and was killed fighting the British in Spain .
William Moultrie ( /ˈmuːltriː/ ; November 23 , 1730 -- September 27 , 1805 ) was a planter and politician who became a general from South Carolina in the American Revolutionary War .
HD 3346 , also known as V428 Andromedae , is an orange giant star approximately 620 light - years away in the constellation of Andromeda .
Iota Pegasi ( 24 Peg , HD 210027 ) is a star located within the constellation Pegasus .
Arcondo Nunatak ( 82 ° 8′S 41 ° 37′W ) is a nunatak , 780 metres ( 2,560 ft ) high , standing 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Mount Spann in the Panzarini Hills portion of the Argentina Range of the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica .
Halvfarryggen Ridge ( 71 ° 10′S 6 ° 40′W ) is a broad snow - covered ridge separating the Ekström Ice Shelf and the Jelbart Ice Shelf , on the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Verdikal Gap ( Bulgarian : Вердикалска седловина , `` Verdikalska Sedlovina '' \ver - di-'kal - ska se - dlo - vi-'na\ ) is the flat ice - covered saddle of elevation over 750 m on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica , part of the ice divide between Bransfield Strait and Prince Gustav Channel .
Webb Island ( 67 ° 27′S 67 ° 56′W ) is a rocky island in Antarctica , 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ) long , lying in Laubeuf Fjord about 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the entrance to Stonehouse Bay , close to Adelaide Island .
Maine Ridge ( 78 ° 4′S 162 ° 6′E ) is a ridge that extends northwest -- southeast between Marchant Glacier and Tedrow Glacier in the Royal Society Range , Antarctica .
Mount Jukkola ( 71 ° 51′S 64 ° 38′W ) is a sharp , pyramidal peak , or nunatak , at the south - central margin of the Guthridge Nunataks , in the Gutenko Mountains of central Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Lavris Peak ( 76 ° 49′S 125 ° 56′W ) is a snow - capped peak which rises to 2,745 metres ( 9,000 ft ) in the northeastern portion of Mount Hartigan , in the Executive Committee Range , Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Mitchell Glacier is a glacier which descends steeply from Chaplains Tableland in the northeast of the Royal Society Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica , flowing east - northeast between Transit Ridge and Ibarra Peak to join the Blue Glacier drainage south of the Granite Knolls .
Molina Point ( 64 ° 48′S 62 ° 51′W ) is the eastern point of Lemaire Island , off the Danco Coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Biscoe Bay is a bay which indents the southwest coast of Anvers Island immediately north of Biscoe Point , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Aitken Nunatak ( 85 ° 42′S 173 ° 49′E ) is a small rock nunatak , 2,785 metres ( 9,140 ft ) high , standing 3 miles ( 5 km ) southwest of Mount Bumstead in the Grosvenor Mountains in Antarctica .
The Krasin Nunataks ( 68 ° 18′S 50 ° 5′E ) are a small group of nunataks lying 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) southeast of Alderdice Peak in the Nye Mountains of Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Low Rock is a low rock surrounded by foul ground , lying 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) southwest of Stranger Point , the southern extremity of King George Island , in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Fenristunga ( 71 ° 52′S 8 ° 17′E ) is a sloping field of ice within the rock walls of hairpin - shaped Fenriskjeften Mountain , in the Drygalski Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Gateway Hills ( 71 ° 40′S 163 ° 28′E ) are a prominent pair of hills , 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) high , immediately west of Husky Pass at the head of Sledgers Glacier , in the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Svoge Knoll ( Svogenska Mogila \'svo - gen - ska mo-'gi - la\ ) is an ice - covered peak rising to 560 m in Bowles Ridge , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Kamenev Nunatak ( 71 ° 41′S 63 ° 0′W ) is a ridge - like nunatak located inland from Odom Inlet and 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) west of Mount Whiting in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Benson Point is the ice - free headland forming the southwest extremity of Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Voyteh Point ( Bulgarian : нос Войтех , `` Nos Voyteh '' \'nos ' voy - teh\ ) is the point forming the east side of the entrance to Richards Cove on the north coast of Ray Promontory in the northwestern part of Byers Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Manchot Island is a rocky island lying in the entrance to Port Martin , Antarctica .
Mount Koons ( 72 ° 43′S 160 ° 22′E ) is a small mountain situated 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of Miller Butte in the Outback Nunataks , Antarctica .
Camp Ridge ( 72 ° 3′S 165 ° 12′E ) is a prominent ridge surmounted by Mount Hayton in the southeast part of the East Quartzite Range , Concord Mountains , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Shirase Glacier ( Japanese : 白瀬氷河 ; Shirase Hyōga ) is a large glacier entering Havsbotn , the bay that forms the head of Lutzow - Holm Bay in Antarctica .
Preslik Spur is an ice - free spur lying south of Clemons Spur and Forlidas Ridge in the Dufek Massif , Pensacola Mountains , in Antarctica .
Cosgrove Glacier is a small glacier entering the south part of Stefansson Bay just west of Mulebreen Glacier , Kemp Land , Antarctica .
Mhire Spur ( 79 ° 33′S 83 ° 50′W ) is a spur descending west from the heights associated with Mount Sporli to form the southern limit of Larson Valley , in the Heritage Range , Antarctica .
The Frontier Nunataks ( 78 ° 21′S 88 ° 6′W ) are a small isolated group of nunataks lying about 20 nautical miles ( 40 km ) west of the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Il Polo Glacier ( 69 ° 50′S 74 ° 54′E ) is a small glacier draining northward between Polar Times Glacier and Polarforschung Glacier into the Publications Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Cape Mascart ( 66 ° 38′S 67 ° 41′W ) is a cape forming the northern extremity of Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
Haulaway Point ( 68 ° 11′S 67 ° 0′W ) is a small rocky point midway along the northeast side of Stonington Island , close off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Martin Ridge ( 84 ° 25′S 165 ° 30′E ) is a broad ice - covered ridge bordering the west side of upper Moody Glacier in the Queen Alexandra Range , Antarctica .
This reflects that much major Roman Catholic missionary activity was conducted through the former Apostolic Prefecture ( created in 1863 from the Apostolic Vicariate of Central Oceania ) , then Apostolic Vicariate of Fiji , which has since been promoted to Archdiocese of Suva , which spans the whole of Fiji .
Tonga 's relations with Oceania 's regional powers , Australia and New Zealand , are good .
Stuttflog Glacier ( 71 ° 56′S 4 ° 45′E ) is a glacier flowing north between Mount Grytoyr and Mount Pertrellfjellet in the Muhlig - Hofmann Mountains , Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Saedinenie Snowfield ( Lednik Saedinenie \'led - nik s&-e - di-'ne - ni - e\ ) on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica is situated southwest of Rose Valley Glacier , west of Panega Glacier , northwest of Kaliakra Glacier , north of lower Perunika Glacier and east - northeast of Tundzha Glacier .
The Blatenský vrch ( German : Plattenberg ) is one of the mountains over 1,000 metres high in the Ore Mountains of Central Europe in the immediate vicinity of Horní Blatná ( Platten mining town ) .
Greer Peak ( 76 ° 47′S 144 ° 25′W ) is a prominent peak , the northernmost of the Wiener Peaks , in the Denfeld Mountains of the Ford Ranges in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Mime Glacier ( 77 ° 37′S 161 ° 46′E ) is a small glacier at the south ( upper ) end of Tiw Valley in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Cape Hinks ( 69 ° 10′S 63 ° 10′W ) is a bold headland on the south side of the entrance to Bertius Inlet , and surmounted by a high ice - covered dome , marking the northern extremity of the Finley Heights on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Hofman Hill ( 77 ° 55′S 164 ° 13′E ) is an ice - free peak , 1,065 metres ( 3,500 ft ) high , standing at the north side of the terminus of Blackwelder Glacier , on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Ironside Glacier is a glacier , about 30 mi ( 48 km ) long , originating at the south side of Mount Minto in the Admiralty Mountains and draining southeast between Mount Whewell and Mount Herschel into Moubray Bay , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Knut Rocks ( 71 ° 24′S 13 ° 2′E ) are several small rock outcroppings on a north - facing slope , located 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) east of Deildegasten Ridge in the southwest part of the Gruber Mountains , Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Matheson Glacier is a glacier 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long , lying 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of Ashton Glacier , which it parallels , and flowing in an easterly direction to the west side of Lehrke Inlet , on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Mount Strathcona ( 67 ° 22′S 99 ° 11′E ) is a mountain , 1,380 m high , rising above the continental ice on the west side of Denman Glacier , 11 miles south of Mount Barr Smith , in Antarctica .
Moraine Ridge ( 72 ° 18′S 168 ° 3′E ) is a small ridge in the northeastern part of the Cartographers Range , descending to the southwest flank of Tucker Glacier just south of the junction with Pearl Harbor Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The McIntosh Cliffs are a line of steep , uneven , volcanic bluffs or cliffs , 16 nautical miles ( 30 km ) long , forming the southwest side of the Minna Bluff peninsula , at the northeast end of Hillary Coast , Ross Dependency , Antarctica .
Valoga Glacier ( Bulgarian : ледник Валога , `` Lednik Valoga '' \'led - nik va-'lo - ga\ ) is the glacier extending 8 km in southwest - northeast direction and 4 km in southeast - northwest direction in Flowers Hills on the east side of Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Lee Peak ( 86 ° 25′S 151 ° 35′W ) is a peak along the west side of Scott Glacier , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of Mount Denauro , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Mainsail Rock ( 60 ° 37′S 46 ° 3′W ) is a rock lying 0.6 nautical miles ( 1.1 km ) southwest of Spine Island in Sandefjord Bay , South Orkney Islands , Antarctica .
Velchev Rock ( 62 ° 38′S 60 ° 20′W ) is a small nunatak rising to 208 m on the southwest end of Balkan Snowfield just north of Contell Glacier on eastern Livingston Island of the South Shetland Islands , Western Antarctica .
Cape Zumberge is a steep rock cape on the west side of the Ronne Ice Shelf , marking the southwest end of the Orville Coast of Palmer Land on the continent of Antarctica .
Patagonia Bay ( 64 ° 27′S 63 ° 12′W ) is a bay between Gourdon Peninsula and Thompson Peninsula on the northeast coast of Anvers Island , Palmer Archipelago in Antarctica .
Cape Fanning ( 72 ° 24′S 60 ° 39′W ) is a cape which forms the north side of the entrance to Violante Inlet , on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Mount Marzolf ( 70 ° 28′S 159 ° 41′E ) is an elongated partially ice - free mountain standing at the head of Svendsen Glacier , 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) west of Mount Gillmor , in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica .
The Orange River ( Afrikaans / Dutch : Oranjerivier ) , Gariep River , Groote River or Senqu River is the longest river in South Africa .
Andersson Island ( historically Rosamel Island ) is an island located at the eastern end of the Tabarin Peninsula , Antarctica .
Gabon ( /ɡəˈbɒn/ ; French pronunciation : ​(ɡabɔ̃ ) ) , officially the Gabonese Republic ( French : République gabonaise ) , is a sovereign state on the west coast of Central Africa .
Mount Hardy ( 66 ° 49′S 50 ° 43′E ) is a mountain standing close east of Mount Oldfield in the northwest part of the Tula Mountains , in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Linder Glacier ( 71 ° 41′S 163 ° 3′E ) is a steep tributary glacier in the Lanterman Range , Bowers Mountains , Antarctica .
Enderby Plain ( also known as Enderby Abyssal Plain or East Abyssal Plain ) ( 60 ° S 40 ° E ) is an undersea plain ( or abyssal plain ) , located off the coast of Enderby Land and Queen Maud Land , East Antarctica .
Gerlovo Beach ( Bulgarian : Герловски бряг , `` Gerlovski Bryag '' \'ger - lov - ski ' bryag\ ) is a beach extending 2 km on the northwest coast of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Grikurov Ridge ( 71 ° 17′S 69 ° 0′W ) is a ridge that extends westward for about 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) from the south end of the LeMay Range , in central Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Ahrnsbrak Glacier is a glacier in the Enterprise Hills of the Heritage Range in Antarctica , flowing north between Sutton Peak and Shoemaker Peak to the confluent ice at the lower end of Union Glacier .
Jutulgryta Crevasses ( 71 ° 16′S 0 ° 27′E ) is a crevasse field about 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long , at the east side of the mouth of Jutulstraumen Glacier in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Festninga Mountain is a broad , ice - topped mountain , 2,535 metres ( 8,320 ft ) high , standing west of Mount Hochlin at the west end of the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains , in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Crawford Glacier ( 70 ° 53′S 163 ° 13′E ) is a tributary glacier which drains the eastern slopes of the Explorers Range between Mount Hager and Mount Ford , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kåre Bench ( 71 ° 29′S 12 ° 10′E ) is a flat - topped mountain , 1,810 metres ( 5,940 ft ) high , standing 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of Mount Hansen and just southwest of Daykovaya Peak at the north end of the Westliche Petermann Range , in the Wohlthat Mountains of Antarctica .
Poland ( Polish : Polska ( ˈpɔlska ) ) , officially the Republic of Poland ( Polish : Rzeczpospolita Polska , listen ) , is a country in Central Europe , bordered by Germany to the west ; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south ;
Mount Tyree ( 4852 m ) is the second highest mountain of Antarctica located 13 kilometres northwest of Vinson Massif ( 4,892 m ) , the highest peak on the continent .
Tulaczyk Glacier ( 78 ° 35′S 85 ° 53′W ) is a steep valley glacier draining the west slope of Vinson Massif southwest of Príncipe de Asturias Peak , and descending between Cairns Glacier and Zapol Glacier in the Sentinel Range , Antarctica .
Cliff Island ( 66 ° 0′S 65 ° 39′W ) is a narrow cliffed island at the south side of Mutton Cove , lying immediately south of Upper Island and 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) west of Prospect Point , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Gutenberg Glacier ( 81 ° 58′S 158 ° 32′E ) is a glacier 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) long in the northern Holyoake Range of the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
Fendorf Glacier ( 79 ° 30′S 84 ° 49′W ) is a broad glacier draining from the eastern slopes of the Gifford Peaks and flowing north to merge with Dobbratz Glacier , in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Yankov Gap ( Yankova Sedlovina \'yan - ko - va se - dlo - vi-'na\ ) is an ice - covered saddle linking Melnik Ridge and Bowles Ridge in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Minami - karamete Rock is a rock located 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) south of Kita - karamete Rock in the eastern part of Riiser - Larsen Peninsula , Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Miers Glacier is a small glacier north of Terminus Mountain in Victoria Land , Antarctica , occupying the upper ( western ) portion of Miers Valley .
Mount Kirkpatrick is a lofty , generally ice - free mountain in Antarctica 's Queen Alexandra Range .
Pazardzhik Point ( Bulgarian : нос Пазарджик , `` Nos Pazardzhik '' \'nos ' pa - zar - dzhik\ ) is a point on the southeast coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica situated 2.1 km east - northeast of Cape Conway and 9.9 km southwest of Hall Peninsula .
Manciple Island ( 64 ° 56′S 63 ° 56′W ) is an island lying between Reeve Island and Host Island in the Wauwermans Islands , in the Wilhelm Archipelago of Antarctica .
Mount McKenzie ( 70 ° 40′S 67 ° 1′E ) is a pyramidal peak , 2,255 metres ( 7,400 ft ) high , situated 3.5 nautical miles ( 6 km ) southeast of Saxton Ridge in the Amery Peaks of the Aramis Range , Prince Charles Mountains , Antarctica .
Mount Massell ( 72 ° 29′S 163 ° 21′E ) is a mountain , 1,880 metres ( 6,170 ft ) high , standing 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) southeast of Mount Jackman , in the Freyberg Mountains of Antarctica .
Allegro Valley ( 71 ° 18′S 160 ° 10′E ) is a steep - sided , glacier - filled valley indenting the east side of Daniels Range just north of White Spur , in the Usarp Mountains , Antarctica .
Arkutino Beach ( Bryag Arkutino \'bryag ar-'ku - ti - no\ ) is a beach extending 1.8 km on the east coast of False Bay , Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Airdevronsix Icefalls ( 77 ° 31′S 160 ° 22′E ) is a line of icefalls at the head of Wright Upper Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Markham Spur ( 77 ° 39′S 162 ° 21′E ) is a prominent rock spur extending southwest from Roa Ridge into Matterhorn Glacier in the Asgard Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
January Col ( 83 ° 24′S 162 ° 0′E ) is a high col on the north side of Claydon Peak , Prince Andrew Plateau , Antarctica .
Milestone Bluff ( 67 ° 38′S 68 ° 45′W ) is a rock - faced , snow - backed bluff rising to about 830 metres ( 2,720 ft ) just west - southwest of Mount Liotard , in the south part of Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
Struma Glacier ( Lednik Struma \'led - nik ' stru - ma\ ) is a glacier in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica situated south of lower Kaliakra Glacier and north of Huron Glacier .
Hayes Glacier in Antarctica enters the southeast part of the Weddell Sea about 17 miles ( 27 km ) west - southwest of Dawson - Lambton Glacier .
Kjukevåg Bay ( 69 ° 36′S 39 ° 41′E ) is a small bay formed between the seaward projection of Telen Glacier and the coast just northward , on the east coast of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Ebbe Glacier ( 71 ° 03′S 164 ° 45′E ) is a tributary glacier about 60 miles ( 100 km ) long , draining northwest from the Homerun Range and the Robinson Heights , and then west - northwest between the Everett Range and the Anare Mountains into Lillie Glacier , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Sherrell Point ( 63 ° 18′S 58 ° 41′W ) is a point at the south end of Astrolabe Island , off Trinity Peninsula in Antarctica .
The Sobat River is a river of the Greater Upper Nile region in northeastern South Sudan , Africa .
Simitli Point ( Bulgarian : нос Симитли , `` Nos Simitli '' \'nos ' si - mit - li\ ) is a point on the north coast of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica forming the east side of the entrance to Timok Cove .
Mount Joern ( 72 ° 35′S 160 ° 24′E ) is a ridgelike mountain , 2,510 metres ( 8,230 ft ) high , standing 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of Mount Bower in the Outback Nunataks in Antarctica .
The Findlay Range ( 71 ° 39′S 167 ° 22′E ) is a mountain range lying parallel to and west of the Lyttelton Range , extending between Grigg Peak and Sorensen Peak in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Bates Point ( 70 ° 43′S 166 ° 47′E ) is an ice - covered headland forming the north side of the entrance to Yule Bay , along the north coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Martin Dome is an elevated , snow - covered prominence between Argosy Glacier and Argo Glacier in the Miller Range , Antarctica .
Horseshoe Mountain ( 77 ° 34′S 159 ° 58′E ) is a mountain just west of Mount Fleming , standing on the north side of the head of Taylor Glacier , near the edge of the polar plateau in Oates Land , Antarctica , close to its boundary with Victoria Land .
Mount Frishman is a small , pointed mountain , 1,880 metres ( 6,170 ft ) high , in the eastern part of the Robinson Heights , in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Butter Point is located in McMurdo Sound in Antarctica .
First Facet is a steep ice - free bluff rising just eastward of Second Facet , forming a part of the north wall of Debenham Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Johns ( 79 ° 37′S 91 ° 14′W ) is a solitary nunatak rising 90 metres ( 300 ft ) above the ice surface , about 50 nautical miles ( 93 km ) west of the Heritage Range , in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica .
Fitzpatrick Rock is a low ice - capped rock lying 1 kilometre ( 1⁄2 nmi ) northwest of Kilby Island at the mouth of Newcomb Bay , in the Windmill Islands , Antarctica .
Lake Untersee ( German : Untersee , `` Lower Lake '' ) is the largest surface freshwater lake in the interior of the Gruber Mountains of central Queen Maud Land in East Antarctica .
Safety Island ( 67 ° 31′S 63 ° 54′E ) is a small coastal island 4.8 km ( 3 mi ) east of Cape Daly , Antarctica , 9 km ( 6 mi ) south of Auster Islands , and 0.9 km ( 0.6 mi ) northwest of Landmark Point .
Cape Hansen is a cape which separates Marshall Bay and Iceberg Bay on the south coast of Coronation Island , in the South Orkney Islands , Antarctica .
Korten Ridge ( Bulgarian : Кортенски хребет , `` Kortenski Hrebet '' \'kor - ten - ski ' hre - bet\ ) is the ridge extending 18 km in south - north direction and 9 km wide , rising to 1673 m ( Mount Bris ) on Davis Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Festningsporten Pass is an ice - covered gap in the middle of the north face of Festninga Mountain leading to the mountain 's flat summit , in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains , Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Wari Sayana ( Aymara wari vicuña , Quechua sayana stop , whereabouts , a place where you stop frequently , `` vicuña stop '' , hispanicized spelling Huarisayana ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Somonino ( sɔmɔˈninɔ ) ( German : Somlin ) is a village in Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ghatan is a market center in Beni Municipality in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western - central Nepal .
Birgittas udde ( `` Birgitta 's Point '' ) is situated on the south shore of lake Boren , Motala , Sweden .
Salkhad District ( Arabic : منطقة صلخد , translit . : manṭiqat Ṣalḫad ) is a district of the As - Suwayda Governorate in southern Syria .
The Ltyentye Apurte Community , also known as Santa Teresa , is an Arrernte indigenous community in the Northern Territory , Australia , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) from Alice Springs .
Yeongcheon - dong is a legal dong , neighbourhood of the Seodaemun - gu district in Seoul , South Korea and is governed by its administrative dong , Cheonyeon - dong 's office .
Göteborgs Högre Samskola is an independent school in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Ketapang Regency is a regency in the south of the province of West Kalimantan , on the island of Borneo in Indonesia .
Yad Kennedy ( Hebrew : יד קנדי ) , located in the Mateh Yehuda Region near Jerusalem , Israel , is a memorial to John F. Kennedy , the 35th President of the United States , who was assassinated in Dallas , Texas in 1963 .
Mowtowr - e Abdol Ghani Bahader ( Persian : موتورعبدالغني بهادرئ‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAbdol Ghanī Bahāder '' ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Choratan ( Armenian : Չորաթան , also Romanized as Ch’orat’an ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Kuktosh ( Persian : کوکتاش‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Bambili - Dingila Airport ( ICAO : FZKB ) is an airstrip serving the towns of Bambili and Dingila in Orientale Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Abaújvár is a village in northeastern Hungary , next to the Slovakian border .
The Allemanskraal Dam is a dam in the Free State province of South Africa , on the Sand River .
Vusanje ( Albanian : Vuthaj , Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic : Вусање ) is a small town in Montenegro , located southwest of the town of Plav .
The Vânători - Neamț Natural Park ( Romanian : Parcul Natural Vânători Neamţ ) is situated in north - east Romania , in Neamţ County .
Mount Akhun ( Ахун ) is a stand - alone mountain in the Khostinsky City District of Sochi , Russia .
The river Kongeå ( in German Königs Au ) defines the border between Northern and Southern Jutland in Jutland in Denmark .
Falanthos ( Greek : Φάλανθος ) is a former municipality in Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
The Björketorp Runestone ( DR 360 U ) in Blekinge , Sweden , is part of a grave field which includes menhirs , both solitary and forming stone circles .
Vanj District or Nohiya - i Vanj ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Ванҷ / Persian : ناحیۀ ونج‎ ) is a district in east Tajikistan , in the north - west of the Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province , with administrative capital Vanj .
Aéroport Charles de Gaulle 2 TGV is a major passenger railway station in Tremblay - en - France , Paris , France .
Siolokaha is a village in northern Ivory Coast .
The Calico Museum of Textiles is located in the city of Ahmedabad in the state of Gujarat in western India .
Daşoguz ( Russian : Дашогу́з , also Dashoguz , Dasoguz ; roughly `` stone spring '' in Turkmen ) , formerly known as Tashauz ( until 1992 ; Russian : Ташау́з ) and Dashkhovuz ( 1992 - 1999 ; Russian : Дашхову́з ) , is a city in northern Turkmenistan and the capital of Daşoguz Province .
In Guezzam Airport ( IATA : INF , ICAO : DATG ) is an airport near In Guezzam , Algeria .
Chott Melrhir ( Arabic : شط ملغيغ‎ ) also known as Chott Melghir or Chott Melhir is an endorheic salt lake in northeastern Algeria .
Chah - e Haji Jalal ( Persian : چاه حاجی جلال ‎ ) is a village in Shuru Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Krajnik Dolny ( ˈkrai̯nik ˈdɔlnɨ ) ( German : Niederkränig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Tanguélan ( also spelled Tenguélan ) is a town in eastern Ivory Coast .
The Ukrainian Physics and Mathematics Lyceum ( UPML ) is a boarding high school and one of the few science magnet schools in Ukraine .
Mahen Theatre was proclaimed as one of the National Technical Monuments of the Czech Republic .
Tootsi is a borough ( Estonian : alev ) in southwestern Estonia .
San Pietro di Rovereto is a village in Italy that lies on a ridge that descends to the Mediterranean Sea overlooking the Tigullio Gulf and the Promontory of Portofino , Liguria on the picturesque Italian Riviera .
Choragh - e Suz ( Persian : چراغ سوز‎ , also Romanized as Chorāgh - e Sūz ; also known as Chorāk ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Riigikogu ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈriːgikogu ) ; from riigi- , of the state , and kogu , assembly ) is the unicameral parliament of Estonia .
Žebnik ( pronounced ( ˈʒeːbnik ) or ( ʒɛbˈniːk ) ; in older sources also Žibnik , German : Siebeneck ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Radeče in eastern Slovenia .
The Plaza de la Virgen Blanca is one of the oldest meeting points in Vitoria - Gasteiz in the Basque Country of Spain .
Campo de Mayo Airport ( ICAO : SADO ) is a military airport located near San Miguel , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Carpetania was an ancient region of what is today Spain , located between the Guadarrama , the mountains of Toledo , the river Guadiana and the mountain range of Alcaraz , including approximately , the present independent communities of Madrid and Castile - La Mancha .
Jordalsgrenda is a small village in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway , with approximately 60 inhabitants .
Bal Mini ( Persian : بلميني‎ , also Romanized as Bal Mīnī and Bāl Mīnī ; also known as Bāl Mīnī - ye Bālā ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Istiaia ( Greek : Ιστιαία , before 1913 : Ξηροχώρι - Xirochori ) is a town and a former municipality in Euboea , Greece .
Rizehvand ( Persian : ريزه وند‎ , also Romanized as Rīzehvand ; also known as Rīzehvand - e Būlī ) is a village in Boli Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
University of Patras ( UPatras ; Greek : Πανεπιστήμιο Πατρών , Panepistímio Patrón ) is a public university in Patras , Greece .
St. John 's Church , Peshawar , Pakistan , is the oldest in that city , constructed between 1851 and 1860 .
Attock Khurd railway station ( Urdu : اٹک خرد ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located at Attock Khurd village , Attock district , Punjab province , Pakistan .
Obvodny Canal ( Russian : Обводный канал , lit . Bypass Canal ) is the longest canal in Saint Petersburg , Russia , which in the 19th century served as the southern limit of the city .
Thun ( French : Thoune ) is a city and municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland with about 43,783 inhabitants ( around 90,000 in the agglomeration ) , as of 31 December 2013 .
Bystrzek ( ˈbɨstʂɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fadam ( Persian : فدم‎ ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Riebeek West ( Afrikaans : Riebeek - Wes ) is a small town situated 5 km from Riebeek Kasteel and about 75 km north - east of Cape Town in the Swartland area of the Western Cape , South Africa .
Sayak Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Sayak , Cebuano : Tugpahanan sa Sayak ) ( IATA : IAO , ICAO : RPNS ) , also known as Siargao Airport , is an airport serving the general area of Siargao Island , located in the province of Surigao del Norte in the Philippines .
Skomvær Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Skomvær fyr ) is a former coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Røst in Nordland county , Norway .
The Head of the River Amstel ( Dutch : Kampioenschap van de Amstel ) is a rowing race held annually on the river Amstel in Amsterdam , Netherlands on the 8 km track from Amsterdam to Ouderkerk aan de Amstel .
The A - League is a professional men 's soccer league , run by Football Federation Australia ( FFA ) .
Báo Quốc Pagoda ( Vietnamese : Chùa Báo Quốc ) is a Buddhist temple in the historic city of Huế in central Vietnam .
Nida Airport ( ICAO : EYND ) is a small regional airport , opened in 1967 , located in Nida , in the western part of Lithuania , near the Baltic Sea and Klaipėda .
Throughout much of the late 20th century , Mastroberardino was considered the flag bearer of quality winemaking for southern Italy with wine experts Joe Bastianich and David Lynch noting that the winery 's Radici wine from the Taurasi DOCG `` essentially started the red - wine revolution of the Italian south . ''
Melangata Station is a pastoral lease that has operated as a goat transhipment location , as well as sheep station in Western Australia .
Bukowno ( buˈkɔvnɔ ) is a town in Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with 10,564 inhabitants ( 2008 ) .
The Brunecker Turm ( Italian : Mur del Pisciadù Occidentale ; German : Brunecker Turm ) is a mountain belonging to the Sella group in the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Kalab - e Ahmad ( Persian : كلاب احمد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāb - e Aḩmad ; also known as Kalāb ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Belmond Grand Hotel Europe ( Russian : Гранд Отель Европа ; known as Hotel Evropeiskaya during the Soviet period ) vies with Corinthia Hotel St. Petersburg and Hotel Astoria for the title of the most luxurious five - star hotel in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
International House London is a language school in Covent Garden , London , United Kingdom owned by International House Trust .
Borgo a Mozzano is a town and comune in the province of Lucca , in northern Tuscany ( Italy ) , located on the Serchio River .
Museum Wiesbaden is a museum in the Hessian capital Wiesbaden , Germany .
Srednje Gameljne ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdnjɛ ˈɡaːməlnɛ ) ) lies north of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Edøy Church ( Norwegian : Edøy kirke ) is a parish church in Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Rinatya ( Hebrew : רִנַּתְיָה ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Bluefish Caves is an archaeological site in Yukon , Canada , located 54 kilometres ( 34 mi ) southwest of the Vuntut Gwichin community of Old Crow , from which a specimen of allegedly human - worked mammoth bone has been radiocarbon dated to 28,000 years before present ( y.b.p . )
Otyń ( ˈɔtɨɲ ) ( German : Deutsch - Wartenberg ) is a village in Nowosolski County , Poland .
Ģibuļi parish ( Latvian : Ģibuļu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Talsi District , Latvia .
Port Hope Simpson , population 529 ( 2006 ) , is a town located on the southeastern Labrador coast , 215 kilometres from the Quebec / Labrador border in Canada .
Sanabes ( Arabic : سنابس‎ ) is one of the villages in Tarut Island , the second biggest island that is located on the east coast Saudi Arabia in the Persian Gulf .
Innova Junior College ( Abbreviation : IJC ) is a government co - educational ' A'-level preparatory junior college located in Woodlands , Singapore .
Miestodržiteľský palác ( Vice Governor 's palace in Bratislava ) is an old and historically important building , located in capital of Slovakia , Bratislava , in the Main Square , Old Town .
Badachyovo ( Russian : Бадачёво ) is a village in Vesyegonsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Espid ( Persian : اسپيد‎ , also Romanized as Espīd ) is a village in Tabas - e Masina Rural District , Gazik District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Colonarie is a town in the east of the island of Saint Vincent in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Yu Da University ( YDU ; Chinese : 育達科技大學 ) is a private university in Zaoqiao Township , Miaoli County , Taiwan .
Cessnock Airport ( IATA : CES , ICAO : YCNK ) is a civil airport located 6 km ( 4 mi ) ( by road ) north of Cessnock , New South Wales , Australia .
Kato Karyes ( Greek : Κάτω Καρυές , before 1976 : Καλύβια Καρυών - Kalyvia Karyon ) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli , Arcadia , Greece .
Smolyachkovo ( Russian : Смолячково ; Finnish : Luutahäntä ) is a municipal settlement in Kurortny District of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia , located on the Karelian Isthmus on the northern shore of the Gulf of Finland .
Samern is a community in the district of Grafschaft Bentheim in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Shara District ( Persian : بخش شرا‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Kjemåvatnet ( Lule Sami : Giebbnejávrre ) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Saltdal in Nordland county , Norway .
Gunpo ( 군포 ) , formerly romanized as Kunp'o , is a small city in South Korea 's Gyeonggi Province , located south of Seoul in the Seoul National Capital Area .
Kato Platres ( Greek : Κάτω Πλάτρες ) also known as Tornarides is a mountainous village in Cyprus .
Azovmash Arena ( Ukrainian : Азовмаш Арена ) is an Indoor sports arena at Mariupol , Ukraine .
Ærø Municipality is a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) occupying the island of Ærø in southern Denmark .
Piramanoor Shree Kailasha Nathar Temple is an ancient Shiva / Siva temple(now under renovation ) in Piramanoor , a village in Tiruppuvanam Taluk , Sivaganga district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Daŭhinava ( Belarusian : Даўгінава ; Russian : Долгиново ; Polish : Dołhinów ; Yiddish : דאלהינאוו ) is a village in the Vileyka Raion , Minsk Region , Belarus .
Ameland Airport ( Dutch : Vliegveld Ameland ) ( ICAO : EHAL ) , also known as Ameland Airport Ballum , is a small general aviation airport located near the town of Ballum on the western part of the island of Ameland , one of the West Frisian Islands in the Netherlands .
Crvena Crkva ( Serbian Cyrillic : Црвена Црква , meaning Red Church ) is a village in Serbia .
Sesriem is a small settlement located in the Namib Desert , in Namibia , close to the southern end of the Naukluft Mountains .
Hrovača ( pronounced ( xɾɔˈʋaːtʃa ) ; German : Krobatsch ) is a settlement immediately to the southeast of the town of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Taghit ( Arabic : ﺗﺎﻏﻴﺖ‎ ) is a town and commune in Taghit District , Béchar Province , in western Algeria .
Robatu ( Persian : رباطو‎ , also Romanized as Robāţū ) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Amsel Falls ( German : Amselfall ) are a waterfall in Saxon Switzerland in East Germany , roughly a kilometre north of the famous Bastei crags .
Bystrzanowice - Dwór ( bɨstʂanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdvur ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pisanki ( piˈsaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ballina Byron Gateway Airport ( IATA : BNK , ICAO : YBNA ) is a small regional airport located at Ballina , New South Wales , Australia .
The Dobrotiva Formation is a fossil formation situated in the North West of the Czech Republic .
Mulinu'u is a small village situated on a tiny peninsula on Upolu island in Samoa .
Vinjani Donji or Donji Vinjani is a village near Imotski , Croatia ; population 2,169 ( census 2011 ) .
Shamshadin is a historical region of Armenia and rayon of Armenian SSR .
ImPulsTanz Vienna International Dance Festival is a major contemporary dance festival held in Vienna , Austria each year .
Bowen Secondary School is a government school in Singapore .
Fetsund forms the center of the municipality Fet in the county of Akershus , Norway .
Polje pri Tržišču ( pronounced ( ˈpoːljɛ pɾi təɾˈʒiːʃtʃu ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Navegacion y Servicios Aéreos Canarios , better known by its initialism NAYSA , is a regional airline based in Las Palmas , Gran Canaria , Spain .
Fakhrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان فخررود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Chapada das Mangabeiras is a mountain range in central Brazil .
Śliwnik ( ˈɕlivnik ) ( German : Schadendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małomice , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Krzykały ( kʂɨˈkawɨ ) ( German : Krickhausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jiji Station ( Chinese : 集集車站 ; pinyin : Jíjí Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Jiji Line located in Jiji Township , Nantou County , Taiwan .
MacPherson MRT Station ( CC10/DT26 ) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line and the future Downtown Line , expected to be opened by 2017 , in Singapore .
The Friedhof II der Sophiengemeinde Berlin is a Protestant cemetery of the Sophienkirche in Berlin - Mitte , Germany .
Gourhel ( Breton : Gourhael ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Foveaux Strait ( Māori : Te Ara a Kiwa ) separates Stewart Island / Rakiura , New Zealand 's third largest island , from the South Island .
Tarakmeh ( Persian : تركمه‎ ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The State 8 is a peakbagging list of the highest peaks in each of Australia 's states :
The Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee ( VSaW ) ( meaning : `` Sailing house by the Wann Lake Union '' ) is the second oldest yacht club in Germany after Segelclub RHE .
Kilmaleery ( Irish : Cill Mhaoilfhithrigh ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Bretteville - sur - Odon is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Normandy region in northwestern France .
Gutiérrez Lake ( Spanish : Lago Gutiérrez ) is a lake of the lake region of northern Patagonia in the province of Río Negro , in Argentina .
Ganjeolgot is a park and popular tourist destination in Seosaeng - myeon , Ulju County , Ulsan , South Korea .
Armenian cemetery in Hyderabad , India also Uppuguda Armenian cemetery is a three - hundred - year - old cemetery , belongs from Qutb Shahi period .
Khudunabari refugee camp ( Nepali : खुदुनाबारी शरणार्थी शिविर ; Khudunābārī śaraṇārthī śivira ) , located to the northwest of Sanischare , Kosi , Nepal , is home to some 10,688 Bhutanese refugees .
Arena Khimki ( Russian : `` Арена Химки '' ) is a football stadium in Khimki , Moscow Region , Russia .
Arjeplog ( Pite Sami : Árjepluovve ) is a locality and the seat of Arjeplog Municipality in Norrbotten County , province of Lapland , Sweden with 1,977 inhabitants in 2010 .
Moekeshiwan , also known as Lvinaya Past ( Russian : Львиная Пасть , literally `` Lion 's Jaw '' ) , is a volcano in the southern part of Iturup in the Kuril Islands , claimed by both Japan and Russia .
The Wellington Botanic Garden , Wellington , New Zealand , covers 25 hectares of land on the side of the hill between Thorndon and Kelburn , near central Wellington .
Alıcqışlaq ( also , Alıçqışlaq , Alychkyshlak , and Alydzhkyshlakh ) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Dungourney ( Irish : Dún Guairne , meaning `` Guairne 's fort '' ) is a village in County Cork , Ireland on the R627 regional road 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) northeast of Midleton .
Valtimo ( literally `` artery '' ) is a municipality of Finland .
The Apostolic Prefecture of Kompong Cham is a territorial subdivision of the Roman Catholic Church in Cambodia .
Leokadiów ( lɛɔˈkadjuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mach'ayniyuq ( Quechua mach'ay cave , -ni , -yuq suffixes , `` the one with a cave ( or caves ) '' , also spelled Machayniocc ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru high , about 4,600 m ( 15,092 ft ) .
The Diocese of Qu'Appelle in the Anglican Church of Canada lies in the southern third of the civil province of Saskatchewan and contains within its geographical boundaries some 50 % of the province 's population of one million .
Gheorghe Șincai National College ( Romanian : Colegiul Naţional `` Gheorghe Şincai '' ) is a public day high school for grades 9 to 12 in Baia Mare , Romania , attended by some 900 pupils aged 14 to 19 .
Jerzmanowa ( jɛʐmaˈnɔva ) ( German : Hermsdorf ) is a village in Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sarıabalı , Serik is a small village in the District of Serik , Antalya Province , Turkey .
Abirim ( Hebrew : אַבִּירִים , lit . Knights ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
The Irene River is a river of New Zealand , flowing into Charles Sound , Fiordland .
Ivittuut , formerly Ivigtût ( Kalaallisut : `` Grassy Place '' , ) is an abandoned mining town near Cape Desolation in southwestern Greenland .
Vitovlje ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːtɔu̯ljɛ ) ) is a small village above Šempas in the Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia .
Belmond Reid 's Palace ( aka Reid 's Palace ) is a historic hotel located to the west of Funchal Bay in Madeira ( Portugal ) , in an imposing position looking out over the Atlantic Ocean .
Hire Benakal ( or Hirebenakal ) is a megalithic site in the state of Karnataka , India .
Eicher School is a school in the Faridabad district in the state of Haryana , India , with 2,000 students and 90 teachers .
Berkel en Rodenrijs ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbɛrkəl ən ˈroːdə(n)rɛi̯s ) ) is a town and former municipality in the western part of the Netherlands , and is located in the Dutch province of Zuid - Holland .
Gmina Pieniężno is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Oberbruch Industry Park ( German : Industriepark Oberbruch ) , is a former 110-hectare ( 270-acre ) site of Akzo Nobel in Heinsberg , Germany 's most western district , near the Dutch border .
Mainz Cathedral or St. Martin 's Cathedral ( German : Mainzer Dom , Martinsdom or , officially , Der Hohe Dom zu Mainz ) is located near the historical center and pedestrianized market square of the city of Mainz , Germany .
Tell Tweini is an archaeological site located 1 kilometers east of the modern city of Jableh , Syria .
Burwood One ( formerly known as Kmart Plaza and originally Kmart Burwood ) is a sub regional shopping centre located in the eastern suburb of Burwood East in the city of Melbourne , Australia .
Lavinio Lido di Enea is a small sea side tourist town in the Lazio region of Italy , 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southwest of Rome .
Gwadar ( Balochi : گوادر Gwadur ) is a port city on the southwestern coast of Pakistan 's Balochistan province where the Arabian Sea meets the Persian Gulf just outside the Strait of Hormuz near key shipping routes in and out of the Persian Gulf .
Garrafe de Torío ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ɡaˈrafe ðe toˈɾi.o ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
The Kungsporten Church ( Swedish : Kungsportskyrkan ) is a church building in Öxnehaga in Huskvarna , Sweden .
Juxtlahuaca District is located in the southwest of the Mixteca Region of the State of Oaxaca , Mexico .
Kozja Luka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Козја Лука ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Črešnjice nad Pijavškim ( pronounced ( ˈtʃɾeːʃnjitsɛ nat piˈjaːu̯ʃkim ) ; German : Kerschdorf ) is a small settlement in the hills above Gornje Pijavško on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Burlada ( Basque : Burlata ) is a municipality in Navarre province , Spain on the outskirts of the city of Pamplona .
Vredendal is a town in the northern Olifants River Valley in the Western Cape province of South Africa , with a population ( according to the 2001 census ) of 16,164 people .
The Moqua Well is a small underground lake , in Nauru .
East Cape is the easternmost point of the main islands of New Zealand .
FC Myllypuro is a football club from Myllypuro , Helsinki , Finland .
Monterreal Castle is a castle in Ría de Vigo and the valley of Miño , Galicia , Spain .
Intepe is a sub - district of the central ( Çanakkale ) district of Çanakkale Province , Turkey .
Shahrikand ( Persian : شهري كند‎ , also Romanized as Shahrīkand and Shahrī Kand ) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Santa Maria Egiziaca a Forcella ( or church of Santa Maria Egiziaca all'Olmo ) is a Baroque style church in Naples , Italy ; located in the quartiere di Forcella .
The Loan Council is an Australian Commonwealth - State ministerial council that coordinates public sector borrowing , comprising the Commonwealth of Australia and the states and mainland territories , New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland , Western Australia , South Australia , Tasmania the Australian Capital Territory , and the Northern Territory .
Cerro El Cóndor is a stratovolcano in Argentina .
Mezőkövesd ( ˈmɛzøːkøvɛʒd ) is a town in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Northern Hungary .
The Caraiman Peak is a mountain peak located in Romania , in the Bucegi Mountains of the Southern Carpathians .
Torronsuo National Park ( Finnish : Torronsuon kansallispuisto ) is a national park in the Tavastia Proper region of Finland .
The Bell Telephone Memorial , also known as the Bell Memorial , is a monument commemorating the invention of the telephone by Alexander Graham Bell in July 1874 at his parents ' home , Melville House , in Brantford , Ontario , Canada .
Amin Maktab , established in 1961 , is a special education center for mentally challenged children located in Gulberg , Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
Monte Sacro ( Latin : Mons Sacer ) is a hill in Rome , Italy on the banks of the river Aniene , some kilometres to the north - east of the Campidoglio .
St. Patrick 's Christian Brothers College , Bulawayo ( commonly referred to as Christian Brothers College or CBC ) is a private multiracial boys - only high school located in Bulawayo , Zimbabwe .
Marl Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the Trans - Canada Highway 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of Golden in the Rocky Mountain Trench .
Sukhobuzimskoye ( Russian : Сухобу́зимское ) is a rural locality a selo ) and the administrative center of Sukhobuzimsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia , located 70 kilometers ( 43 mi ) from Krasnoyarsk .
The Montezuma Falls ( formerly Osbourne Falls ) , a horsetail waterfall on a minor tributary to the Pieman River , is located on the West Coast Range of Tasmania , Australia .
The Canton of Yerres is a French administrative division , located in the arrondissement of Évry , in the Essonne département ( Île - de - France région ) .
Tais cloth is a form of traditional weaving created by the women of East Timor .
Mont Glacier is a mountain in the Graian Alps , in the Aosta Valley , north - western Italy , approximately 30 km / 19 miles for the border with Switzerland .
Henduri ( Persian : هندوري‎ , also Romanized as Hendūrī ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Xunke County ( simplified Chinese : 逊克县 ; traditional Chinese : 遜克縣 ; pinyin : Xùnkè Xiàn ) is a county of northern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Nahapetavan ( Armenian : Նահապետավան , also Romanized as Nagapetavan ; until 1935 , Khachakilisa , from 1935 to 1961 , Paros ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Dunnville Secondary School is a public high school in Dunnville , Ontario , Canada .
Qaleh Za ( Persian : قلعه زا‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Zā ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 4 families .
Bitkine is a small city in the center of Chad .
The City of Newtown was a local government area about 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) west of the regional city of Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Sittard ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsɪtɑrt ) ; Limburgish : Zitterd ) is a city in the Netherlands , situated in the southernmost province of Limburg .
The Großer Sonnblick or Malteiner Sonnblick , a mountain with a height of 3,030 m above sea level ( AA ) , is a peak in the Ankogel Group of the Hohe Tauern range in Austria .
The Canal through Zuid - Beveland in the southwest Netherlands is the western of the two canals crossing Zuid - Beveland .
Col d'Izoard ( 2,360 m ( 7,743 ft ) ) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Hautes - Alpes in France .
Olganowo ( ɔlɡaˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Olgenheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mirza Hesari ( Persian : ميرزاحصاري‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā Ḩeşārī ) is a village in Sofalgaran Rural District , Lalejin District , Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Mannarkkad , formerly known as Mannarghat , is a town in the Palakkad district of Kerala State , South India .
Marsarud ( Persian : مرسارود‎ , also Romanized as Marsārūd ) is a village in Tulem Rural District , Tulem District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Pnyx ( /nɪks , pəˈnɪks/ ; Ancient Greek : Πνύξ ; Modern Greek : Πνύκα , Pnyka ) is a hill in central Athens , the capital of Greece .
Ali Doro is the smallest town in Semien Shewa zone , in the Oromiya region of Ethiopia .
Ministry of Transport and Telecommunications ( Spanish : Ministerio de Transportes y Telecomunicaciones ) is a government ministry of Chile .
Najag ( Persian : ناجگ‎ , also Romanized as Nājag and Najg ; also known as Nājak and Najak ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Emmerich Rhine Bridge ( German : Rheinbrücke Emmerich ) is a suspension bridge located in Emmerich am Rhein , Germany .
Goa Science Centre is a division of the National Council of Science Museums(NCSM ) , which is a project headed by the Ministry of Culture to set up multiple science learning centres all of India .
The Karolinska University Hospital ( Swedish : Karolinska Universitetssjukhuset ) is a university hospital in Stockholm , Sweden , with two major sites in the municipalities of Huddinge and Solna .
Minerva Gymnasium ( or Minervagymnasium ) is an independent upper secondary school in Umeå , Sweden .
Wasseramt District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated to the south of the canton .
Amankənd ( also , Əmənkənd and Armen - Keno ) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Krašnja ( pronounced ( ˈkɾaːʃnja ) ; German : Kraxen ) is a village in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Madum Lake ( Danish : Madum Sø ) is the largest lake in the Himmerland peninsula of Jutland , Denmark .
El Palmar National Park ( in Spanish , Parque Nacional El Palmar ) is one of Argentina 's national parks , located on the center - west of the province of Entre Ríos , mid - way between the cities of Colón ( 54 km ) and Concordia ( 60 km ) .
Stepantsminda ( Georgian : სტეფანწმინდა ; formerly Kazbegi , ყაზბეგი ) , is a small town in the Mtskheta - Mtianeti region of north - eastern Georgia .
Heeswijk Castle has played a crucial role in the history of the Netherlands .
Soroca Fortress ( Romanian : Cetatea Soroca ) is a historic fort in the Republic of Moldova , in the modern - day city of Soroca .
Hesselberg ( 689 m above sea level ) is the highest point in Middle Franconia and the Franconian Jura and is situated 60 km south west of Nuremberg , Germany .
The Spoken Word Youth Choir ( SWYC ) of Edmonton , Canada , is a professional spoken word performance choir , directed by Gail Sidonie Sobat .
Kitee Airfield ( IATA : KTQ , ICAO : EFIT ) is an aerodrome in Kitee , Finland .
Zavidovići is a town and municipality in Eastern - central Bosnia and Herzegovina , located between Doboj and Zenica on the confluence of rivers Bosna , Krivaja and Gostović .
Hashmat Medical and Dental College ( Urdu:حشمت میڈیکل اینڈ ڈینٹل کالج ) was a medical and dental school situated in Jalalpur Jattan , in the district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Djursholm Castle ( Djursholms slott ) is a castle in Sweden .
The Helmand River ( also spelled Helmend , Helmund , Hirmand ; Pashto / Persian : هیرمند , هلمند Hīrmand , Helmand , Greek : Ἐτύμανδρος ( Etýmandros ) , Latin : Erymandrus ) is the longest river in Afghanistan and the primary watershed for the endorheic Sistan Basin .
The Kaohsiung MRT Wukuaicuo Station ( Chinese : 五塊厝站 ) is a station on the Orange Line in Lingya District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Oppenberg could refer to a municipality in the district of Liezen in Styria , Austria .
Wat That Noi ( ' Little Stupa Temple ' ; Thai : วัดธาตุน้อย. Sometimes วัดน้อย or ' Little Temple ' ) is a ruined temple of the Wiang Kum Kam archaeological area , outside of Chiang Mai in northern Thailand , so named because of its relatively restricted scale .
information and map for Tovena , Italy WikiMapia content for San Boldo Pass
Nüsomurya ( also , Nesamur’ya and Nyusomur’ya ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Queen Margaret University , Asia Campus is an off - shore campus of Scotland 's Queen Margaret University in Singapore , and the first offshore campus by any British Institution in the Republic .
The Jardin des Arômes is a botanical garden specializing in aromatic plants , located along the Promenade de la Digue , Nyons , Drôme , Rhône - Alpes , France .
Grevenbroich ( German pronunciation : ( ˌɡʁeːvənˈbʁoːx ) ; known as the `` Capital of Energy '' ) is a town in the Rhein - Kreis Neuss , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Empress Walk is a large condominum and retail complex at the intersection of Yonge Street and Empress Avenue in the North York Centre area of the city of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Shani Peak is a mountain in the south of Naltar Pass in the Gilgit District of Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Dalgan County ( Persian : شهرستان دَلگان‎ ) is a county in Sistan and Baluchestan province , Iran .
Santa Clara de Olimar is a small town in the Treinta y Tres Department of eastern Uruguay .
Pugled pri Starem Logu ( pronounced ( ˈpuːɡlɛt pɾi ˈstaːɾɛm ˈloːɡu ) ; also formerly Pogled , German : Hohenberg , Gottscheerish : Hoachnparg ) is an abandoned settlement in the hills north of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Rhenosterkop Dam is combined gravity and arch type dam in Mpumalanga Province , South Africa .
Calaburras Lighthouse ( Spanish : Faro de Calaburras ) is a lighthouse located at the coastal point known as Punta de Calaburras near Mijas , Málaga province , ( Spain ) .
Nyuksenitsa ( Russian : Нюксеница ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Nyuksensky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Sukhona River .
Mtiuleti ( Georgian : მთიულეთი ; literally , `` the land of mountains '' ) is a historical province in eastern Georgia , on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountains .
Gare de Villaines is an unmanned halt in Villaines - sous - Bois ( Val d'Oise department ) , France .
Murmuri Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مورمورئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kalat District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Glarus Nord is one of three municipalities of the canton of Glarus , Switzerland ( the others being Glarus and Glarus Süd ) .
Tukino ski field is located on the eastern face of Mount Ruapehu , in the central area of the North Island , New Zealand .
The Raid at Cabanatuan , also known as The Great Raid , was a rescue of Allied prisoners of war ( POWs ) and civilians from a Japanese camp near Cabanatuan City , in the Philippines .
The Rovčani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ровчани , pronounced ( rǒ̞ːʋt͡ʃaːni ) ) are a Serbian clan living in Montenegro , one of seven highlander tribes ( of the Brda region ) , alongside the Bjelopavlići , Piperi , Kuči , Bratonozići , Moračani ( Lower and Upper ) , and Vasojevići .
La Mosquitia is the easternmost part of Honduras along the Mosquito Coast , which extends into northeastern Nicaragua .
It is located in Florence , Italy , and was formerly called the American International School of Florence ) .
Sungai Gadut Komuter station is a station in Sungai Gadut , Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia .
Srebrinovo ( Bulgarian : Сребриново ) is a village in the Panagyurishte municipality of western Bulgaria .
Ashtarjan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اشترجان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Central District , Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Christianskirkjan ( Christian 's Church ) is a modern church building in Klaksvík , the second - largest town in the Faroe Islands .
Kaçanik Gorge ( Albanian : Gryka e Kaçanikut , Serbian : Качаничка клисура/Kačanička klisura ) is a gorge located in southern Kosovo , stretching between the town of Kaçanik and the Macedonian border , with the Lepenac River running through it .
Zvanika is a village in Kardzhali Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern Bulgaria .
The Marina Reservoir ( Chinese : 濱海蓄水池 ) is a reservoir in Marina Bay , Singapore formed in 2008 by the damming of the mouth of the Kallang Basin .
Dachnów ( ˈdaxnuf ) ( Ukrainian : Дахнів , Dakhniv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszanów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Dasht - e Ahmad ( Persian : دشت احمد‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Aḩmad ) is a village in Kushk - e Qazi Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Inishmore Aerodrome is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) southeast of Cill Rónáin ( English : Kilronan ) , a town on the island of Inis Mór ( Inishmore ) , one of the Aran Islands off the coast of County Galway in Ireland .
The Cinemalaya Philippine Independent Film Festival is a film festival in the Philippines held annually during the months of July and August at the Cultural Center of the Philippines .
Bahreh - ye Ruzeh ( Persian : بهره روزه‎ , also Romanized as Bahreh - ye Rūzeh ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Puttalam Hindu Central College ( Tamil : புத்தளம் இந்து மத்திய கல்லூரி Puttaḷam intu mattiya kallūri , PHCC ) is a national school in Puttalam , Sri Lanka It was founded in 1979 by the late Nadaraja Devar and the late Ratnasingam .
The Port of Yantai is a seaport on the Bohai Sea in the vicinity of Yantai , Shandong , People 's Republic of China .
Kubuta Airfield ( ICAO : FDKS / FDKB ) is an airstrip serving Kubuta , an Inkhundla in Swaziland .
Paiján is a town in Northern Peru , capital of the district of Paiján of Ascope Province in the region La Libertad .
Matthew 's Ridge is a small town within the Barima - Waini administrative region of Guyana .
Islamkot ( Urdu : اِسلامكوٹ‎ ) , ( Sindhi : اسلام کوٽ ) is a town in the Tharparkar District in Sindh , Pakistan .
Gulane ( Somali : Guulane ) is a town in the southeastern Middle Shebelle ( Shabeellaha Dhexe ) region of Somalia .
Lebowa was a bantustan ( `` homeland '' ) located in the Transvaal in north eastern South Africa .
The Qutb complex ( Hindi : कुत्ब , Urdu : قطب‎ ) , also spelled Qutab ( Hindi : क़ुतब , Urdu : قطب‎ ) or Qutub ( Hindi : क़ुतुब , Urdu : قطب‎ ) , is an array of monuments and buildings at Mehrauli in Delhi , India .
Kremeni Do ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кремени До ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Rotterdam The Hague Airport ( formerly Rotterdam Airport , Vliegveld Zestienhoven in Dutch ) , ( IATA : RTM , ICAO : EHRD ) located 3 NM ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) north northwest of Rotterdam , is the Netherlands ' third largest airport .
Art & Project ( 1968 - 2001 ) was a leading contemporary art gallery in Amsterdam and Slootdorp , the Netherlands , as well as an influential art magazine published by the gallery between 1968 and 1989 .
Təkəqayası ( also , Tekekayasy ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Madhapar is a large village located in the south western Kutch district in the state of Gujarat , India .
Gandoman District ( Persian : بخش گندمان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Borujen County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Sankt Martin i m Innkreis is a municipality in Ried i m Innkreis District , in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
The Battle of Waterloo reenactment is an annual modern recreation of the 19th century Battle of Waterloo on the original battlefield in Waterloo , Belgium .
Henderson Bay is a bay on the Aupouri Peninsula , near the very top of the North Island in New Zealand .
Juršinci ( pronounced ( ˈjuːɾʃintsi ) ) is a settlement and a small municipality in northeastern Slovenia .
The Battle for Cebu City was a major engagement of World War II that occurred between March 26 and April 8 , 1945 , during the second Philippines Campaign .
Kabile ( Bulgarian : Кабиле ) , Cabyle , or Kabyle is a village in southeastern Bulgaria , part of the Tundzha municipality , Yambol Province .
Prymorsk ( Ukrainian : Приморськ ) is a city in Zaporizhia Oblast , Ukraine .
Kalach - na - Donu ( Russian : Кала́ч-на-Дону́ ) , or Kalach - on - the - Don , is a town and the administrative center of Kalachyovsky District in Volgograd Oblast , Russia , located on the Don River , 72 kilometers ( 45 mi ) west of Volgograd , the administrative center of the oblast .
The Sarawak United Peoples ' Party , or SUPP ( Chinese : 砂拉越人民联合党 ; Malay : Parti Rakyat Bersatu Sarawak ; Iban : Gerempong Ra'ayat Sa'ati Sarawak ) is a political party in Malaysia .
Munster ( Irish : an Mhumhain / Cúige Mumhan , pronounced ( ə ˈvuːnʲ ) , ( ˌkuːgʲə ˈmuːn ) ) is one of the provinces of Ireland situated in the south of Ireland .
Topol pri Begunjah ( pronounced ( ˈtɔːpɔu̯ pɾi ˈbeːɡunjax ) ) is a village east of Begunje in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Bau Airport ( ICAO : FZFF ) is an airport serving Bau , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Dərk ( also , Derk ) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nusco is a town and comune in the province of Avellino ( Campania region ) in the south of Italy , east of Naples , with c. 4,400 inhabitants .
Mraclin is a village in Croatia near city of Velika Gorica .
Quri Bolagh ( Persian : قوري بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Qūrī Bolāgh ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Botunje ( Serbian : Ботуње ) is a village in Pivara , Kragujevac municipality in the Šumadija District of central Serbia .
Wiesmoor liesaround 30 km inland from the North Sea in the North West of Germany in the centre of the historic district East Frisia .
Cheonghaejin ( literally `` Blue sea headquarters '' ) was a major military headquarters and trading hub located on Wando island , South Jeolla province of South Korea , and established by Korean general Jang Bogo in 828 ACE during the Silla kingdom period .
Cervione Cathedral ( Pro - cathédrale Saint - Erasme de Cervione ) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral in Cervione on the island of Corsica , and a national monument of France .
Qumi ( Persian : قومي‎ , also Romanized as Qūmī ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Zoğalbulaq ( Armenian : Դրախտիկ Drakhtik , Trakhtik , and Traxtik ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan and Hadrut Province of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic .
Athamanika or Tzoumerka ( Greek : Αθαμανικά or Τζουμέρκα ) is a mountain range in northwestern Greece , part of the wider Pindus mountain range .
Kokorina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кокорина ) is a village in Istočni Mostar municipality , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Association for Citizenship Teaching ( ACT ) is a professional subject association in the United Kingdom for those involved in citizenship education .
Halebidu ( literally `` old city '' ) is located in Hassan District , Karnataka , India .
Namiun Anjil Si - ye Chahar ( Persian : نميون انجيل سي4‎ , also Romanized as Namīūn Ānjīl Sī - ye Chahār ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kaikamba ( Kannada : ಕೈಕಂಬ)formerly known as Kandavara is an urban town of Mangalore , Karnataka State , West coast of India .
Hai - Sukhodilski ( Ukrainian : Гаї-Суходільські ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
After the city 's incorporation into the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , some of Smolensk 's boyars ( e.g. , the Sapiehas ) moved to Vilnius ; descendants of the ruling princes ( e.g. , the Tatishchevs , Kropotkins , Mussorgskys , Vyazemskys ) fled to Moscow .
Güneyyurt is a belde ( town ) in Karaman Province , Turkey
Guadix , a city of southern Spain , in the province of Granada ; on the left bank of the river Guadix , a sub - tributary of the Guadiana Menor , and on the Madrid - Valdepeñas - Almería railway .
Frobisher Lake is a lake in northern Saskatchewan , Canada , located between Turnor Lake and Churchill Lake .
The Berufsgenossenschaftliches Universitätsklinikum Bergmannsheil , full German name `` Berufsgenossenschaftliches Universitätsklinikum Bergmannsheil GmbH '' , also referred to as `` Bergmannsheil '' , formerly known as `` Bergbau - Berufsgenossenschaftliche Krankenanstalten Bergmannsheil '' , is a large teaching hospital in Bochum ( NRW , Germany ) .
Pupping is a municipality in the district of Eferding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
Białowieża ( bʲawɔˈvʲɛʐa ) ( Belarusian : Белавежа Biełavieža , Lithuanian : Bialovieža , Russian : Беловежская Belovezhskaya ) is a village in Poland , in Podlaskie Voivodeship , in the middle of Białowieża Forest , of which it is a namesake .
Babaabad ( Persian : بابااباد‎ , also Romanized as Bābāābād ) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Helen Falls is a waterfall on the Lady Evelyn River within Lady Evelyn - Smoothwater Provincial Park in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Koszarawa ( kɔʂaˈrava ) is a village in Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Grotniki Duże ( ɡrɔtˈniki ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Lastarria , also known as Azufre , is a stratovolcano along the border of Argentina ( border of the Catamarca and Salta provinces ) and Chile ( Antofagasta region ) .
Manas National Park or Manas Wildlife Sanctuary ( Pron:ˈmʌnəs ) ( Assamese : মানস ৰাষ্ট্ৰীয় উদ্যান , Manôx Rastriyô Udyan ) is a National Park , UNESCO Natural World Heritage site , a Project Tiger Reserve , an Elephant Reserve and a Biosphere Reserve in Assam , India .
The Château d'Angoulême was a castle in the town of Angoulême , in the Charente département of France .
The Counties ( Detached Parts ) Act 1844 ( 7 & 8 Vict . c. 61 ) , which came into effect on 20 October 1844 , was an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom which eliminated many outliers or exclaves of counties in England and Wales for civil purposes .
SS Penguin was a New Zealand inter - island ferry steamer that sank off Cape Terawhiti near the entrance to Wellington Harbour in poor weather on 12 February 1909 .
Carisbrook ( sometimes incorrectly referred to as Carisbrook Stadium ) was a major sporting venue in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Poltár is a town and municipality in the Poltár District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Chubachu is the central district of Thimphu , Bhutan .
Seròs ( Catalan pronunciation : ( səˈɾɔs ) , locally : ( seˈɾɔs ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Segrià in Catalonia , Spain .
FC Petrocub Hîncești is a Moldovan football club from Sărata - Galbenă , playing in the city of Hîncești , Moldova .
Zhytomyr ( Ukrainian : Жито́мир pronounced ( ʒɪˈtɔmɪr ) , Russian : Жито́мир , Polish : Żytomierz , Yiddish : זשיטאָמיר‎ ) is a city in the north of the western half of Ukraine .
The Autopista AP-61 ( also known as Autopista Segovia - San Rafael ) is an autopista in the province of Segovia , in the community of Castile and León , Spain .
Antoniów - Kolonia ( anˈtɔɲuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Severance Hospital of the Yonsei University Health System is a hospital located in Sinchon - dong , Seodaemun District , South Korea .
Lima Kedai ( Malay : Five Shops ) is a small town in Johor Bahru District , Johor , Malaysia .
The Kulturforum is a collection of cultural buildings in Berlin , Germany .
Sysert ( Russian : Сысе́рть ) is a town and the administrative center of Sysertsky District of Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Sysert River ( Ob basin , right tributary of the Iset ) , 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) south of Yekaterinburg .
The Efjord Bridges ( Norwegian : Efjordbruene ) are a series of three bridges that cross the Efjorden in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county , Norway .
Addis Ababa University ( Amharic : አዲስ አበባ ዩኒቨርሲቲ ? ) is a state university in Addis Ababa , the capital of Ethiopia .
Panza ( sometimes Panza d'Ischia ) is a small town of 7,000 inhabitants on the island of Ischia , Italy .
Molla Sara Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ملاسرا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lot - et - Garonne ( French : ( lɔt‿e ɡaʁɔn ) , Occitan : Òlt e Garona ) is a department in the southwest of France named after the Lot and Garonne rivers .
Pir Bakran ( Persian : پيربكران‎‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Bakrān ; also known as Pīr Bāqerān ; formerly known as Linjan لنجان ) is a city in and the capital of Pir Bakran District , in Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Almendra Dam , also known as Villarino Dam , in Salamanca , Spain , interrupts the course of the River Tormes five kilometres from the village from which it takes its name :
Jaffna ( Tamil : யாழ்ப்பாணம் Yalpanam , Sinhalese : යාපනය Yāpanaya ) is the capital city of the Northern Province of Sri Lanka .
The Centaurus is a mixed use real estate development in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Kalapathar is a village in the Bankura district , West Bengal , India .
Dmosin ( ˈdmɔɕin ) is a village in Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kalvvatnet ( Southern Sami : Gaejsienjaevrie ) is a lake in Norway that lies in Namsskogan municipality in Nord - Trøndelag county and Bindal municipality in Nordland county .
The Taipei City Government ( TCG ; Chinese : 台北市政府 ; pinyin : Táiběi Shì Zhèngfǔ ) is the government that governs Taipei City of Taiwan .
Hansei University ( Korean pronunciation : ( haːnsʰe ) ) is a mid - sized University located in Gunpo City near Seoul , South Korea .
The THSR Yunlin Station ( Chinese : 高鐵雲林站 ; pinyin : Gāotiě Yúnlín Zhàn ) is a station of the Taiwan High Speed Rail located in Huwei Township , Yunlin County , Taiwan .
Westoe is a suburb of South Shields , Tyne & Wear , United Kingdom .
Gornji Ivanjci ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnji iˈʋaːntsi ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills southwest of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
Machaneng Airport ( ICAO : FBMG ) is a military airport located near Machaneng , Botswana .
Santa Mónica is a small town of San José Department in southern Uruguay .
Matemo Island forms part of the pristine Quirimbas Islands and is located northeast of Ibo island , in northern Mozambique , about 100 km from the city of Pemba .
Virolahti ( Swedish : Vederlax ) is the southeastern - most municipality of Finland on the border of the Russian Federation .
The St Kilda Sea Baths are sea baths on St Kilda Beach in St Kilda , Victoria , Australia .
Lastva ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ластва ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Circuit International Automobile Moulay El Hassan ( also known as Marrakech Street Circuit and Marrakech Racetrack ) is a 4.624 kilometres ( 2.87 mi ) temporary street circuit in Agdal district , Marrakech , Morocco .
Limbaži parish ( Latvian : Limbažu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Limbaži District , Latvia .
Xeraco ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ʃeˈɾako ) , locally : ( ( æj)ʃæˈɾɑko ) ; Spanish : Jaraco ( xaˈɾako ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in Valencia , Spain .
Yardımlı ( also , Iardymly , Yardymli , and Yardymly ) is a city in and the capital of the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Northern Caye is a small island 50 miles ( 80 km ) off the coast of Belize , part of the Lighthouse Reef Atoll .
Manujan ( Persian : منوجان‎ , also Romanized as Manūjān ; also known as Qal``eh - ye Manūjān - meaning `` Fort Manujan '' ; formerly , Posht Qalāt ) is a city in and the capital of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 12,110 , in 2,501 families .
The Coliseo Centenario de Torreón ( Centennial Coliseum of Torreón in English ) , officially named `` Centro de Espectaculos Coliseo Centenario '' is a multi - purpose complex in Torreón , in the state of Coahuila , Mexico .
Istia d'Ombrone ( Italian : ( ˈistja domˈbroːne ) ) is a small town in southern Tuscany , Italy , a frazione of the comune of Grosseto .
Ciğatay ( also , Cığatay , Cıqatay , Dzhigata , and Dzhigatay ) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Calibang is an island located west of Linapacan in northern Palawan , Philippines .
ZAZ or Zaporizhia Automobile Building Plant ( Ukrainian : ЗАЗ , Запорізький автомобілебудівельний завод , Zaporiz'kyi avtomobilebudivnyi zavod or Zaporiz'kyi avtozavod ) is the main automobile manufacturer of Ukraine , based in the south - eastern city of Zaporizhia .
Ahmad Kandi ( Persian : احمدكندي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmad Kandī ; also known as Akhmadkandi ) is a village in Ijrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Manětín ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmaɲɛciːn ) ; German : Manetin ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Radalj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радаљ ) is a village in Serbia .
Nur County ( Persian : شهرستان نور‎ ) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran .
Klaoitsis Island , also perhaps Adlagamalla in Kwak'wala , is an island in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada .
The Sarakina Gorge ( also Myrtos Canyon , after the nearby coastal village of Myrtos ) is a canyon in the southeastern part of Crete , Greece .
Aulestad is a farm and writer 's house museum in Follebu , Oppland , Norway .
Sefid Aran ( Persian : سفيداران‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Ārān ; also known as Asfīdārān ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Rozendaal ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands , in the province of Gelderland .
Overseas Family School ( OFS ) is a privately owned Pre K-12 International school , providing education in the English language medium for overseas families living in Singapore .
Sar Khom ( Persian : سرخم‎ ) is a village in Kivanat Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Universidad Cristiana del Sur ( Southern Christian University ) is a university in San José , Costa Rica .
The Town of Charleville is a former local government area in the Maranoa area of Queensland , Australia .
Burg Marquartstein is an 11th century castle in Marquartstein , Bavaria , Germany .
Boneh - ye Sardar ( Persian : بنه سردار‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Sardār and Boneh Sardār ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nova Rača is a settlement and municipality in Bjelovar - Bilogora County , Croatia .
Mala Kapela ( pronounced ( mâːlaː kǎpɛla ) ) is a mountain in Croatia , part of the Dinaric Alps .
Dadu Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Dadu District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Dadu is the capital .
Hammam Sousse ( Tunisian Arabic : حمّام سوسة‎ ) is a coastal town in north - eastern Tunisia .
Maa Nayar Devi Temple is old Hindu temple located in the village of Heeraganj , Kunda , Pratapgarh of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Blystadlia is a village in Rælingen municipality , Norway , located near the southern border towards Lørenskog .
Carrán - Los Venados ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈran los βeˈnaðos ) ) is a volcanic group of scoria cones , maars and small stratovolcanoes in southern Chile , southeast of Ranco Lake .
Moghulstan ( Persian : مغولستان‎ , also Romanized as Moghūlstān ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sorkh Degar ( Persian : سرخ دگار‎ , also Romanized as Sorkh Degār ; also known as Sorkh Dagān , Sorkh Degāl , Sorkh Dekāl , and Sorkh Dogān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wilanów Palace survived Poland 's partitions and both World Wars , and so serves as a reminder of the culture of the Polish state as it was before the misfortunes of the 18th century .
Męcina Wielka ( mɛnˈt͡ɕina ˈvʲɛlka ) ( Ukrainian : Мацина Велика , Matsyna Velyka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sękowa , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Sangrumba साङरुम्बा is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal .
The Home Bank of Canada was a Canadian bank that was incorporated July 10 , 1903 in Toronto .
Road Udhampur is well connected by road as it is located on National Highway 1A to Srinagar , which is the only national highway that connects Srinagar to the rest of India .
Czarnków ( ˈt͡ʂarŋkuf ) ( German : until 1940 : Czarnikau , between 1940 - 1945 : Scharnikau ) is a town in Poland in Czarnków - Trzcianka County in Greater Poland Voivodeship , previously in Piła Voivodeship ( 1975 - 1998 ) .
Zagore ( Bulgarian : Загоре , ( zəˈɡɔrɛ ) ) ; also Zagorie , Zagora , Zagoria ) was a vaguely defined medieval region in Bulgaria .
Slivice ( pronounced ( ˈsliːʋitsɛ ) ) is a settlement west of Rakek in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Manteigas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐ̃ˈtɐjɣɐʃ ) ) is a town and a municipality in Portugal .
Flavignac ( Occitan : Flavinhac ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
The W National Park or W Regional Park ( French : `` W '' du Niger ) is a major national park in West Africa around a meander in the River Niger shaped like a `` W '' .
Xiuyan Manchu Autonomous County ( simplified Chinese : 岫岩满族自治县 ; traditional Chinese : 岫岩滿族自治縣 ; pinyin : Xiùyán Mǎnzú Zìzhìxiàn ) is a county in the southeast of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , and is also one of the 11 Manchu autonomous counties and one of 117 autonomous counties nationally .
Kokořín Castle ( Czech : Hrad Kokořín ) is a castle located some 10 km ( 6 mi ) northeast of Mělník , Czech Republic .
Phu Wiang National Park ( PWNP ) is located in Phu Wiang District , Khon Kaen Province , northeastern Thailand .
Färlöv Church ( Swedish : Färlövs kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in Färlöv in the province of Scania , Sweden .
The Sibuyan Sea is a small sea in the Philippines that separates the Visayas from the northern Philippine island of Luzon .
Schwarzenbergplatz is a Vienese square in Vienna , Austria .
Ciepłowody ( t͡ɕepwɔˈvɔdɨ ) ( German : Lauenbrunn ; until 1936 : Tepliwoda ) is a village in Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hornbæk station is a railway station serving the seaside resort town of Hornbæk on the north coast of North Zealand , Denmark .
Adamov 's mill ( Russian : Адамовская мельница ) is a derelict flour mill located outside of Livny , Russia .
Kuhestak ( Persian : كوهستك‎ , also Romanized as Kūhestak , Koohastak , Kūhastak , and Kūhistak ) is a village in Bemani Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Chhudzom Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཆུ་འཛོམས་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Sarpang District , Bhutan .
Kardous village is one of the villages of sodfa in Asyut Governorate , Egypt .
Fontechiari is a town and comune in province of Frosinone , Lazio , Italy .
The Linkou Power Plant ( Chinese : 林口發電廠 ; pinyin : Línkǒu Fādiànchǎng ) is a coal - fired power plant in Linkou District , New Taipei , Taiwan .
Bukari ( Russian : Букари ) is a village in Znamensky District of Tambov Oblast , Russia .
S. Thomas ' College , Gurutalawa is a private school situated in the town of Gurutalawa in the Uva Province of Sri Lanka .
Mzuzu is the capital of Malawi 's Northern Region and is the third largest city , by population , in Malawi .
Shivaram Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife preserve in India located 10 km from Manthani , 80 km from Karimnagar and 50 km from Mancherial .
Hesar - e Amir ( Persian : حصارامير‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Amīr , Ḩeşār Amīr , and Ḩeşārāmīr ) is a village in Hesar - e Amir Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Nesslau is a municipality in the Toggenburg district of the canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland .
Nefteyugansk ( Russian : Нефтеюга́нск ) is a city in Khanty - Mansi Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located south of the Ob River , close to the larger city of Surgut .
Kampanos ( Greek : Καμπανός ) is a community and a village in Chania regional unit on the island of Crete , Greece .
Boneh Guni ( Persian : بنه گوني‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Gūnī ; also known as Boneh Ganī and Boneh Gonī ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tikra ( Quechua tikray to turn upside down , hispanicized spelling Ticra ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Aucanquilcha ( pronounced : OW - kahn - KEEL - chuh ) is a massive stratovolcano located in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile , just west of the border with Bolivia and within the Alto Loa National Reserve .
The Gauliga Generalgouvernement was the highest football league in Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany after 1939 , which were not incooperated into any of the Gaue , the so - called General Government ( German : General Gouvernement ) .
Alsie Express is a Danish virtual airline based at Sønderborg , Denmark .
Sulejki ( suˈlɛi̯ki ) ( German : Suleyken , 1938 - 45 Suleiken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lingayen Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Lingayen , Ilocano : Pagtayaban ti Lingayen ) ( ICAO : RPUG ) is the airport serving the general area of Lingayen , the capital of the province of Pangasinan in the Philippines .
Pławo ( ˈpwavɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowa , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Eura Airfield ( ICAO : EFEU ) is an airfield in Eura , Finland , about 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) south west of Eura centre .
Suichwan Airfield is a former World War II United States Army Air Forces airfield in China , located approximately 2 miles southwest - west of Yutianzhen ( Suichuan County ) in the People 's Republic of China .
Moanda Railway Station is a station on the Trans - Gabon Railway and the penultimate stop before Franceville Railway Station , the southern terminus of the railway .
Oyem is the capital of Woleu - Ntem province in northern Gabon , lying on the N2 road and the River Ntem .
The Ammer Saddle ( German : Ammersattel , 1,082 m , 3,550 ft ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Tyrol , Austria and Bavaria , Germany .
Kvassheim Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Kvassheim fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located at the beach at Kvassheim in Vigrestad , Hå , Norway .
Shaheenbag ( Bengali : শাহীনবাগ ) is a neighborhood in Tejgaon Dhaka District in the Division of Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Songnisan National Park ( Korean : 속리산국립공원 , 俗離山國立公園 , sometimes spelled `` Sokrisan '' ) is located in the center of the Sobaek Mountains range , on the border between the provinces of Chungcheongbuk - do and Gyeongsangbuk - do , South Korea .
TCN is the Sydney flagship television station of the Nine Network in Australia and is located at Willoughby .
The Krucze Mountains ( Czech : Vraní hory , German : Rabengebirge Polish : Góry Krucze ) are the Eastern part of the Stone Mountains , which belong to the Central Sudetes on the border of the Czech Republic and Poland .
Gothersgade is a major street in the City Centre of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Kaolack ( Kawlax in Wolof ) is a town of 172,305 people ( 2002 census ) on the north bank of the Saloum River and the N1 road in Senegal .
Fafahdun ( Somali : Faafaxdhuun ) is a town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia in the district of Bardera .
The Gymnasium bei St. Anna is a school in Augsburg , Bavaria , Germany , founded in 1531 and still active .
Lat Rud ( Persian : لترود‎ , also Romanized as Lat Rūd ; also known as Līt Rūd ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Zarza de Montánchez is a municipality located in the Sierra de Montánchez area , province of Cáceres , Extremadura , Spain .
The 2008 Canadian Grand Prix ( formally the XLV Grand Prix du Canada ) was a Formula One motor race held on June 8 , 2008 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve , Montreal , Canada .
Bihor Mountains ( Romanian : Munții Bihorului ) is a mountain range in western Romania .
The Hinatua River is a small river in the Westland District of New Zealand 's South Island .
Uoray ( Russian : Уорай ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of two settlements , in addition to Betyuntsy , in Butyunsky Rural Okrug of Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Tennant Creek Airport ( IATA : TCA , ICAO : YTNK ) is a small regional airport located near Tennant Creek , Northern Territory , Australia .
Fertőrákos ( German : Kroisbach ) is a village in the county of Győr - Moson - Sopron in Hungary .
Mowrti Hanez ( Persian : مورتي هنز‎ , also Romanized as Mowrtī Hanez ; also known as Mowrtīnes ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lake Albina Ski Lodge was built overlooking Lake Albina in the Kosciuszko National Park of Australia , by The Ski Tourers Association , ( later renamed The Australian Alpine Club ) .
Żurawica ( ʐuraˈvit͡sa ) is a village in Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
NoordNed Personenvervoer B.V. ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈnoːrtnɛt pɛrˈsoːnənvɛrˌvur beː veː ) ) was a public transport company operating trains and buses in the north and northeast of the Netherlands .
The Faros del Panamá is a skyscraper complex currently cancelled in Panama City , Panama .
The Ospika pipe is a small composite diatreme in northern British Columbia , Canada , located approximately 140 km ( 87 mi ) north - northwest of Mackenzie , on the east side of Williston Lake between the Peace Reach and Ospika River .
Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Clermont , a township of Durban , South Africa .
Duncan Town Airport ( IATA : DCT , ICAO : MYRD ) is an airport located near Duncan Town , on Ragged Island in The Bahamas .
The Dent Blanche is a mountain in the Pennine Alps , lying in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Cavite City , officially the City of Cavite ( Chavacano : Ciudad de Cavite ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Cavite ) , is a city in the Province of Cavite , in the Philippines .
The Canadian passport is the passport available to citizens of Canada .
Čikečka Vas ( Slovene : Čikečka vas , Hungarian : Csekefa , Prekmurje Slovene ( sometimes ) : Sečečka ves ) is a village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Manggha ( full name : Manggha Museum of Japanese Art and Technology , until 2007 : Manggha Centre of Japanese Art and Technology ) is a museum in Kraków , Poland .
Karlgarin Reservoir is situated adjacent the wheatbelt town of Karlgarin , Western Australia .
Parekhi ( Georgian : პარეხი or პარეხთა ) is a Georgian medieval Orthodox monastery in historical Medieval Georgian Kingdom of Klarjeti ( modern - day Artvin Province of Turkey ) .
Cerak is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Velizh ( Russian : Ве́лиж ; Belarusian : Веліж ; Polish : Wieliż ; Lithuanian : Veližas ) is a town and the administrative center of Velizhsky District in Smolensk Oblast , Russia , located on the bank of the Western Dvina , 134 kilometers ( 83 mi ) from Smolensk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Bareh Jula ( Persian : بره جولا‎ , also Romanized as Bareh Jūlā , Barā Jūlā , and Berah Jūlā ) is a village in Boluran Rural District , Darb - e Gonbad District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
In 1992 , Les Respectables won first place in a competition run by Montreal radio station , CHOM - FM , and the band also reached the grand final of Yamaha Music 's `` Sunfest '' held in Gimli , Manitoba , Canada .
The 1994 French Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on July 3 , 1994 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny - Cours near Magny - Cours in France .
Collioure ( French pronunciation : ​(kɔˈljuʁ ) ; Catalan : Cotlliure , IPA : ( kuʎˈʎiwɾə ) ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Suswa is a shield volcano in the Great Rift Valley , Kenya .
Deh - e Tah ( Persian : ده ته‎ , also Romanized as Deh Teh ; also known as Dahtah , Deh Nah , and Dehtā ) is a village in Kavir Rural District , Deyhuk District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kot Salim Shahid railway station ( Urdu : کوٹ سلیم شاہد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
Pinjar Road is a major distributor road in the north - eastern suburbs of Perth , Western Australia , located within the City of Wanneroo .
H-1 Air Base ( code - named 202A ) is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Al - Anbar Governorate of Iraq .
Lenino - Kokushkino ( Tatar and Russian : Ле́нино-Коку́шкино ; Lenino - Kokuşkino ) , informally called Apaqay ( Tatar : Апакай ) , is a village ( selo ) in Pestrechinsky District , Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located 10 km north of Pestretsy , district 's administrative center .
The 2002 French Grand Prix ( formally the LXXXVIII Mobil 1 Grand Prix de France ) was a Formula One motor race held at Magny - Cours on 21 July 2002 .
The University of Oslo ( Norwegian : Universitetet i Oslo ) , until 1939 named the Royal Frederick University ( Norwegian : Det Kongelige Frederiks Universitet ) , is the oldest , largest university in Norway , located in the Norwegian capital of Oslo .
Tubuai was annexed by France in 1881 .
Kilfinaghta ( Irish : Cill Fhionnachta ) is a civil parish of County Clare , Ireland , located to the east of Sixmilebridge and northeast of Shannon .
The House of the Seven Lazy Brothers ( German : Haus der Sieben Faulen ) is a historic building in Bremen , Germany , completed in 1927 .
Kelebija ( Serbian : Келебија , Kelebija , Hungarian : Kelebia or Alsókelebia ) is a village close to Subotica in Serbia .
The Pipeline Coastal Park is an area of coastal vegetation in Amanzimtoti , Durban , South Africa .
Mała Gmina ( ˈmawa ˈɡmina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Alaviyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان علويه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kordian District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Centraal Museum is the main museum in Utrecht , Netherlands , founded in 1838 .
The Royal Air Force Mountain Rescue Service ( RAFMRS ) teams were early users in the late 1950s and early 1960s , and their convoys of Land Rovers and larger military trucks are a sight often seen in the mountain areas of the United Kingdom .
Sarvaneh ( Persian : ساروانه‎ , also Romanized as Sārvāneh ; also known as Sārbānān ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Montagne des Français Reserve ( French for : mountain of the French ) is a protected area consisting principally of dry deciduous forest in northern Madagascar .
Shegofti ( Persian : شگفتي‎ , also Romanized as Shegoftī ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Osaka Bay ( 大阪湾 Ōsaka - wan ) is a bay in western Japan .
Turda Gorge ( Cheile Turzii in Romanian ) is a natural reserve ( on Hășdate River ) situated 6 km west of Turda and about 15 km south - east of Cluj - Napoca , in Transylvania , Romania .
Andi Jemma Airport ( Indonesian : Bandara Andi Jemma ) ( IATA : MXB , ICAO : WAWM ) , is an airport near Masamba , the capital city of North Luwu Regency in the province of South Sulawesi on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia .
Aulesti is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in northern Spain .
Kahaq ( Persian : كهق‎ , also Romanized as Kaheq ; also known as Gahaq ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mansons Landing Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located at Mansons Landing on Cortes Island .
Dubai Spice Souk ( Arabic : سوق التوابل‎ ) or the Old Souk is a traditional market ( or souk ) in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Heggvik Church ( Norwegian : Heggvik kirke ; also known as Stjørna Church ) is a church in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Podkonice Małe ( pɔtkɔˈnit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Yuzbash Mahallehsi ( Persian : يوزباش محله سي‎ , also Romanized as Yūzbāsh Maḥallehsī ; also known as Yūzbāshī ) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Khasagt Khairkhan ( Mongolian : Хасагт хайрхан ) is a mountain of the Gobi - Altai Mountains and located in the Govi - Altai Province in Mongolia .
Tollbodgata is a street in Kristiansand , Norway .
Kangerluk ( old spelling : Kangerdluk ) , also called Diskofjord , is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality , in western Greenland , located on the southwestern shore of Disko Island .
Bavra ( Armenian : Բավրա ; formerly , Titoy - Kharabase ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Cetraro ( pop . 10,144 ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Nové Mesto nad Váhom District ( Slovak : okres Nové Mesto nad Váhom , Hungarian : Vágújhelyi járás ) is a district in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
Batu Apoi is a mukim in the Temburong District of Brunei , a sovereign state located on the north coast of the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia .
Wabcz ( vapt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Yurdtang Hashi ( Persian : يوردتنگ حشي‎ , also Romanized as Yūrdtang Ḩashī ) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Autopista AP-2 is a highway ( autopista ) in the north of Spain that connects the northern coast with the eastern coast of the country .
Harlu is a former municipality of Finland located in the present - day Russia .
Batticaloa ( Tamil : மட்டக்களப்பு , Maṭṭakkaḷappu ; Sinhalese : මඩකලපුව , Madakalapuwa ) is a major city in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , and its former capital .
Paradise Valley ( Alberta ) is the valley between Highwood Ridge and Grizzly Ridge just west of the Highwood Pass in Kananaskis Country , Alberta , Canada .
Nokhur ( also Nohur ) is a settlement located in Turkmenistan .
The Democratic Party of Pensioners of Slovenia ( Slovene : Demokratična stranka upokojencev Slovenije , also known by the acronym DeSUS ) is a Slovenian political party led by Karl Erjavec .
Suiderstrand ( Afrikaans for `` southernmost beach '' ) is a settlement in Overberg District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Alfauir ( Valencian pronunciation : ( aɫfaˈwiɾ ) , Spanish : Alfahuir ) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Smalininkai ( pronunciation ) is a small city in Lithuania .
The Puffing Billy Railway is a 2 ft 6 in ( 762 mm ) narrow gauge heritage railway in the Dandenong Ranges near Melbourne , Australia .
Azadshahr ( Persian : آزادشهر‎ , also Romanized as Āzādshahr and Āzād Shahr ; formerly , Shah Pasand ( Persian : شاه پسند‎ ) , also Romanized as Shāh Pasand ) is a city in and capital of Azadshahr County , in Golestan Province , in northern Iran .
Marovitsika Sud is a commune in Atsimo - Atsinanana Region in south - eastern Madagascar .
Ozu Abam is a populated town in Abia , Nigeria .
Ignachy ( iɡˈnaxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mashlush ( Persian : مشلوش‎ , also Romanized as Mashlūsh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Biblioteca Salaborsa is the main public library in Bologna , region of Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
El Álamo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( el ˈalamo ) ) is a municipality of the autonomous community of the Community of Madrid in central Spain .
The Kiel Institute for the World Economy ( Institut für Weltwirtschaft , IfW ) is an economics research center and a think tank that is located in Kiel , Germany .
Hazara District was district of Peshawar Division in the North - West Frontier Province of Pakistan until 1976 .
Akraifnio ( Greek : Ακραίφνιο ) , before 1933 known as Karditsa ( Καρδίτσα ) , ) is a village in Boeotia , Greece .
Sirsyedan is a town located in the south - west of Bagh District , a district in Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Chutkowice ( xutkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Pumwani is an estate of Nairobi , the capital of Kenya .
The Tall Man ( 2012 ) A Canada - France International Treaty Co - production between Minds Eye Entertainment , Radar Films , Forecast Pictures and SND .
The Sableuse River is a watercourse in the Matapedia Valley in Quebec , Canada .
Tiritiri Matangi Island lies in the Hauraki Gulf of New Zealand , 3.4 km ( 2.1 mi ) east of the Whangaparaoa Peninsula in the North Island and 30 km ( 19 mi ) north east of Auckland .
Kharaa River ( Mongolian : Хараа гол ) is a river in central northern Mongolia .
Haven of Hope Hospital ( Chinese : 靈實醫院 ) , located in Tseung Kwan O , Hong Kong , provides subacute medical care , comprehensive rehabilitation and long term care under the auspices of Haven of Hope Christian Service and the Hospital Authority .
Bar - sur - Aube ( French : ( ba?.sy?.ob ) ) is a French commune and a sub - prefecture in the Aube department in the Champagne - Ardenne region of France .
Molac ( Breton : Moulleg ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Čebovce ( Hungarian : Csáb ) is a village in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Niestachów ( ɲesˈtaxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Rossiya Hotel ( Russian : Гостиница `` Россия '' ) , also known as Russia Hotel , was a large five - star international hotel built in Moscow from 1964 until 1967 at the order of the Soviet government .
Maurerberg or Mauerer Berg is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps to the southeast of the town of Schaanwald , with a height of 1,378 metres ( 4,521 ft ) .
Le Lamentin , with near to 40 000 inhabitants , is the second most populated town of Martinique , after Fort - de - France .
Godnowa ( ɡɔdˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Nongong is a town , or eup in Dalseong County , Daegu , South Korea .
Zozan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زوزن‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jolgeh Zozan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The JenTower is a skyscraper in Jena , Germany .
Vrutok ( Macedonian : Вруток , Albanian : Vërtok ) is a small village settled on the slopes of Mount Bistra by the Korab mountains , near the town of Gostivar in the western part of Republic of Macedonia .
Villa Cyrnos is a Belle Époque - style villa in Roquebrune - Cap - Martin on the Côte d'Azur in the south of France .
Stedingen is an area north of Bremen in the delta of the Weser river in north - western Germany .
Yana Ranra ( Quechua yana black , ranra stony ; stony ground , `` black stony ground '' , also spelled Yanarangra ) is a mountain in the La Raya mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
The Belgranian National Institute ( in Spanish , Instituto Nacional Belgraniano ) is an institute of Argentina focused in the historiography of Manuel Belgrano .
Torcols , or The Torcols is a sector of Besançon , Doubs , France , located north of the city .
Bayankhangai ( Mongolian : Баянхангай , Rich ; Mongolian : Хангай , khangai , provident lord , munificent king , generous gracious lord or bountiful king ) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia .
Donja Bodežišta ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доња Бодежишта ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Fond du Sac is a village in Mauritius located in Pamplemousses District .
Taumarunui is a small town in the King Country of the central North Island of New Zealand .
Jan Kempdorp is an agricultural town situated in the centre of the Vaalharts Irrigation Scheme in the Northern Cape province of South Africa .
Khiching is an ancient village in Mayurbhanj District of Orissa , India .
Waitangirua is a suburb of Porirua City approximately 22 km north of Wellington in New Zealand .
Skórzno ( ˈskuʐnɔ ) ( German : Schörfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Motasemabad ( Persian : معتصم آباد‎ , also Romanized as Mo``taşemābād ; also known as Javādīyeh ) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District , Qolqol Rud District , Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 265 , in 57 families .
Misa Q'asa ( Quechua misa table , q'asa mountain pass , literally `` table mountain pass '' , hispanicized spelling Mesa Jasa ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,400 m ( 14,436 ft ) high .
The Sierra y Cañones de Guara Natural Park , a Spanish Natural park since in the Sierra de Guara ( mountain range ) , located in the Province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Igra ( Russian : Игра ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) and the administrative center of Igrinsky District of the Udmurt Republic , Russia , located 98 kilometers ( 61 mi ) north of Izhevsk at the European route E22 , which changes there from M7 to the main Siberian route P242 .
Stóra Dímun is an island in the southern Faroe Islands , sometimes only referred to as Dímun .
The Titarisios ( Greek : Τιταρήσιος , formerly Ξεριάς - Xerias ) is a river in Thessaly , Greece .
Evanger Church ( Norwegian : Evanger kyrkje ) is a parish church in Voss municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Umm Dam is a town in North Kurdufan State in central Sudan 60 kilometres north east of El Obeid .
Fatick Department is one of the departments of Senegal , located in the Fatick Region on the road between Mbour and Koalack .
Berga Kulle Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Berga Kulle naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Södermanland County in Sweden .
Dhanbad is a city in the Indian state of Jharkhand , India .
Zormi ( Persian : زرمي‎ , also Romanized as Zormī and Zaramī ; also known as Razmī ) is a village in Lisar Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Second Kuril Strait ( Russian : Второй курильский пролив ) is a strait located at 50.7166667 ° N 156.1666667 ° E , which separates islands of Paramushir and Shumshu in the Kuril Islands , Russia .
Azhgui ( Persian : اژگوي‎ , also Romanized as Azhgūī ; also known as Azhgī and Ezhgī ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Flumendosa is a river of southern Sardinia , Italy .
Gampaha , Uva is a town in Uva province of Sri Lanka .
The Severan Bridge ( also known as Chabinas Bridge or Cendere Bridge or Septimius Severus Bridge ; Turkish : Cendere Köprüsü ) is a late ancient Roman bridge located near the ancient city of Arsameia ( today Eskikale ) , 55 km ( 34 mi ) north east of Adıyaman in southeastern Turkey .
Ghazni University ( Pashto : د غزني پوهنتون‎ ; Dari : دانشگاه غزنی ) is a newly established university in Ghazni , a city in central Afghanistan .
Glenvista is a suburb in the south of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Vukanja ( Serbian : Вукања ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac , Serbia .
Colegio Alcalde Pedro Urbina ( English : Mayor Pedro Urbina School ) is a Chilean high school located in Peumo , Cachapoal Province , Chile .
Barra Honda National Park is a national park in the western part of Costa Rica , which forms part of the Tempisque Conservation Area about 12 km ( 7.46 mi ) from the Tempisque River .
Qarayeri ( also , Karayeri ) is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mweya Airport ( ICAO : HUMW ) is a small civilian airport in Uganda .
Przeworsk ( ˈpʂɛvɔrsk ) , ( Ukrainian : Переворськ Perevors'k , Yiddish : פּרשעוואָרסק Prshevorsk‎ ) is a town in south - eastern Poland with 15,675 inhabitants , as of 2 June 2009 .
The name Levant States was used to refer to the French mandate over Syria and Lebanon after World War I. This is probably the reason why the term Levant has come to be used synonymously with Syria - Palestine .
Kopitnik ( Bulgarian : Копитник ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
Collarenebri Airport ( IATA : CRB , ICAO : YCBR ) is a small airport 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) north of Collarenebri , New South Wales , Australia .
Gare d'Argenteuil is a railway station in Argenteuil , a northwestern suburb of Paris , France .
CentralPlaza Bangna , also known as Central City Bangna is a shopping centre on Bangna - Trad Road located in Bangna district in Bangkok , Thailand .
Italia Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park , Chile .
Carhaix - Plouguer ( Breton : Karaez - Plougêr ) is a commune in the Finistère department in northwestern France .
Vichadero is a small village in the Rivera Department of northeastern Uruguay .
Olenyok Airport ( IATA : ONK , ICAO : UERO ) is a public use airport in Olenyok , Sakha ( Yakutia ) Republic , Russia .
Kani Dastar ( Persian : كاني دستار‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Dastār ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mowtowr - e Bulan Zehi Kach ( Persian : موتوربولانزهي كچ‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Būlān Zehī Kach ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mafgeh ( Persian : مافگه‎ , also Romanized as Māfgeh ; also known as Māfegā ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ayub Kheyl ( Persian : أيوب خيل‎ ) ( Ab Khail ) is a small village 7 miles outside Khost , Afghanistan .
Ramanathapuram taluk is a taluk in the Ramanathapuram district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Cabot Strait ( /ˈkæbət/ ; French : détroit de Cabot , French : ( kabo ) ) is a strait in eastern Canada approximately 110 kilometres wide between Cape Ray , Newfoundland and Cape North , Cape Breton Island .
Lake Shore Towers is a cluster of three towers which are under construction in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Meso Gerakari ( Greek : Μέσο Γερακάρι ) is a village in the municipal unit of Alykes on the island Zakynthos , Greece .
Hansabank was a bank operating in Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania owned by the FöreningsSparbanken / Swedbank , a Swedish bank .
Pukewao is a locality in the southeastern corner of the Southland region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Bukowina Sycowska ( bukɔˈvina sɨˈt͡sɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The A48 autoroute , also known as l'autoroute du Dauphiné , is a motorway in France connecting the A43 with the city of Grenoble .
Jilava is a commune in Ilfov county , Romania , near Bucharest .
Utladalen Landscape Protection Area ( Norwegian : Utladalen landskapsvernområde ) is adjacent to Jotunheimen National Park , covering Utladalen , Norway 's deepest valley .
A number of major arteries run through this neighbourhood , primarily the high - traffic Hastings Street connecting North Burnaby with Downtown Vancouver and Port Moody , Willingdon Avenue linking it to Kingsway and Metrotown , and Kensington Ave going south to Canada Way and New Westminster .
The Kamuku National Park is a Nigerian national park in Kaduna State , Nigeria , with a total area of about 1,120 km² .
Glincz ( ɡlint͡ʂ ) ( German : Glintsch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Parqu ( Quechua parquy irrigation hispanicized spelling Parjo ) is a mountain west of the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 m ( 15,748 ft ) high .
El Sendero Luminoso is the name of a rock climb at El Potrero Chico , Nuevo León , Mexico .
Umbundu , or South Mbundu ( autonym úmbúndú ) , one of two Bantu languages of Angola called Mbundu ( see Kimbundu ) , is the most widely spoken language of Angola .
Gundadalur is the name of an area in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands .
Tatnak ( Persian : تتنك‎ , also Romanized as Tatnag ) is a village in Dashtabi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dashtabi District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Industry , particularly metal works , thrived in the city during the 1960s , when São Bernardo do Campo became known as Brazil 's Automobile Capital ( Portuguese : a Capital do Automóvel ) .
Kalene Hill is a community in the northwest of Zambia near a hill by the same name about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) to the southeast .
Visegrád ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈviʃɛɡraːd ) ) is a small castle town in Pest County , Hungary .
The Velma Springstead Trophy is an award presented annually to Canada 's outstanding female athlete .
Isola Sacra ( the Holy Isle ) is situated in the Lazio region of Italy south of Rome , near the Tyrrhenian Sea .
Krasnogorodsk ( Russian : Красногородск ; Estonian : Kraasna ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Krasnogorodsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia , located on the Sinyaya River south of Pskov .
The Hanseatic School for Life is a non - profit organization in Thailand that cares for children and adolescents in need .
Israel 's claim of sovereignty over West Jerusalem is considered to be stronger than its claim over East Jerusalem .
The English overseas possessions comprised a variety of overseas territories that were colonized , conquered , or otherwise acquired by the former Kingdom of England during the centuries before the Acts of Union between England and the Kingdom of Scotland .
Borvayeh ( Persian : بروايه‎ , also Romanized as Borvāyeh ; also known as Al Barwāya , Al Būravāyeh , Barvāyeh , and Borvāyeh - e Kūchek ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Gloucester Skating Club is a non - profit skating club located at 1490 Youville Drive in Orleans , Ontario , Canada .
Mahila Samiti English High School is an educational school located in Thakurli - Maharashtra , India PIN 421201 .
Ruelisheim ( German : Rulisheim ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
Upington is a town founded in 1884 and located in the Northern Cape province of South Africa , on the banks of the Orange River .
Playa Forti is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao , located near the village of Westpunt in the north - west of the Island .
Akure Forest Reserve is a protected area in southwest Nigeria , covering 66 km2 ( 25 sq mi ) .
Alūksne Bible Museum is a Latvian Christian museum in Alūksne in Latvia .
Boli Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بولي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Alet - les - Bains ( Alet in Occitan , formerly spelt Aleth ) is a commune in the Aude department in the Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
The Frontier Region Dera Ismail Khan ( often abbreviated as F.R. D.I. Khan ) is a small administrative unit in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) of Pakistan .
Ham - Nord , Quebec is a township municipality in the Centre - du - Québec region of Quebec , Canada .
The Santa Ana Church , also known as the Parish of Our Lady of the Abandoned ( Spanish : Parroquia de Nuestra Señora de los Desamparados ) , is a Spanish colonial period church located in the district of Santa Ana in Manila , Philippines .
ʻUtulau is a village on the western district of Tongatapu , Tonga .
Parakampylia ( Greek : Παρακαμπύλια ) is a former municipality in Aetolia - Acarnania , West Greece , Greece .
Artemi ( Greek : Αρτέμι , Turkish : Arıdamı ) is a small village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located 9 km north of Lefkoniko on the south side of the Kyrenia mountain range .
Stryjaki ( strɨˈjaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Daggs Falls is a plunge waterfall on the Teviot Brook that is located in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia .
Yengejeh - ye Sadat ( Persian : ينگجه سادات‎ , also Romanized as Yengejeh - ye Şādāt , Yengejeh - ye Sādāt , and Yengjeh Sādāt ) is a village in Harzandat - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Go Aish Adventure Park is a theme park in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan , adjacent to Safari Park , Karachi .
The North Ballarat Rebels are an Australian rules football club which play in the TAC Cup , an under-18 competition in Victoria , Australia .
Strandgade ( lit . `` Beach Street '' ) is one of the principal streets in the Christianshavn district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Nova Scotia Paramedic Society ( NSPS ) is a professional association established in 2011 that promotes the study , research , and communication of the history of Emergency Health Services ( EHS ) within the province of Nova Scotia , Canada .
Tall Kuhak ( Persian : تل كوهك‎ , also Romanized as Tall Kūhak ; also known as Tall Gūk ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Chenar Shahijan District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gum - Gum is a township of Sandakan , Sabah , Malaysia .
Benguema is a town in the Rural District in the Western Area of Sierra Leone , about twenty five miles east of Freetown .
Maria Cristina Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Maria Cristina , Cebuano : Tugpahanan sa Maria Cristina ) ( IATA : IGN , ICAO : RPMI ) , also known as Iligan Airport , is an airport serving the general area of Iligan , located in the province of Lanao del Norte in the Philippines .
Landegode Church ( Norwegian : Landegode kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county , Norway .
Derazhnia ( Ukrainian : Деражня ; Polish : Dzierażnia ; also Derazhnya ) is a city and railway station in the Khmelnytskyi Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Haydock was one of the United Kingdom 's richest areas in coal and coal mining , Haydock Collieries had up to 13 collieries working at one time .
Tog Wajaale ( also known as Wajaale ) is a town on the border of Ethiopia and Somalia .
Poovattoor ( Malayalam:പൂവറ്റൂർ ) is a village located in Kottarakara taluk in the northern part of the Kollam District , Kerala state , India .
Chapayevsk ( Russian : Чапа́евск ) is a town in Samara Oblast , Russia , located 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) from the city of Samara , on the right bank of the Chapayevka River ( a tributary of the Volga River ) .
Ķepova parish ( Latvian : Ķepovas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Dagda Municipality , Latvia .
Płoty ( ˈpwɔtɨ ) ( German : Plathe an der Rega ) is a town in Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,035 inhabitants ( 2010 ) .
The Waimea Plains Railway was a secondary railway line ( not a branch line ) that linked the towns of Lumsden and Gore in northern Southland , New Zealand .
Amur Shipbuilding Plant ( Russian : Амурский судостроительный завод , also known as Amurskiy Sudostroitelnyy Zavod and previously called the Leninskiy Komsomol Shipyard ) is an important shipyard in eastern Russia , based in Komsomolsk - on - Amur , and founded in 1932 .
Cypriany ( t͡sɨˈprjanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The 2012 Belgian Grand Prix ( formally the 2012 Formula 1 Shell Belgian Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race that took place at the Circuit de Spa - Francorchamps in Spa , Belgium on 2 September 2012 , the first race after a five - week summer break .
The Surat Basin is a geological basin in eastern Australia .
Rawalpindi District ( Urdu : ضِلع راولپِنڈى‎ ) , is a district of Pakistan in the northern region of the Punjab province .
Abag Bay is a bay in The Philippines .
Admiralty Gulf is a gulf in the Kimberley of Western Australia that opens into the Indian Ocean .
The Sunway Lagoon is a theme park in Subang Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
Hajatan ( Persian : حاجتان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājatān ; also known as Ḩājat ) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Vladslo German war cemetery is about three kilometres north east of Vladslo , near Diksmuide , Belgium .
The German Police Trade Union ( German : Deutsche Polizeigewerkschaft , DPolG ) is a trade union in Germany .
Värend was in the Middle Ages the most populous of the constituent `` small lands '' of the province Småland , in Sweden .
Lac de Monteynard - Avignonet is an artificial water reservoir for the Électricité de France power station on the Drac River .
The Bømlafjord Tunnel ( Norwegian : Bømlafjordtunnelen ) is a subsea road tunnel under Bømlafjorden which connects the island of Føyno in Stord to the mainland at Dalshovda in Sveio , Norway .
Karłowice Małe ( karwɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mačevo ( Macedonian : Мачево ) is a village in the Berovo Municipality of Macedonia .
The Plaza Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in the central area of Palmerston North , New Zealand owned by Kiwi Property .
Duke of Alba ( Spanish : Duques de Alba de Tormes ) is a Spanish title of nobility accompanied with the dignity Grandee of Spain .
Olyokminsk Airport ( IATA : OLZ ) is an airport serving the urban locality of Olyokminsk , Olyokminsky District , in the Sakha Republic of Russia .
Javan Azadi Kabul F.C. is a football team in Afghanistan .
Predmeja ( pronounced ( pɾɛdˈmɛːja ) ; formerly Dol pri Otlici ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Japurá River or Caquetá River is a river about 2,820 kilometres ( 1,750 mi ) long ( some sources say 2,414 km ) rising as the Caquetá River in the Andes in southwest Colombia .
Khorostkiv ( Ukrainian : Хоростків , Polish : Chorostków ) is a city in Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine .
The Souffel ( German : Suffel ) is a river in Alsace , France .
Helsinki City Transport or HKL ( Finnish : Helsingin kaupungin liikennelaitos , Swedish : Helsingfors stads trafikverk , abbreviated HST ) is the official city - owned public transport company in Helsinki , Finland .
The Crespo mine is a large silver mine located in the south of Peru in Ayacucho Region .
Blakas or Belakas is a general name for any sort of cleaver or large knife originating from Bali , Indonesia that has a heavy rectangular blade with a straight cutting edge used for chopping .
Thulasiypattinam also spelt Thulajapattinam in the records of British India .
The Electoral district of Town of Melbourne ( later known as Electoral district of City of Melbourne ) was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council before it became part of the colony of Victoria ( Australia ) on 1 July 1851 .
Wymbritseradiel is a former municipality in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands .
Aarøsund is a village in south - eastern Denmark situated in the region of Sønderjylland 15 kilometres east of Haderslev .
Huzzas ( also referred to as Huzzawouie huzzas ) is the name of a surf break off Gracetown , Western Australia .
Os de Civís is a village in the central Pyrenees mountains in the province of Lleida , Spain , and is located to the west of Andorra , near the villages of Aixàs and Bixessarri .
Kuntur Wawachawi ( Aymara kunturi condor , wawachaña , to give birth , -wi indicates the place of an action , `` where the condor is born '' hispanicized spelling Condorguaguachave ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Miaoli County ( Chinese : 苗栗縣 ; pinyin : Miáolì Xiàn ) is a county in western Taiwan .
The Constitution of North Rhine - Westphalia ( ) in the constitutional document that governs the responsibilities and rights of various offices and the Landtag ( State Parliament ) of North Rhine - Westphalia , in Germany .
Selo Dolno Srpci ( Долно Српци ) is a village situated north - east of the city of Bitola in the Republic of Macedonia .
Liż ( liʂ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Męcina ( mɛnˈt͡ɕina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Chervena Mogila ( Bulgarian : Червена Могила / English translation : Red Hill ) is a village located near the town of Radomir in Pernik Province , Bulgaria .
Deh - e Qasem ( Persian : ده قاسم‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Qāsem ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Parco Papa Giovanni Paolo II ( `` Pope John Paul II Park '' ) , best known by its historic name Basilicas Park ( Parco delle Basiliche in Italian ) is a city park of Milan , Italy , located in Zone 1 .
The Legal Services Consultative Panel is an advisory body of the United Kingdom government tasked with advising the Lord Chancellor on the regulation and training of lawyers and other figures offering legal services .
Fakfak Regency - formerly spelt `` Fak - Fak '' - is a regency of West Papua province of Indonesia .
The Luda Kamchiya Gorge is a gorge in the Balkan Mountains ( Stara Planina ) in Bulgaria .
The Perlenbach - Fuhrtsbachtal nature reserve is a 331 hectare reserve in the Aachen region , in the south west corner of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Inspiration FM is a community radio station in Northampton , United Kingdom .
Meka is a village near Roingin Lower Dibang Valley district of Arunachal Pradesh which is a state in India .
Though their albums had become FM radio staples in Canada , A Million Vacations was the first Max Webster album to generate hit singles that cracked the Canadian top 100 .
Col d'Ornon ( 1,360 m ( 4,462 ft ) ) is a mountain pass through the Dauphiné Alps in the department of Isère in France which connects the communities of Le Bourg - d'Oisans and La Mure .
Qichun County ( simplified Chinese : 蕲春县 ; traditional Chinese : 蘄春縣 ; pinyin : Qíchūn Xiàn ) ) is a county of eastern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Feadship can trace its roots back to 1849 , when the Akerboom family bought a small shipyard off the coast of the Netherlands to build and repair boats .
Raka Castle ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːka ) ) is one of the oldest medieval castles in Slovenia .
Sakhyurta ( from Buryat : сахюур - whitish ) is a village in the Olkhonsky District of Irkutsk region of Russia , a part of the Shara - Togotskiy municipal unit .
Jufari River is a river forming part of the border between Amazonas and Roraima states in north - western Brazil .
Duchang County ( Chinese : 都昌 ; pinyin : Dū chāng ) is a county in Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Lepoglava is a town in Varaždin County , northern Croatia , located southwest of Varaždin , west of Ivanec and northeast of Krapina .
Strzelno ( ˈstʂɛlnɔ ) ( German : Strelno ) is a town in the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Kani Khanjar ( Persian : كاني خنجر‎‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Khanjar ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sasunik ( Armenian : Սասունիկ ) ; is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Hampton Tableland is a feature that is found at the northern side of the Eyre Highway between Madura and Eucla in Western Australia , at the southern edge of the Nullarbor Plain .
The Saint Lawrence River HVDC Powerline Crossing is the crossing of Hydro - Québec 's Quebec - New England HVDC transmission line over ( and later , under ) the Saint Lawrence River between Grondines and Lotbinière , Quebec , Canada .
Tamandegan ( Persian : تمندگان‎ , also Romanized as Tamandegān ) is a village in Garkan - e Shomali Rural District , Pir Bakran District , Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Several archaeological sites establish that the Sierra de Tamaulipas was the northern outpost of the agricultural Mesoamerican peoples of eastern Mexico
Kernavė was a medieval capital of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and today is a tourist attraction and an archeological site ( population 318 , 1999 ) .
Tipaimukh Dam is a proposed embankment dam on the river Barak in Manipur state India , first commissioned in 1984 .
The 2013 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A was the 57th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , the top - level of professional football in Brazil .
The Central Entre Ríos Railway ( CERR ) ( in Spanish : Ferrocarril Central Entrerriano ) was a railway company in the Entre Ríos Province of Argentina , owned by the provincial government , which built and operated a 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) standard gauge railway network between the rivers Paraná and Uruguay .
Bolshiye Goly ( Russian : Больши́е Го́лы ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kachugsky District of Irkutsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Lena River .
Majorero ( Spanish : ( maxoˈɾeɾo ) ) is a goat milk cheese from Spain .
The 2015 Giro d'Italia ( English : Tour of Italy ) was a three - week Grand Tour cycling stage race that took place in May 2015 .
École John Stubbs Memorial School is a K-8 school located in Belmont Park neighbourhood of Colwood , British Columbia , Canada , part of the Western Communities suburbs of Victoria .
Ny Ellebjerg station ( Ny means `` new '' ) is a railway station on the S - train network in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Mańkowizna ( maɲkɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dexter Air Taxi is a Russian air taxi service operating distances of up to 2000 kilometres , it aims to have its services cover the whole of Russia .
Pangalakaha ( also spelled Pangarikaha ) is a village in northern Ivory Coast .
The Cape San Pablo Lighthouse is located 50 km south - east of the city of Río Grande , department of Río Grande , Tierra del Fuego Province , Argentina .
The Kem Kem Beds ( also referred to by various names including the Continental Red Beds and Continental intercalaire ) is a geological formation along the border between Morocco and Algeria in southeastern Morocco , whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous .
Mahrinu ( Persian : ماهرينو‎ , also Romanized as Māhrīnū ; also known as Mārīnū ) is a village in Kavirat Rural District , Chatrud District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Canada Square is surrounded by three of the tallest buildings in the United Kingdom , including One Canada Square , which was the tallest building in the United Kingdom from 1990 until late 2010 , when it was surpassed by the Shard London Bridge .
Maenggoldo , or Maenggol Island , is an island in South Korea 's Dadohaehaesang National Park , with an area of 1.73 square kilometres ( 0.67 sq mi ; 173 ha ) .
Keshtaz ( Persian : كشتاز‎ , also Romanized as Keshtāz ; also known as Keshtār ) is a village in Avajiq - e Shomali Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chap Sandi is a village of Bhakkar District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
The Gold Coast Sports Precinct is a series of sports facilities and venues , located on the Gold Coast , Queensland , in Australia .
Sorano is a town and comune in the province of Grosseto , southern Tuscany ( Italy ) .
The Mała Panew ( German : Malapane ) is a river in south - western Poland , Silesian and Opole Voivodeships .
The Jardin des Plantes d'Angers ( 4 hectares ) is a municipal park and botanical garden located on Place Pierre Mendès France , Angers , Maine - et - Loire , Pays de la Loire , France .
University of Pedagogical Sciences `` Hector Alfredo Pineda Zaldivar '' ( UCPETP ) is a center of Higher Education for teachers located in the capital of the Republic of Cuba , which has the purpose of training teachers to teach vocational subjects
Buttar Bakhuha is a small village in the Giddarbaha tehsil of Sri Muktsar Sahib district in Punjab , India .
Skelhøj is a burial mound from the early bronze age , situated near the Kongeå River in southern Denmark .
Chotěšov Abbey ( Czech : Klášter Chotěšov ; German : Kloster Chotieschau ) is a former Premonstratensian nunnery in Chotěšov , about 18 kilometres southwest of Pilsen in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
The Linz State Theatre ( German : Landestheater Linz ) is a theatre in Linz , Austria .
Tašmajdan Sports and Recreation Center ( Tašmajdan SRC ; Serbian : Спортско-рекреациони центар Ташмајдан ( СРЦ Ташмајдан ) / Sportsko - rekreacioni centar Tašmajdan ( SRC Tašmajdan ) ) is a sporting and recreational complex situated in the city of Belgrade , Serbia , which was founded by the Assembly of the City of Belgrade in 1958 .
Voukolies ( Greek : Βουκολιές , Δήμος Βουκολιών ) is a town and former municipality in the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Kunhing ( Kunhein ) is located in Kunhing Township in the middle part of southern Shan state , Myanmar .
Wola Mikorska ( ˈvɔla mʲiˈkɔrska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Włodkowice ( vwɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( formerly German Wilhelmshöhe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
The Province of Terni ( Italian : Provincia di Terni ) is the smaller of the two provinces in the Umbria region of Italy , comprising one - third of both the area and population of the region .
Torbay Inlet is an estuarine inlet in the Great Southern region of Western Australia situated approximately 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) east of Denmark .
Asramam ( Malayalam : ആശ്രാമം ) Ashramam is one of the prime locations in Kollam city of Kerala , India .
La Caldera is a small town and municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina .
Chabowo ( xaˈbɔvɔ ) ( German Alt Falkenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielice , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Haksan Park is a park that is located in Dalseo - gu , Daegu , South Korea .
Lubiszyn ( luˈbiʂɨn ) ( German : Ludwigsruh ) is a village in Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Rychtal ( ˈrɨxtal ) ( German : Reichthal , 1939 - 45 : Reichtal ) is a village in Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dominice ( dɔmiˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Haberfeld Stadium ( Hebrew : אצטדיון הברפלד‎ , Itztadion Haberfeld ; also known as the Superland Stadium ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Rishon LeZion , Israel .
The University of Faisalabad ( TUF ) is a private institution of higher education in the city of Faisalabad , Pakistan .
The Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary is a 208.5-km2 ( 80.5-mi2 ) protected area in the Indian state of Goa in the Western Ghats of South India .
Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park is an IUCN Category II National Park situated in the Pyrenees of Huesca province , Aragon , Spain .
Miłonów ( miˈwɔnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kyzyl - Oktyabr ' is a village in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Mali Videm ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ˈʋiːdəm ) ) is a small settlement east of Šentlovrenc in the Municipality of Trebnje in Slovenia .
Mokowe is a settlement in Kenya 's Lamu County in what was previously Coast Province .
The Port of Tanjung Priok is the busiest Indonesian seaport , handling more than 50 % of Indonesia 's trans - shipment cargo traffic .
The Afrika - Haus Freiberg is a museum of modern African art at Freiberg am Neckar in Germany .
Vijin - e Bala ( Persian : ويجين بالا‎ , also Romanized as Vījīn - e Bālā ; also known as Vījīn and Vābajīn ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , Fashapuyeh District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Padoły ( paˈdɔwɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Mahas District is a district in the central Hiran region of Somalia .
It is located at the end of Highway 155 on the eastern shore of Lac La Loche in Canada 's boreal forest .
Cuzmin ( Ukrainian : Кузьмін , Kuzmin , Russian : Кузьмин ) is a commune in the Camenca sub - district of Transnistria , Moldova .
Shaban Kheyl ( Persian : شعبان خيل‎ , also Romanized as Shā``bān Kheyl ; also known as Shabānqol ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 17 , in 5 families .
The Salairskoye mine is one of the largest lead mines in Russia .
Blakistons is a road transport and warehousing company founded in Geelong , Victoria , Australia in 1889 .
Villa Badoer is a villa in Fratta Polesine in the Veneto region of northern Italy .
The Malacca Public Library ( Malay : Perpustakaan Awam Melaka ) is the state library of Malacca , Malaysia .
Founded by settlers from Euboea in the 8th century BC , Cumae was the first Greek colony on the mainland of Italy and the seat of the Cumaean Sibyl .
Mowtowr - e Heydar ( Persian : موتورحيدر‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ḩeydar ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Waitati River is a river in New Zealand , flowing into the Pacific Ocean at Blueskin Bay , north of Dunedin .
Brezje pri Rožnem Dolu ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈɾoːʒnɛm ˈdoːlu ) ; German : Bresie bei Rosenthal ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Staszkówka ( staʂˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
According to the 2001 India census , Kolappalur had a population of 8,717 .
Zakouma Airport ( IATA : AKM ) is an airport located in the Salamat region in Chad .
Poyo is a small village of Burkina Faso , a land - locked country in West Africa .
The Laja Falls ( Spanish : Salto del Laja ) is a waterfall located in the Laja River in southcentral Chile .
Włóczyska ( vwuˈt͡ʂɨska ) ( German : Vierzighuben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The City and Guilds of London Art School is an art college in London , England , United Kingdom .
Villa Serego or Villa Sarego is a Palladian villa at Santa Sofia di Pedemonte , San Pietro in Cariano in the province of Verona , northern Italy .
ComScore listed Yatego as the fastest growing website in Germany .
Rowzeh - ye Eram ( Persian : روضه ارم‎ , also Romanized as Rowẕeh - ye Eram ; also known as Rowẕeh - ye Ḩaram ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Haselünne is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany , in the district of Emsland .
Ilha da Queimada Grande , also known as `` Snake Island '' , is an island located off the coast of Brazil .
Mekimdya ( Russian : Мекимдя ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of three settlements , in addition to Khorintsy and Balagannakh , in Solyansky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Torreperogil is a town over 7,500 inhabitants in Province of Jaén , Andalucia , Spain .
Štore ( pronounced ( ˈʃtoːɾɛ ) ) is a town and a municipality in eastern Slovenia .
Lac de Moron is a reservoir formed by damming the Doubs River on the border of France and Switzerland .
Podrute is a village near Novi Marof in northern Croatia .
Siveh Dar ( Persian : سيوه در‎ , also Romanized as Sīveh Dar ; also known as Shīveh Darreh and Sīveh Darreh ) is a village in Shepiran Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Westmount Examiner was a weekly English language newspaper serving Westmount , Quebec , Canada .
A Gulf house ( German : Gulfhaus ) , also called a Gulf farmhouse ( Gulfhof ) or East Frisian house ( Ostfriesenhaus ) , is a type of farmhouse ( sometimes called a housebarn in North America ) that emerged in the 16th and 17th centuries in North Germany .
The Arulmigu Mahalakshmi Temple is located on the shores of the Bay of Bengal , Besant Nagar Beach , Besant Nagar , Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
The University of Laghouat is a university in the city of Laghouat , the capital city of Laghouat Province in Algeria , North Africa .
Lieutenant Colonel Rafael Pabón Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Teniente Coronel Rafael Pabón ) ( IATA : VLM , ICAO : SLVM ) is an airport serving the town of Villamontes , in the Gran Chaco province of the Tarija department of Bolivia .
Bourg - Madame ( Catalan : la Guingueta d'Ix ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Thenmala is the first planned eco - tourism destination in India .
Port railway station served Port , County Donegal , Ireland .
Tsamakasar ( Armenian : Ցամաքասար , also Romanized as Ts’amak’asar and Tsamaqasar ; formerly , Susuz ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Black Pottery Museum ( ( Spanish ) : Museo de cerámica negra ; Asturian : Muséu de cerámica prieto ) is an ethnographic museum in Avilés , Asturias , Spain .
Naqsh - e Rajab ( Persian : نقش رجب‎‎ , Persian pronunciation : ( næɣʃeɾæˈd͡ʒæb ) ) is an archaeological site just east of Istakhr and about 12 km north of Persepolis in Fars Province , Iran .
Lukovitsy ( Russian : Луковицы ) is a village in Leninsky District of Tula Oblast , Russia .
Alamillo Park is a metropolitan park located between the town of Santiponce ( Sevilla ) and Seville , Spain .
Goba is a town and separate woreda in south - central Ethiopia .
The Niuheliang Railway Station is a railway station of Jingshen Passenger Railway that is located in People 's Republic of China .
Gambaga is a small town in the Northern Region of Ghana .
The Moltke 's Mansion is a town mansion on the corner of Bredgade and Dronningens Tværgade in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Trebižani ( pronounced ( tɾɛbiˈʒaːni ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Laihia ( Swedish : Laihela ) is a municipality of Finland , founded in 1576 through a separation from Isokyrö and Korsholm .
Kolonia Strzybnik ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈstʂɨbnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Box Hill Cemetery is a cemetery located in Melbourne 's eastern suburb of Box Hill , Victoria in Australia .
Heleneborg is an estate on Södermalm , a part of the city of Stockholm , Sweden .
Mhlumeni is a town in eastern Swaziland on the border with Mozambique .
Vrbovo ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈbɔːʋɔ ) ; Italian : Verbovo ) is a village southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Corte Alto Airport Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Corte Alto Airport , ICAO : SCPR ) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south - southwest of Purranque , Los Lagos , Chile .
Ravensburg University of Cooperative Education is a public college with campuses in Ravensburg and Friedrichshafen , Germany .
Swiss quality label for further education institutions ( EduQua ) ( in German : Schweizerisches Qualitätszertifikat für Weiterbildungsinstitutionen `` EduQua '' ) , the first Swiss quality label geared towards adult continuing education was established , eduQua is made up of over 1000 schools , institution and academies in all of Switzerland .
The Universidad de Flores ( Flores University , UFLO ) is a private university in Argentina founded in 1995 .
Arun Mahidan ( Persian : ارون ماهيدان‎ , also Romanized as Arūn Māhīdān ; also known as Arrūn and Arūn ) is a village in Bahman Rural District , in the Central District of Abadeh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Aqa Mahalleh ( Persian : اقامحله‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Maḩalleh ) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Alemania Glacier , also known as Roncagli Glacier , is a glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park , Chile .
The Christian Guardian was a Wesleyan Methodist journal founded in Upper Canada in 1829 .
Unlike other settlements in Greece , Sevasti has , besides Greek Orthodox , two Protestant communities and there is also a temple of the Greek Evangelical Church , that was established in 1924 .
Objectspace is a public art gallery in Auckland , New Zealand .
Saint Mary 's Tower ( Maltese : Torri ta ' Santa Marija ) , also known as the Comino Tower ( Maltese : Torri ta ' Kemmuna ) , is a large bastioned watchtower on the island of Comino in Malta .
The Park Ranges , also known as the Main Ranges , are a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies of eastern British Columbia and western Alberta , Canada .
Hingna is a town and a tehsil in Nagpur district of Nagpur division in Maharashtra state in western India .
Nules is a town in eastern Spain , in the province of Castellón ( Valencian Community ) .
Severomuysky Tunnel ( Russian : Северому́йский тонне́ль ) is a railroad tunnel on the Baikal Amur Mainline ( BAM ) , in northwestern Buryatia , Russia .
Bospop is an annual rock festival , happening in Weert , Netherlands .
Maludam is a small town and sub district in Betong Division , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Ninahuilca is a volcano in the Western Cordillera of Ecuador .
Beszyno ( bɛˈʂɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kordin Temples are a group of megalithic temples on Corradino Heights in Paola , Malta .
Amsheet ( عمشيت , ʿAmšīt ; also spelled Amchit ) is a seaside town and municipality in the Jbeil District of Mount Lebanon Governorate , Lebanon , about 40 km north of Beirut .
Athlone Power Station was a coal - fired power station in Athlone , Cape Town , South Africa .
It started as Inside Retailing Weekly , launched as a printed weekly newspaper back in the early 1970s in Australia followed by a bi - monthly magazine and a free internet website in June 2006 .
Sørbø Church ( Norwegian : Sørbø kirke ) is a parish church in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Serednica ( sɛrɛdˈɲit͡sa ) ( Ukrainian : Середниця , Serednytsia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Piraeus Prefecture ( Greek : Νομός Πειραιά or Νομός Πειραιώς ) was one of the prefectures of Greece .
Deli Barik - e Rudbal ( Persian : دلي باريك رودبال‎ , also Romanized as Delī Bārīk - e Rūdbāl ; also known as Delī Bārīk ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Globurău mine is a large mine in the west of Romania in Caraş - Severin County , 29 km north of Orşova and 392 km west of the capital , Bucharest .
Poltava Airport ( Ukrainian : Аеропорт `` Полтава '' ( Супрунівка ) ) ( IATA : PLV , ICAO : UKHP ) is a public airport located approximately 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) west of Poltava , Ukraine .
Radičević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радичевић ) is a village in Serbia .
Öre River ( Swedish : Öreälven or Öre älv ) is a river in Sweden .
Kuru Kururu Newtown Settlement is the first and largest village on the Soesdyke - Linden Highway in Guyana .
Kąty Wrocławskie ( ˈkɔntɨ vrɔt͡sˈwafskʲɛ ) ( German : Kanth ) is a town in Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tsimiroro is a large oil field in the onshore Morondava Basin of Madagascar found south of the Bemolanga ultra heavy oil field and south of the town of Morafenobe .
Niutao is a reef island in the northern part of Tuvalu .
Boudha Nagar is one of the suburbs in Secunderabad , Telangana , India .
Mvomeka'a is a village near Sangmélima , in Meyomessala sub - division , Dja - et - Lobo division , South Province , Cameroon .
Hatun Mayu ( Quechua hatun big , mayu river , `` big river '' , also spelled Jatun Mayo ) which upstream is called Qinamari ( Quenamari ) and downstream successively is named Nuñoa and Río Grande ( Spanish for `` big river '' ) is a river in Peru .
Ashburnham House is an extended seventeenth - century house on Little Dean 's Yard in Westminster , London , United Kingdom , which since 1882 has been part of Westminster School .
In France , offshoots of Cubism developed , including Orphism , Abstract art and later Purism .
Pod Gradom ( Slovene : Pod gradom ) is a local community ( Slovene : krajevna skupnost ) of the City Municipality of Celje in central - eastern Slovenia .
Babuyan Claro Volcano , also known as Mount Pangasun , is a volcano located on Babuyan Island , the northernmost of the Babuyan group of islands in Luzon Strait , north of the main island of Luzon in the Philippines .
Todzha Lake , also known as Azas Lake ( Russian : Тоджа , Азас ) , is a lake in Tuva in Russia .
Les Éboulements is a municipality in the Capitale - Nationale region of Quebec , Canada .
Ang Mo Kio Bus Depot ( SMRT Buses ) is an SMRT Buses bus depot located in Yio Chu Kang , Singapore .
Strasbourg Cathedral or the Cathedral of Our Lady of Strasbourg ( , or Cathédrale de Strasbourg , or Straßburger Münster ) , also known as Strasbourg Minster , is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Strasbourg , Alsace , France .
Lubiel ( ˈlubjɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Premier League Knockout Cup is a motorcycle speedway competition in the United Kingdom governed by the Speedway Control Bureau ( SCB ) , The 2015 Competition is sponsored by Travel Plus Tours in conjunction with the British Speedway Promoters ' Association ( BSPA ) .
Tregonce is a hamlet in the parish of St Issey , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Waqullani ( Aymara waqulla pitcher , jug , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with a jug '' , hispanicized spelling Huacullani ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,290.1 metres ( 17,356 ft ) high .
The Lilleaker Line ( Norwegian : Lilleakerbanen ) is a suburban tramway from Skøyen in Oslo westwards to Jar , Bærum in Norway .
Sancaktepe is a district in the suburbs of Istanbul , Turkey .
The Lagosta gas field is a natural gas field located offshore of the Cabo Delgado Province , Mozambique in Offshore Area 1 .
Szreńsk ( ʂrɛɲsk ) is a village in Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mullutu - Suurlaht ( also Mullutu Suurlaht ) is the fourth largest lake in Estonia .
Al - Karmah , also sometimes transliterated as Karma , Karmah , or Garma ( Arabic : الكرمة ) , is a city in central Iraq located 16 km northeast of Fallujah in the Al Anbar province .
Knockanacree ( Cnocán an Chraoi in Irish ) is a townland in the historical Barony of Ormond Lower , County Tipperary , Ireland .
Konya Airport ( Turkish : Konya Havaalanı ) ( IATA : KYA , ICAO : LTAN ) is a military airbase and public airport in Konya , Turkey .
Ait Saghrouchen ( Berber : Ayt Seɣruccen ) is a commune and a historical Berber tribe in the Taza Province of the Taza - Al Hoceima - Taounate administrative region of Morocco .
Ravne nad Šentrupertom ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːu̯nɛ nat ʃɛnˈtɾuːpɛɾtɔm ) or ( ˈɾaːu̯nɛ nat ʃənˈtɾuːpɛɾtɔm ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Šentrupert in the Lower Carniola region of southeastern Slovenia .
CJWE - FM was an English language low - power tourist information radio station which operated at 98.5 FM with an effective radiated power of 50 watts in Walford , Ontario , Canada located in the township of Sables - Spanish Rivers .
Glykorrizi ( Greek : Γλυκορρίζι , before 1927 : Μουρτάτο - Mourtato ) is a small village situated in the Peloponnese , southern Greece .
The Hindiya Barrage is located on the Euphrates south of the town of Musayyib in Babil Governorate , Iraq .
Ceylon Democratic Unity Alliance is a political party based amongst plantation Tamils in Sri Lanka .
Kawęczyn - Kolonia ( kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Beruwala Harbour , in Beruwala , Sri Lanka , is one of the main fishery harbours on the western coast of Sri Lanka .
Pașcani ( Romanian pronunciation : ( paʃˈkanʲ ) ) is a city in Iași County in the Moldavia region of Romania , on the Siret river .
Algiers ( Arabic : الجزائر‎ , al - Jazā’er ; Algerian Arabic pronunciation : دزاير Dzayer , Berber : Dzayer tamaneɣt , French : Alger ) is the capital and largest city of Algeria .
Cayo Largo del Sur , or simply Cayo Largo ( `` Long Cay '' ) , is a small resort island in Cuba , off the south coast of the northwestern part of the main island in the Caribbean Sea .
Tungurahua , ( /tʊŋɡʊˈrɑːwə/ ; from Quichua tunguri ( throat ) , rahua ( fire ) : `` Throat of Fire '' or from Panzaleo ) is an active stratovolcano located in the Cordillera Oriental of Ecuador .
Niakwa Country Club is a country club and golf course in Winnipeg , Canada .
Baštra ( Cyrillic : Баштра ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Baba Baroh is a tehsil in Kangra district , India known for a temple made of white marble to Radha Krishan and the Goddess Durga .
The Georgium is a princely palace in Wörlitz , Germany .
Morne Fortune is a hill and residential area located south of Castries , Saint Lucia in the West Indies .
Edith Cowan University ( ECU ) is an Australian public university located in Perth , Western Australia .
Ryglice ( rɨɡˈlʲit͡sɛ ) is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Tarnów County , the seat of the urban - rural gmina Ryglice .
Porta Alpina ( `` Alpine Gate '' ) was a proposed railway station to be located in the middle of the Gotthard Base Tunnel in southern Switzerland .
Omoa is a town and a municipality in the Department of Cortés of the Central American country of Honduras .
Koneck ( ˈkɔnɛt͡sk ) is a village in Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Achu Bazar ( Persian : اچوبازار‎ , also Romanized as Āchū Bāzār ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Jardin Dominique Alexandre Godron ( 1 hectare ) is a historic botanical garden located at 3 rue Sainte - Catherine , Nancy , Meurthe - et - Moselle , Lorraine , France .
Ouessa is a town in southern Burkina Faso , practically on the border of Ghana .
Pearston is a small town in the eastern Karoo , in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Verje ( pronounced ( ʋɛɾˈjɛ ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava River at Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Granagh ( Irish An Greanach = Gravely place ) is a small village in County Limerick , Ireland located close to the N20 between Croom and Charleville .
Lukášov ( German : Luxdorf ) is a small city near Liberec in the Czech Republic .
Oberiberg is a village and municipality in Schwyz District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland .
Mleščevo ( pronounced ( ˈmleːʃtʃɛʋɔ ) ; German : Mleschow ) is a small settlement just south of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
DD National ( DD1 ) is a state - owned general interest terrestrial television channel in India .
Puch Geli ( Persian : پوچ گلي‎ , also Romanized as Pūch Gelī ; also known as Pūch Gelī - ye Sangān ) is a village in Sangan Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
L'Action nationale ( ISSN 0001 - 7469 ) is a French - language monthly published in Quebec , Canada .
Chennai Port , formerly known as Madras Port , is the second largest port of India , behind the Nhava Sheva Port , and the largest port in the Bay of Bengal .
Tschiertschen - Praden is a municipality in the district of Plessur in the Grisons , Switzerland .
The Bawku West District is one of the nine ( 9 ) districts in the Upper East Region of north Ghana .
Rouge Valley Public School ( often abbreviated to RVPS ) is a school providing education until Grade 8 in Rouge , Toronto , Canada .
Otaci ( formerly Ataki , Russian Атаки ) is a town ( population 8,400 ) on the southwestern bank of the Dniester River , which at that point forms the northeastern border of Moldova .
The La Ferté - Alais Air Show is an annual meeting of aviation enthusiasts in La Ferté - Alais , France .
Skarpnäcksfältet ( English : The Skarpnäck Field ) is a subdistrict of Skarpnäcks Gård in the Skarpnäck borough of Stockholm , Sweden .
Savandapur is a panchayat in Gobichettipalayam taluk in Erode District of Tamil Nadu state , India .
The Kitlope Heritage Conservancy or Huchsduwachsdu Nuyem Jees ( `` source of milky blue waters '' ) in the Haisla language , is a provincial park located on the Pacific coast of the province of British Columbia , Canada .
Dobrota ( Montenegrin : Dobrota/Доброта , Italian : Bonintro ) is a town in the Kotor Municipality in coastal Montenegro .
Kontagora is a major town on the south bank of the Kontagora River in north - west Niger State , Nigeria .
Jose Pearson TB Hospital is a specialised Provincial government funded TB hospital situated outside Port Elizabeth in South Africa .
Al Noor International School is a private school in Bahrain on the September 6 , 1993 by private investors .
Gir Gadhada Taluka is a taluka of Gir Somnath district in the state of Gujarat , India .
Vlky ( Hungarian : Vök ) is a village and municipality in Senec District in the Bratislava Region , in western Slovakia .
' Scenicland FM was a New Zealand radio station broadcasting on the West Coast of the South Island .
The Graz 99ers started in the 1999 - -00 season in the Austrian National League , Austria 's second division , where they were crowned instant champions .
Nibe is a town with a population of 5,093 ( 1 January 2014 ) , located in Region Nordjylland on the Jutland Peninsula in northern Denmark .
Ancienne Belgique ( French for `` Old Belgium '' ) is a concert hall for contemporary music in Brussels , Belgium .
The Upper Svratka Highlands ( Czech : Hornosvratecká vrchovina , German : Hohe Schwarza Bergeland , Polish : Wyżyna Górnoswratecka ) is a mountain range in Moravia , Czech Republic .
Zhucheng ( simplified Chinese : 诸城 ; traditional Chinese : 諸城 ; pinyin : Zhūchéng ) is a county - level city in the southeast of Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Baggböle Manor ( Swedish : Baggböle herrgård ) is a manor house , located on the Ume River in Baggböle , about 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) northwest of the city of Umeå in northern Sweden .
Hendu Chub ( Persian : هندوچوب‎ , also Romanized as Hendū Chūb ; also known as Hend Choob , Hend Chūb , Hendehchū , Hendeh Chūb , Hondah Chū’īyeh , and Hund Chūb ) is a village in Bafran Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Jakar ( Dzongkha : བྱ་ཀར་ ; Wylie : Bya - kar ) is a town in the central - eastern region of Bhutan .
The Armed Forces Memorial is a national memorial in the United Kingdom , dedicated to the 16,000 servicemen and women of the British Armed Forces killed on duty or through terrorist action since after the Second World War .
Alqasabad ( Persian : القاس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Alqāsābād and Alqāşābād ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Mozaffari Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Veľké Leváre ( Hungarian : Nagylévárd , Nagy - Lévárd , German : Gross - Schützen , Großschützen ) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Malacky District in the Bratislava region .
Gjelhøi is a mountain in Breheimen National Park in southern Norway .
Bolsheignatovsky District ( Russian : Большеигна́товский райо́н ; Erzya : Покш Игнадбуе ; Moksha : Оцю Игнатовань аймак ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - two in the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Matema Island or Matema is of one of the Reef Islands , of the independent nation of the Solomon Islands ; it is located in Temotu Province .
Záhradné ( Hungarian : Szedikert ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Gulf of Taranto ( Italian : Golfo di Taranto , Latin : Sinus Tarentinus ) is a gulf of the Ionian Sea , in Southern Italy .
The Victor Pinchuk Foundation is an independent philanthropic organisation based in Ukraine which supports projects to modernise Ukraine and foster a new generation of leaders .
Magod Falls is a group of waterfalls in Karnataka , India , where the river Bedti falls from a height of nearly 200 m in two steps .
Špitalič pri Slovenskih Konjicah is a small village in the Municipality of Slovenske Konjice in the Styria region of Slovenia .
Elev is a small town in Aarhus Municipality , Central Denmark Region in Denmark and it had 1.188 inhabitants in 2015 .
Venur or Venoor ( ವೇಣೂರು)is a small village on the banks of the Phalguni river in Belthangady Taluk , Dakshina Kannada of Karnataka , India .
Elymnioi ( Greek : Ελύμνιοι ) is a former municipality in Euboea , Greece .
Astain ( Persian : استين‎ , also Romanized as Asta``īn and Esta``īn ; also known as Āshe``īn ) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 186 , in 38 families .
Pikulice ( pikuˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemyśl , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Surkhet District ( Nepali : सुर्खेत जिल्ला , Surkhet Jillā Listen ) is one of Nepal 's seventy - five districts of Nepal located about 600 kilometres ( 373 mi ) west of the national capital Kathmandu .
Pigeon Valley is a Natural Heritage Park and formally declared municipal nature reserve in Durban , South Africa .
The old National Assembly Building ( Nhà Quốc hội ) , also Ba Đình Hall ( Hội trường Ba Đình ) , was a public large building , located on Ba Đình Square across the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum , in Hanoi , Vietnam .
Smolensk North Airport ( Russian военный аэродром `` Смоленск-Северный '' , `` Smolensk North Military Aerodrome '' ) is a decommissioned military airbase in Smolensk Oblast , Russia , located 4 km north of the city of Smolensk .
The Botallack Mine ( Cornish : Bostalek ) is a former mine in Botallack in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Stendorfer See is a lake west of Kasseedorf in Holstein Switzerland , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Kelowna International Airport ( IATA : YLW , ICAO : CYLW ) is a Canadian airport located approximately 10 minutes or 6.2 nautical miles ( 11.5 km ; 7.1 mi ) northeast of Kelowna , British Columbia , Canada , on Highway 97 .
Maja Harapit ( Albanian : Maja e Harapit , or Maja e Arapit ) is a mountain in the Prokletije range in the north of Albania .
Yuanpei University ( YPU ; Chinese : 元培科技大學 ) is a private university in Xiangshan District , Hsinchu City , Taiwan .
The Nwetwe Pan is a large salt pan within the Makgadikgadi region of Botswana .
Pla d'Urgell is a comarca ( county ) in the interior of Catalonia , Spain .
Puerto Sandino is a coastal town in western Nicaragua .
Aust Severn Powerline Crossing is the longest powerline span in the United Kingdom with a span width of 1,618 m ( 5,308 ft ) .
Mangles Bay ( 32 ° 16′S 115 ° 43′E ) is a bay of Cockburn Sound in Western Australia which opens out to the Indian Ocean .
Meşəşambul ( Avar : Рохьоб ) is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Cordillera de la Costa montane forests is a montane ecoregion of the Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forest Biome , in the Venezuelan Coastal Range ( Cordillera de la Costa ) on the Caribbean Sea in northern Venezuela .
Bowenfels railway station is a disused station on the Main Western line in New South Wales , Australia .
The Pavlos Vrellis Greek History Museum ( Greek : Μουσείο Ελληνικής Ιστορίας Παύλου Βρέλλη ) also known as Pavlos Vrellis Museum of Wax Effigies is a privately owned wax museum in Ioannina regional unit , Greece .
Ymittos ( Greek : Υμηττός ) , is a suburb of Athens , Greece .
Siraha ( Nepali : ( ( ( 2 ) ) ) , sirāhā ) is the headquarters of Siraha District , a part of Sagarmatha Zone , Nepal .
The House of Finance is an interdisciplinary research and teaching institute for law and economics at Goethe - University Frankfurt , Germany .
Große Röder is a river of Saxony and Brandenburg , eastern Germany .
Qeshlaq - e Ganjeh ( Persian : قشلاق گنجه‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Ganjeh ; also known simply as Qeshlaq ( Persian : قشلاق ) , also Romanized as Qeshlāq and Qishlāq ) is a village in Japelaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sivia District is located in the province of Huanta in Ayacucho Region in Peru .
Bianco di Pitigliano is a denominazione di origine controllata that is located close to the southern coast of Tuscany , in Italy .
Amatuku is an islet of Funafuti , Tuvalu on which the Tuvalu Maritime Training Institute is located .
Tromsø (; ; ) is a city and municipality in Troms county , Norway .
Located prominently on Kent St in Maryborough , Queensland , Australia , the Maryborough School of Arts building is a two storeyed masonry building opposite the City Hall .
Ferozpora is a village in the Baramulla district of Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Brøste House ( Danish : Brøstes Gård ) , also known as Potter House ( Danish : Potters Gård ) after its founder , a Scottish born industrialist , is a late 18th century historic property at 10 Overgaden Oven Vandet , overlooking Christianshavn Canal , in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Visaginas Municipality ( Lithuanian : Visagino savivaldybė ) is one of the 60 municipalities of Lithuania , situated in the north - east of the country .
SP Tableware is a UCI Continental cycling team based in Greece .
Kirimetiyagara ( also written as Kirimatiyagara ) is a small village situated in the western part of Sri Lanka .
Bąków Górny ( ˈbɔŋkuf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Södra Råda Old Church ( Swedish : Södra Råda gamla kyrka ) was an early 14th - century timbered church in the parish of Södra Råda in Gullspång Municipality , Västra Götaland in Sweden .
New Lowell Airport , ( TC LID : CPE7 ) , was located 2.5 NM ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) northeast of New Lowell , Ontario , Canada .
The Hwang River is a tributary of the Nakdong River , flowing through Gyeongsangnam - do in southeastern South Korea .
The Ministry for Social Equality ( Hebrew : המשרד לשוויון חברתי‎ ) , formerly the Ministry for Senior Citizens ( Hebrew : המשרד לאזרחים ותיקים‎ , Misrad LeAzrahim Vatikim ) , is a government ministry in Israel .
Ali Pasha Castle ( Albanian : Kalaja e Ali Pashës ) is a castle in Albania .
The Refinería de Santa Cruz de Tenerife ( Oil refinery ) is the industry 's largest and most important of the Canary Islands ( Spain ) .
Mysiakowiec ( mɨɕaˈkɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Special Book Services ( SBS ) is the leading distributor of language teaching materials in Brazil with its warehouse facilities in São Paulo and a chain of over 24 SBS bookshops located in key cities and state capitals .
Warwerort is a municipality in the Amt ( `` collective municipality '' ) Büsum - Wesselburen in the district Dithmarschen in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Shimen District ( Chinese : 石門區 ; pinyin : Shímén Qū ) is a sparsely populated rural district in the northern part of New Taipei City in northern Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
The Rodna National Park ( Romanian : Parcul Naţional Rodna ) is a protected area ( national park category II IUCN ) situated in Romania , in the administrative territory of counties Bistriţa - Năsăud , Maramureş and Suceava .
The Beast of Exmoor is a cryptozoological felid ( see phantom cat ) that is reported to roam the fields of Exmoor in Devon and Somerset in the United Kingdom .
Oldflån - Ansätten Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Oldflån - Ansättens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden .
In 1815 , the Lower Canada governor Sir James Kempt sent explorer Joseph Bouchette to the territory of the Matapedia Valley to see to the construction of Kempt Road .
Piotrowo - Krzywokoły ( pjɔˈtrɔvɔ kʂɨvɔˈkɔwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mount Lyford Alpine Resort is a family - run ski resort in South Island , New Zealand .
Kasafoni is a town in northeastern Sierra Leone in the mountainous area near the Guinea border .
Michorzewko ( mixɔˈʐɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Etyek ( German : Edeck ) is a village in Fejér county , Hungary , approximately 30 km from Budapest .
Rydzyn Włościański ( ˈrɨd͡zɨn vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Mont Blanc Tramway or Tramway du Mont - Blanc ( TMB ) is a mountain railway line in the Haute - Savoie department of France .
Bryggeriet Skands is a microbrewery founded in 2003 by Morten and Birthe Skands in Brøndby , Denmark .
Hojjarat - ye Panj ( Persian : هجرت5‎ ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ghazipur Sadar is the state legislative assembly constituency of Uttar Pradesh in India .
Combloux is a commune in the Haute - Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France , with a population of over 2000 residents .
The Sanabria Lake Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Natural del Lago de Sanabria ) is a natural park in Spain located around Sanabria Lake in the Sanabria comarca , northwest part of the Zamora Province , in the mountainous area of Sierra Segundera and Sierra de la Cabrera .
Wadi Shi ( Arabic : وادي شي‎ ) is a village in Sharjah , United Arab Emirates .
Ajbelj ( pronounced ( ˈaːi̯bəl ) ; in older sources also Ajbel ; German : Aibel , also Eibel or Eibl ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Mahasthangarh ( Bengali : মহাস্থানগড় Môhasthangôṛ ) is one of the earliest urban archaeological sites so far discovered in Bangladesh .
Jinfeng District ( simplified Chinese : 金凤区 ; traditional Chinese : 金鳳區 ; pinyin : Jīnfèng Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Chin - fêng Ch’ü ) is a district under the administration of Yinchuan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Galleh Dar District ( Persian : بخش گله‌دار‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
The North - Link Line ( Chinese : 北迴線 ; pinyin : Běihuí Xiàn ) is the central section of the Eastern Line of the Taiwan Railway Administration .
Nagangun ( Persian : نگنگون‎ , also Romanized as Nagangūn ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Summerside Outer Range Lights are a set of range lights near Summerside , Prince Edward Island , Canada .
The Jardin botanique de Saint - Chamond ( 7,000 m² ) is a botanical garden located at 4 chemin du Jardin Botanique , Saint - Chamond , Loire , Rhône - Alpes , France .
Pyrosvesteio ( Greek : Πυροσβέστειο ) is a neighbourhood in the city of Patras , Achaea , Greece .
Sarkhej Roza is a mosque and tomb complex located in the village of Makaraba , 7 km south - west of Ahmedabad in Gujarat state , India .
The Kapiti Urban Area is a statistical area defined by Statistics New Zealand to cover a group of urban settlements on the Kapiti Coast .
Qila Sobha Singh , now called Ahmad Abad ( Urdu : احمد آباد‎ ) is a town in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Göyərcık ( also , Geyardzhik and Gëyyardzhik ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Alei Zahav ( Hebrew : עֲלֵי זָהָב , lit . Golden Leaves ) is an Israeli settlement organized as a communal settlement located on the western edge of the northern West Bank , about 20 km east of Tel Aviv , and overlooking Israel 's main Ben Gurion International Airport .
Kasempa is a town located in Kasempa District , North - Western Province , Zambia .
Popovača is a town in Croatia in the Moslavina geographical region .
The University of Kordofan ( Arabic : جامعة كردفان ) ( informally Kordofan University ) is one of the largest universities in Sudan located in El - Obeid 560 km to the southwest of Khartoum .
For the article about the New Zealand parliamentary electorate of the same name see Rongotai ( New Zealand electorate ) Rongotai is a suburb of Wellington , New Zealand , located southeast of the city centre .
The Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ( c. 65 ) is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom that altered local government in Scotland on 16 May 1975 .
The Municipality of Sodražica ( Slovene : Občina Sodražica ) is a municipality in the Lower Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Bob Marley Museum is a museum in Kingston , Jamaica , dedicated to the reggae musician Bob Marley .
Olten District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated around the city of Olten .
Oppstryn Church ( Norwegian : Oppstryn kyrkje ) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Brunnby Church ( Swedish : Brunnby kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church located some 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) north of Höganäs in southern Sweden .
Ein Mahil ( Arabic : عين ماهل‎ ; Hebrew : עֵין מָהִל ) is an Arab local council in the North District of Israel , located about five kilometers north of Nazareth .
The Conseil supérieur de l'audiovisuel ( CSA ) is a French institution , created in 1989 , whose role is to regulate the various electronic media in France , such as radio and television , including through eventual censorship .
The Port of Algeciras is the port and harbour of Algeciras , a city located in the province of Cádiz in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Yarl 's Wood Immigration Removal Centre is a detention centre for foreign nationals prior to their deportation from the United Kingdom , one of 13 such centres currently in the UK .
Chol Qeshlaqi ( Persian : چل قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Chol Qeshlāqī ; also known as Chol Qeshlāq , Chowl Qeshlāqī , Chūl Qeshlāq , and Chūl Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
IBM Hakozaki Facility ( ＩＢＭ箱崎ビル or 三井倉庫箱崎ビル ) in Nihonbashi - Hakozaki - cho , Chuo - ku , Tokyo , Japan , is IBM 's largest building in Japan , in terms of the number of people working there .
Qorxmazoba ( also , Qorx - mazoba ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Qanat Tir ( Persian : قنات تير‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt Tīr ; also known as Qanāt - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 27 , in 6 families .
Gorenja Podgora ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈreːnja pɔdˈɡɔːɾa ) ; German : Oberberg ) is a settlement in the hills southwest of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Moonee Beach , Australia , is a small town on the Mid North Coast of NSW .
The Cyclone Zircon Project is a large mineral sands deposit located in the Eucla Basin in Western Australia , near the border with South Australia .
Abetifi is a small town in south Ghana and is the capital of Kwahu East district , a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana .
Rae Parish ( Estonian : Rae vald ) is a rural municipality in northern Estonia .
Ortakand ( Persian : اورتكند‎ , also Romanized as Ortākand , Owrtāgand , and Ūrtākand ) is a village in Zavin Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Munda Dam is a proposed multi - purpose concrete - faced rock - filled dam located on the Swat River approximately 37 km north of Peshawar and 5 km upstream of Munda Headworks in the Mohmand Agency of Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) .
When India was not divided , Khailar was considered as the center point of India .
The Golden Triangle of Art is made up of three important art museums that are close to each other in the centre of Madrid , Spain .
Zavosse ( Belarusian : Завоссе , Завосьсе ; Polish : Zaosie ) is a village in Belarus , in the Baranavichy Raion of Brest Voblast .
Spilve Airport ( Latvian : Spilves lidosta , also given as Rīgas Centrālā Lidosta -- Riga Central Airport ) is a former civilian and military airport in Latvia located 5 km north of Riga city centre , from which aircraft took off as early as the First World War .
Pemalang Regency is a regency ( Indonesian : kabupaten ) on the north coast of Central Java province in Indonesia .
Tembhli is a village in Nandurbar district of Maharashtra state in India , from where the ambitious Aadhar Scheme was launched on 29 September 2010 .
Alpokalja ( English `` feet of the Alps '' ) is a geographic region in Western Hungary .
Cabo de Hornos National Park is a protected area in southern Chile that was designated a Biosphere Reserve by UNESCO in 2005 , along with Alberto de Agostini National Park .
Bakonyoszlop is a village in the Bakony Mountains of Veszprém county , Hungary in Zirc district .
The German Academy of Sciences at Berlin ( German : Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin ) or AdW , later renamed the Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic ( Akademie der Wissenschaften der DDR ) , was the most important research institution of East Germany .
The Wickham River is an ephemeral river , located in the Victoria Bonaparte bioregion of the Northern Territory in Australia .
Grouse Mountain is one of the North Shore Mountains of the Pacific Ranges in the District Municipality of North Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Ivalo ( Inari Sami : Avveel , Northern Sami : Avvil , Skolt Sami : Âˊvvel ; Russian : Ивало ) is a village in the municipality of Inari , Lapland , Finland , located on the Ivalo River 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of Lake Inari .
Gunna Kalan railway station ( Urdu : گننا کلاں ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Gunna Kalan village , Sialkot district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Kutha , Cuthah , or Cutha ( Sumerian : Gudua , modern Tell Ibrahim ) is an archaeological site in Babil Governorate , Iraq .
Grundman Stadium ( Hebrew : אצטדיון גרונדמן‎ , Itztadion Grundman ) is a football stadium in Ramat HaSharon , Israel .
Santa Rosa del Peñón ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsanta ˈrosa ðel peˈɲon ) ) is a municipality in the León department of Nicaragua .
Pärnu Linnameeskond or simply Pärnu , is a football club , based in Pärnu , Estonia .
Szlasy - Łopienite ( ˈʂlasɨ wɔpjɛˈnitɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Stepanakert Airport ( Armenian : Ստեփանակերտի Օդանավակայան ) , called Khojaly Airport ( Azerbaijani : Xocalı hava limanı ) by Azerbaijan , is an airport in Khojaly , near Stepanakert , the capital city of the de facto independent Nagorno - Karabakh Republic ( NKR ) which is an internationally recognized part of Azerbaijan .
Kunč ( pronounced ( ˈkuːntʃ ) ; in older sources also Kunče , German : Kuntschen , Gottscheerish : Kuntschn ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia .
Aleyh ( Persian : عليه‎ , also Romanized as `` Aleyh ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 702 , in 113 families .
Monte Zappi ( also called Monte Gennaro or Pizzo di Monte Gennaro ) is a peak in the Monti Lucretili , in Lazio , central Italy .
Latera is a small town and comune in the Province of Viterbo , Italy .
Lukangol was a town in Jonglei , South Sudan that was destroyed during 2011 South Sudan clashes .
Cachar College ( Bengali : কাছাড় কলেজ ) is a co - educational institution established in 1960 at Silchar , India .
Ghadir Habseh ( Persian : غديرحبسه‎ , also Romanized as Ghadīr Ḩabseh and Ghadīr - e Ḩabseh ; also known as Ghadīr Ḩabeh , Ḩasbeh , and Qadīr - e Ḩabseh ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Loggia del Mercato Nuovo ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈlɔddʒa del merˈkaːto nuˈɔːvo ) ) , popularly known as the Loggia del Porcellino ( ( ˈlɔddʒa del ˌportʃelˈliːno ) ) , is a building in Florence , Italy .
Boscadjack is an area of high ground in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , which gives its name to two farming settlements .
Estádio Anilado , usually known simply as Anilado is a football stadium located in Nossa Senhora Aparecida neighborhood , Francisco Beltrão , Paraná state , Brazil .
Las Varas is located in the state of Nayarit in Mexico , just a few miles from Zacualpan and Compostela .
Kandawayon is a village located at Sikuati , Kudat , Sabah , Malaysia .
The village of Bang Rachan was historically located north of Ayutthaya , the old capital of Siam and the predecessor state to modern Thailand , situated in Khai Bang Rachan District of Singburi province nowadays .
Kiso Dam ( Japanese : 木曽ダム ) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1968 .
Villa Sant'Angelo is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila , in the Abruzzo region of Italy , which lies in the Aterno River valley near the convergence of the Sirente and the Gran Sasso mountain ranges .
Waganiec ( vaˈɡaɲet͡s ) ( German : Wagnitz ) is a village in Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kangbao Town ( simplified Chinese : 康保镇 ; traditional Chinese : 康保鎮 ; pinyin : Kāngbǎo Zhèn ) is a town and the seat of Kangbao County in far northwestern Hebei province , People 's Republic of China , and was formerly a part of the province of Chahar .
Mundankavu is a village situated 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) from Chengannur in Alappuzha district , Kerala , India .
Koparit ( originally Kuopion Pallotoverit , or KPT for short ) was a football club from Kuopio , Finland .
Urspelt ( Luxembourgish : Ischpelt ) is a locality in the commune of Clervaux , in northern Luxembourg .
Pachak Pata ( Quechua pachak , pachaq one hudred , pata step , bank of a river , `` one hundred steps '' , hispanicized spelling Pachacpata ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Peschanokopskoye ( Russian : Песчанокопское ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Peschanokopsky District in Rostov Oblast , Russia .
Sebba Airport ( IATA : XSE , ICAO : DFES ) is an airport serving the village of Sebba in the Yagha Province , part of the Sahel Region of Burkina Faso .
Monteu da Po is a small comune in the province of Turin , Piedmont , Italy , 32 km north - east of Turin .
The Reichenbach Falls ( German : Reichenbachfall ) are a series of waterfalls on the Reichenbach stream in the Bernese Oberland region of Switzerland .
Vannaröd Castle ( Swedish : Vannaröds slott ) is a castle in Hässleholm Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
The Hodna Mountains ( Arabic : جبال هدنة‎ , French : Monts du Hodna ) are a mountain massif in northeastern Algeria .
Rumuokoro is a town in Obio - Akpor local government area of Rivers State of Nigeria .
Veltoor , often spelled as Velatoor , Velatur , Veltur etc . , is a village and gram panchayat in Uppununthala Mandal of Mahbubnagar district of Andhra Pradesh state in India .
Goma is a city in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Hangzhou Botanical Garden ( simplified Chinese : 杭州植物园 ; traditional Chinese : 杭州植物園 ) is a large public botanical garden located in Hangzhou City , Zhejiang Province , People 's Republic of China .
Provigo is a grocery retailer based in Quebec , Canada , consisting of over 300 stores and franchises throughout the province .
The Bredevoort Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Bredevoort ) was a castle in the city of Bredevoort , Guelders in the Netherlands .
Rose - Belle is a village of southeastern Mauritius .
Olavarría Airport ( IATA : OVR , ICAO : SAZF ) is an airport serving Olavarría , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Rannu is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Tartu County , Estonia .
Puerto Ayora is a town in central Galápagos , Ecuador .
Vučevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вучево ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Pińczów ( ˈpʲiɲt͡ʂuf ) is a town in Poland , in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , about 40 km south of Kielce .
Lumiton was a film production company founded in Argentina in 1932 at the start of the golden age of film in that country .
Wadowice ( vadɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Frauenstadt -- Wadowitz ) is a city in southern Poland , 50 kilometres ( 31 miles ) from Kraków with 19,200 inhabitants ( 2006 ) , situated on the Skawa river , confluence of Vistula , in the eastern part of Silesian Foothills ( Pogórze Śląskie ) .
The Gimnasio Campestre is an all - male , traditional and conservative Pre - K to 11th grade private school located in Bogotá , Colombia .
Hobsons Bay is a bay in Port Phillip , Victoria , Australia .
Pallaskenry ( Irish : Pailís Chaonraí ) is a village in County Limerick , Ireland .
Jolo ( Tausūg : Sūg ) is a volcanic island in the southwest Philippines and is the primary island of the province of Sulu .
Bettembourg Castle ( French : Château de Bettembourg ) located in the centre of Bettembourg in the south of Luxembourg has a history starting in 1733 when it was built as the residence of a farming family .
Bantva Manavadar was a princely state of British India .
The Shopping Galleria de Campinas is a shopping mall located in Campinas , state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Częstochowa University of Technology ( Polish : Politechnika Częstochowska , PCz ) is the largest and oldest institution of higher education in Częstochowa , Poland .
Hibhib ( Arabic : قرية هبهب‎ , Hibhib Village ) is a village in northern Iraq , located 8 km ( 5.0 mi ) northwest of Baquba .
The Snowdon Massif includes a number of spectacular cliffs , and holds an important place in the history of rock climbing in the United Kingdom .
Zadvor ( pronounced ( zaˈdʋɔɾ ) ; German : Saduor ) is a formerly independent settlement in the southeast part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Dawakin Tofa Science College is one of the special secondary school that are provide by Kano State , Nigeria , in order to train the best students in science and to provide the state with well qualified doctors and engineers .
Centre Place Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Hamilton , New Zealand .
The Toronto Police Pipe Band is a grade one pipe band based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Maitland High School ( MHS ) is situated in Maitland , New South Wales , Australia on High Street .
Leinster ( /ˈlɛnstər/ -- Irish : Laighin / Cúige Laighean -- pronounced ( ˈl̪ˠaːjɪnʲ ) ) is one of the Provinces of Ireland situated in the east of Ireland .
Muttonbird Island Nature Reserve is a nature reserve off the shore of Coffs Harbour , New South Wales , Australia , on the southern boundary of the Solitary Islands Marine Park .
Konareh - ye Rostam ( Persian : كناره رستم‎ , also Romanized as Konāreh - ye Rostam ; also known as Kenāreh and Konāreh ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Fashion Cares was an annual event held in Toronto , Ontario , Canada that seeks to raise awareness of HIV and AIDS , as well as raise funds for the AIDS Committee of Toronto ( ACT ) .
The Bishopric of Minden was a Roman Catholic diocese ( German : Bistum Minden ) and a state , Prince - bishopric of Minden ( German : Hochstift Minden ) , of the Holy Roman Empire .
Mazraeh - ye Qazi ( Persian : مزرعه قاضي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Qāz̤ī ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Caravaca de la Cruz ( or simply and more commonly Caravaca ) is a town and municipality of southeastern Spain in the province of Murcia , near the left bank of the River Argos , a tributary of the Segura .
German submarine U-175 was a Type IXC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II . She was laid down on 30 January 1941 at Bremen , and commissioned on 5 December 1941 with Kapitänleutnant Heinrich Bruns in command .
Piraziz is a town and a district of Giresun Province on the Black Sea coast of Turkey .
Clay Island is an uninhabited island within Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Hospital Bend is a major freeway junction , located to the east of the central business district of Cape Town , South Africa .
Zdenska Vas ( pronounced ( ˈzdeːnska ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Zdenska vas , German : Sdenskawas ) is a village north of Videm in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia .
Stodolsko ( stɔˈdɔlskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Dun Mountain Railway was a privately owned and operated 3 ft ( 914 mm ) narrow gauge , 21.5 km ( 13.4 mi ) long horse - drawn tramway from chromite mines in the vicinity of Duppa Lode on the eastern slopes of Wooded Peak to Nelson port in the Tasman District of New Zealand 's South Island .
Amnatcharoen School ( ANC ; Thai : โรงเรียนอำนาจเจริญ , pronounced : Am - nat - cha - roen ) is a public research school in Amnatcharoen , Thailand .
Lac Beauchamp is an artificial lake , located in Lac Beauchamp Park in Gatineau , Quebec , Canada .
The Poleň village is situated in the southwestern part of Czech Republic in the middle of Europe .
Westlake Girls High School is a state girls secondary school , located to the west of Lake Pupuke in Takapuna , Auckland , New Zealand .
The Mexican Navy is one of the two independent Armed Forces of Mexico .
Otog Front Banner ( Mongolian : ᠣᠲᠣᠭ ᠤᠨ ᠡᠮᠦᠨᠡᠳᠦ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Otoɣ - un Emünedü qosiɣu ; Chinese : 鄂托克前旗 ; pinyin : Ètuōkè Qiánqí ) is a banner of southwestern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , bordering Ningxia to the southwest and Shaanxi province to the southeast .
The Baldwin Steps are a public outdoor staircase located in Toronto , Canada dating from the 19th century .
Delbudani ( Persian : دل بودني‎ , also Romanized as Delbūdanī ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Pulkau is a city in the district of Hollabrunn in Lower Austria , Austria .
The Hunnia Film Studio was the largest and most important film studio in Hungary .
North Caicos is the second - largest island in the Turks and Caicos Islands ( after Middle Caicos ) .
Krahulčí ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkraɦultʃiː ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Podgrodzisk ( pɔdˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Tomé is a port city and commune in the Biobío Region of Chile .
Strizivojna is a village and a municipality in Osijek - Baranja County , Croatia , located between Vrpolje and Stari Mikanovci .
Dhangadhi is a Sub Metropolitan city in Far western Nepal .
The Pontifical Institute of Arab and Islamic Studies ( Latin : Pontificium Institutum Studiorum Arabicorum et Islamisticae , Italian : Pontificio Istltuto di Studi Arabi e d’Islamistica , P.I.S.A.I. ) is a Roman Catholic academic organization in Rome , Italy .
The Borgo Storico Seghetti Panichi near Ascoli Piceno in Marche region of central Italy comprises a 13th to 18th - century villa , a 19th - century romantic landscape by Ludwig Winter ( one of the Grandi Giardini Italiani ) , a 16th - century chapel to St. Pancras and a farmstead which has been converted into a hotel .
Uchylsko ( uˈxɨlskɔ ) is a village in Gmina Gorzyce , Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic .
In July 2010 , it was reported that the Parliamentary Constituency of Ladywood had the highest rate of unemployment out of all the constituencies in the United Kingdom with 10.8 % claiming Jobseeker 's Allowance .
Wanderers Special Club ( often abbreviated as Wanderers SC ) were a football ( soccer ) club based in Auckland , New Zealand .
The Jheel Park or Society Jheel Park ( Urdu : جھیل پارک یا سوسائٹی جھیل پارک ‎ ) , is situated near Tariq Road in P.E.C.H Society , Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Bikini Atoll Airport , also known as Enyu Airfield , is a public use airstrip at Enyu on Bikini Atoll , Marshall Islands .
Orakei Korako ( Māori for `` The Place of Adorning '' ) , is a highly active geothermal area most notable for its series of fault - stepped sinter terraces , located in a valley north of Taupo on the banks of the Waikato River in the Taupo Volcanic Zone , New Zealand .
Lispeszentadorján ( Croatian : Lupša i Vudrijan ) is a village of 334 people ( 2005 population ) in Hungary .
Tirstrup is a small town in East Jutland , Denmark with a population of 483 as of 1 January 2014 .
Ant Atoll is a small atoll lying off the west coast of Pohnpei in the Federated States of Micronesia .
Mariinsk ( Russian : Марии́нск ) is a town in Kemerovo Oblast , Russia , located at the intersection of the Kiya River ( Ob 's basin ) and the Trans - Siberian Railway , 180 kilometers ( 110 mi ) northeast of Kemerovo , the administrative center of the oblast .
Sambród Mały ( ˈsambrut ˈmawɨ ) ( German : Klein Samrodt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bellevue Airport ( ICAO : YBLU ) is located near Leinster in Western Australia , and is not in any way related to the locality in the Perth , Western Australia foothills .
Krimpenerwaard is a municipality of the Netherlands .
Attanagh railway station served the town of Attanagh in County Laois , Ireland .
Ølensjøen or Ølen is the administrative centre of Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Madhavaram Junction is an important junction in the city of Chennai , India .
Baghpat ( Hindi : बाघपत or बाग़पत ) is a town of NCR and a Municipal board in Baghpat district in western Uttar Pradesh , India .
RAF Cleave is a former RAF station located 4.2 miles ( 6.8 km ) north of Bude in Cornwall , United Kingdom , which was operational from 1939 until 1945 .
St. Ottilien Archabbey ( St. Ottilia 's Archabbey ) is a Benedictine monastery in Emming near Eresing and the Ammersee in the district of Landsberg , Oberbayern , Germany .
Reims Management School ( RMS ) was a business school or grande école in Reims , France , offering several specialized programs .
Duneh ( Persian : دونه‎ , also Romanized as Dūneh and Downah ) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Puchberg am Schneeberg is a town in the south - eastern part of Lower Austria with approx . 2650 inhabitants .
The Biographie Nationale de Belgique is the biographical dictionary of Belgium and its predecessor states .
Jadrtovac ( Italian : Castell′Andreis ) is a village in Croatia .
Andohajango is a town or commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
Ixhuatlancillo is in the central zone of the state of Veracruz , Mexico , about 165 km from state capital Xalapa .
Navalcarnero is a municipality in the Community of Madrid , Spain , located about 31 km from Madrid .
Saint - Gabriel - de - Valcartier is a municipality in the Capitale - Nationale region of Quebec , Canada , located in the Jacques - Cartier River valley .
The Spaarne is a river , in North Holland , Netherlands .
Malam Jabba ( also Maalam Jabba , Pashto : مالم جبہ ) is a Hill Station in the Hindu Kush mountain range nearly 40 km from Saidu Sharif in Swat Valley , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
DLF SEZ is an information technology ( IT ) park situated in the city of Chennai , India .
Vernik ( definite Albanian form : Verniku , Macedonian : Врбник , Vrbnik ) is a village in the former Qendër Bilisht Municipality of the Korçë County in Albania , on the border with Krystallopigi in Greece .
In 2009 Greater Kailash was rated as the safest place in Delhi by Times of India , after 2008 serial blast took place in M - Block market .
Biskupići ( Serbian : Бискупићи ) is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje , Serbia .
Ningguo ( simplified Chinese : 宁国市 ; traditional Chinese : 寧國市 ; pinyin : Níngguó Shì ) is a county - level city in the province of Anhui , People 's Republic of China , under the administration of Xuancheng City .
Aurel Vlaicu University of Arad is a public university founded in 1990 in Arad , Romania .
Hanigovce ( German : Hönigsdorf ; Hungarian : Hőnig ) is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Langol ( Persian : لنگل‎ ; also known as Lagūl , Langul , and Lankol ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Schlieregg is a tiny village in Thun , Berner Oberland , Switzerland .
Atašiene parish ( Latvian : Atašienes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Krustpils Municipality , Latvia .
Chukotka Autonomous Okrug ( Russian : Чуко́тский автоно́мный о́круг , tr . Chukotsky avtonomny okrug ; IPA : ( tɕʊˈkotskʲɪj ɐftɐˈnomnɨj ˈokrʊk ) ; Chukchi : Чукоткакэн автономныкэн округ , Chukotkaken avtonomnyken okrug ) or Chukotka ( Чуко́тка ) is a federal subject of Russia ( an autonomous okrug ) located in the Russian Far East .
El Adelanto ( Spanish pronunciation : ( el aðeˈlanto ) ) is a municipality in the Jutiapa department of Guatemala .
The International School Bangalore ( TISB ) is a private educational institution located in the Sarjapura Varthur road in Bangalore , India .
Viva Green is a Viva bus rapid transit line in York Region , north of Toronto , Canada .
The Central Pentecostal Tabernacle was a Pentecostal church in Edmonton , Canada that stood until 2007 .
Pamiers ( French : ( pa.mje ) ) is a commune in the Ariège department in the Midi - Pyrénées region in southwestern France .
Flecheiras ( also called : Fleicheiras and Flexeiras ) is a fishing village on the northeastern coast of Ceará , Brazil .
Sigeion commanded a ridge between the Aegean Sea and the Scamander which is now known as Yenişehir and is a part of the Çanakkale district in Çanakkale province , Turkey .
Male Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel van Male ) is a former castle in Male , once a separate village , now part of Sint - Kruis , a suburb of Bruges , West Flanders , Belgium .
The Blow Hole is a short marine passage or strait separating Minstrel Island on the north from East Cracroft Island to the south , in the lower Knight Inlet region of the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada .
Moncófar ( in valencian and officially Moncofa ) is a municipio of Castellón ( province ) in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Zardchin ( Persian : زردچين‎ , also Romanized as Zardchīn ) is a village in Alamut - e Bala Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Katakado Dam is a gravity dam on the Tadami River 5 km ( 3 mi ) west of Aizubange in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan .
Wałkonowy Górne ( vau̯kɔˈnɔvɨ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The current Francis Howell High School is located between Highway 94 South and Highway D. The property was originally purchased in 1949 from the United States of America under the jurisdiction of the War Assets Administration .
Spicers Gap is a mountain pass that is located 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) west of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , and was the original route over the Great Dividing Range in the area around Brisbane .
Al - Ahmadiyah Madrasa ( Arabic : المدرسة الأحمدية‎ ) is a madrasah complex in old Aleppo , Syria .
Castillo de Belalcázar ( also , castillo de los Sotomayor Zúñiga y Madróñiz , or castillo de Gahete or castillo de Gafiq ) is a Gothic castle in the city of Belalcázar , province of Córdoba , southern Spain .
Akmenė ( pronounced : ( ɐkmæˈːneː ) ) is a city in northern Lithuania .
Zhuhai International Circuit ( ZIC ) is located at Jin Ding town in Zhuhai City , Guangdong Province , People 's Republic of China .
The Cavalla River ( also known as the Cavally , the Youbou and the Diougou ) is a river in West Africa running from north of Mont Nimba in Guinea , through Côte d'Ivoire , to Zwedru in Liberia , and back to the border with Côte d'Ivoire .
With more than 500.000 visits per month Perlentaucher claims to be the biggest culture magazine in Germany .
Malibu Islet , also known as Malibu Isle or Forbidden Island , is located at the entrance of Princess Louisa Inlet , south of Malibu Rapids , east of Queens Reach , a stretch of Jervis Inlet in the New Westminster Land District , British Columbia , Canada .
Shel Darreh ( Persian : شلدره‎ , also Romanized as Shol Darreh ) is a village in Farim Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Vischering Castle ( German : Burg Vischering ) in Lüdinghausen , North Rhine - Westfalia is the most typical moated castle in the Münster region of Germany .
President 's Choice ( French : Le choix du Président ) also known as `` PC '' , is a private label or store brand owned by Loblaw Companies Limited , Canada 's largest food retailer .
The Sun News - Pictorial , also known as The Sun , was a morning daily tabloid newspaper in Melbourne , Australia , established in 1922 and closed in 1990 .
Lake Rosseau / Morgan Bay Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CMB4 ) , is located 2.7 nautical miles ( 5.0 km ; 3.1 mi ) south southwest of Rosseau , Ontario , Canada .
The Kesselkogel ( Italian : Catinaccio d'Antermoia ) is the highest mountain of the Rosengarten group in the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
DAMAC Maison - Paramount Tower 2 is a 250-metre - tall ( 820 ft ) residential tower under construction in Downtown Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Gugi ( Persian : گوگي‎ , also Romanized as Gūgī ; also known as Gooki ) is a village in Khafrak - e Olya Rural District , Seyyedan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Comedy Cluj is an international film festival of comedy film organized annually in October in Cluj - Napoca , Transylvania , Romania .
Hethel is noted for containing the oldest known living hawthorn tree in East Anglia and possibly in the United Kingdom ( reputed to be more than 700 years old ) .
Həftəsov ( also , Hərtəsou , Hərtəsov , Gaftasiab , Gaftasiyab , and Gaftasov ) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan , approximately 6 km north of Lahic .
Rimini railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Rimini ) is the main station serving the city and comune of Rimini , in the region of Emilia - Romagna , northern Italy .
Castelvetere sul Calore is a comune in the province of Avellino , Campania , southern Italy .
Surbo ( Greek : Syrvos ) is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south - east Italy .
Kyaukme Township is a township of Kyaukme District in the Shan State of eastern Burma ( Myanmar ) .
The Port of Decatur is a transshipment port on the Tennessee River , in the city of Decatur , Alabama , United States of America .
Lilydale Heights College is a government secondary school located in the suburb of Lilydale , east of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Krajewo Białe ( kraˈjɛvɔ ˈbjawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kamienica Szlachecka ( kamjɛˈnit͡sa ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska ) ( Kashubian Kamiéńca Szlacheckô , German : Adlig Kamienitza ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Abdallahabad ( Persian : مزرعه عبداله اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye ʿAbdāllahābād ) is a village in Palangabad Rural District , Palangabad District , Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Aklavik Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CER6 ) is located adjacent to Aklavik , Northwest Territories , Canada on the Peel Channel of the Mackenzie River delta .
Lilleborg AS is a major hygiene and cleaning article company in Norway , owned by the Orkla Group .
The Murano Glass Museum ( Italian : Museo del Vetro ) is a museum on the history of glass , including local Murano glass , located on the island of Murano , just north of Venice , Italy .
Jijel ( Arabic : جيجل‎ , formerly known as Ighil Gili or Djidjelli ) is the capital of Jijel Province in north - eastern Algeria .
Neu - Ems Castle ( German : Burg Neu - Ems or Schloss Glopper ) is a medieval castle in Hohenems in the province of Vorarlberg , Austria .
Vargeh Sabztazeh ( Persian : وارگه سبزتازه‎ , also Romanized as Vārgeh Sabztāzeh ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Villa La Pietra is a renaissance villa in the hills outside Florence , in Tuscany in central Italy .
Pals is a medieval town in Catalonia , northern Spain a few kilometres from the sea in the heart of the Bay of Emporda on the Costa Brava .
The President of the Bundestag ( German : Präsident des Deutschen Bundestages or Bundestagspräsident ) presides over the sessions of the Bundestag , the parliament of Germany , with functions similar to that of a speaker in other countries .
Matzikama Local Municipality is a local municipality which governs the northernmost part of the Western Cape province of South Africa , including the towns of Vredendal , Vanrhynsdorp , Klawer and Lutzville , and the surrounding villages and rural areas .
Based in Vancouver , BC , Canada , Left Spine Down ( also known by the abbreviation LSD ) is a band that plays what they call `` cyberpunk , '' a mixture of electronica , metal , punk , and drum & bass which can be described as some kind of digital hardcore .
Colonia Dublán began as a Mormon colony , located in the state of Chihuahua , Mexico .
Tossal dels Tres Reis ( Valencian pronunciation : ( toˈsaɫ deɫs ˈtɾez ˈrejs ) ) or Tossal del Rei is a mountain of the Ports de Tortosa - Beseit massif , Spain .
Dumanjići ( Serbian : Думањићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Eba Beyglu ( Persian : عبابيگلو‎ , also Romanized as `` Ebā Beyglū ) is a village in Azadlu Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 322 , in 68 families .
The Bahamas national football team is the national team of the Bahamas and is controlled by the Bahamas Football Association ; it was founded in 1969 and joined FIFA in 1968 .
Milcza ( ˈmʲilt͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sińczyk - Leśniczówka ( ˈɕiɲt͡ʂɨk lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Lake Cerknica ( pronounced ( ˈtseːɾknitsa ) ; Slovene : Cerkniško jezero , German : Zirknitzer See ) is an intermittent lake in the southern part of the Cerknica Polje , a karst polje in Inner Carniola , a region in southwestern Slovenia .
After organizing the Esperanto movement in the former East Germany , under the aegis of the quasi - governmental Cultural Association ( Kulturbund ) , the new Centra Laborrondo de Esperanto - Amikoj ( `` Central Workers ' Circle of Friends of Esperanto '' ) began publishing the bilingual Der Esperantist in the A5 format .
Stranje pri Velikem Gabru ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːnjɛ pɾi ˈʋeːlikɛm ˈɡaːbɾu ) ; German : Straindorf ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Pulyeh ( Persian : پوليه‎ , also Romanized as Pūlyeh ; also known as Pūleh and Pūlīā ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
At the urging of Jinavaravansa , a Siamese Monk who arrived at Piprahwa soon after the discovery , the bone relics from Peppe´s excavation were offered by the government of India to the King of Siam , who shared them with buddhist communities in other countries .
Myrza - Patcha ( Kyrgyz : Мырза-Патча ) is a small village located in Leilek District of Batken Region , Kyrgyzstan .
The Church of the Visitation in Ein Karem , Israel , honors the visit paid by the Virgin Mary , the mother of Jesus , to Elizabeth , the mother of John the Baptist .
Al - Arab Medical University ( Arabic : جامعة العرب الطبية‎ ) is a public university located in Benghazi , Libya .
Tihar Prisons , also called Tihar Jail and Tihar Ashram , is a prison complex in India and the largest complex of prisons in South Asia .
Cape Otway is a cape and a bounded locality of the Colac Otway Shire in southern Victoria , Australia on the Great Ocean Road ; much of the area is enclosed in the Great Otway National Park .
Deosar ( Devsar ) is a town and tehsil in Singrauli district , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Estelu ( Persian : اسطلو‎ , also Romanized as Esţelū ; also known as Esţelūlajbīn ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Făget mine is a large mine in the northwest of Romania in Rodna , Bistriţa - Năsăud County , 50 km southwest of Bistriţa and 699 km north - west of the capital , Bucharest .
Koniecwałd ( kɔˈɲet͡sfau̯t ) ( German Conradswalde or Konradswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tasitolu ( Tasi tolu , translates as `` three waters '' ) is a protected area on the coast of East Timor , 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) west of the capital Dili .
Asparagus Island is a small tidal island on the eastern side of Mount 's Bay , within the parish of Mullion , Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Krzywowola ( kʂɨvɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Dove Marine Laboratory is a research and teaching laboratory which forms part of the School of Marine Science and Technology within Newcastle University in the United Kingdom .
Vassacher See is a small lake north of the Carinthian city of Villach , Austria .
Vatulele ( pronounced ( Vaatuˈlele ) ) is a coral and volcanic island 30 kilometers south of Viti Levu , Fiji 's largest island .
South Black Rock is a small island with an area of < 1 ha , in Bass Strait , south - eastern Australia .
Radio Bremen ( RB ) , Germany 's smallest public radio and television broadcaster , is the legally mandated broadcaster for the city - state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen ( which includes Bremerhaven ) .
Kanaker ( Armenian : Քանաքեռ ; also Romanized as K’anak’err , Kenaker , Kanaker , and Qanaqer ) was a town in Armenia to the north - east of the capital Yerevan .
The Belfast West by - election , 2011 was a by - election for the United Kingdom constituency of Belfast West following the resignation of the constituency 's Member of Parliament , Gerry Adams in advance of his candidacy in the 2011 general election in the Republic of Ireland .
San Pedro Relocation Center National High School ( SPRCNHS ) is a public secondary high school located at Barangay Langgam , San Pedro , Laguna , Philippines .
Nowy Gołębin ( ˈnɔvɨ ɡɔˈwɛmbin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Poor Sisters of St. Francis ( Latin : Sorores Pauperae santi Francisci , abrreviated as S.P.S.F. ) ( German : Armen - Schwestern vom heiligen Franziskus ) , also known as the Aachener Franzikanerinnen , are a religious congregation founded by the Blessed Mary Frances Schervier in 1845 in Germany .
The original No . 2 Commando , unlike the other commando units , was formed from volunteers from across the United Kingdom and was always intended to be a parachute unit .
Regionalist Party of Guadalajara ( in Spanish : Partido Regionalista de Guadalajara , PRGU ) is a political party in the province of Guadalajara , Spain .
Rafsbotn Chapel ( Norwegian : Rafsbotn kapell ) is a chapel in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Aminidivi Islands , are one of the three island subgroups in the Union Territory of Lakshadweep , India .
The Hindu Higher Secondary School ( HHSS ) , located on Big Street , Triplicane , Chennai , India , is one of the oldest secondary schools in South India , having been established in 1852 .
Narkowo ( narˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Central Prison Haripur is a prison in the city of Haripur in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
L.J. Institute of Pharmacy , commonly referred as LJIP , is a private management institute located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Allmannberget is a mountain in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Abu Garva - e Yek ( Persian : ابوگروايك‎ , also Romanized as Abū Garvā - e Yek ; also known as Abū Garvā , Abū Gervā , Abū Gorvā , and Abū Gorveh ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Micharzewo ( mixaˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Tasman Mill site is a pulp and paper mill located on Fletcher Avenue just outside the town of Kawerau in New Zealand .
Oenpelli Airport ( IATA : OPI , ICAO : YOEN ) is located at Oenpelli , Northern Territory , Australia
The Aquarium of Cattolica is the second large public aquarium in Italy .
Hwa Chong Junior College ( Chinese : 华中初级学院 ) was a junior college in Singapore offering pre - university education .
The Geldersche Stoomtramweg Maatschappij was a 750 mm ( 2 ft 5 1⁄2 in ) gauge steam tram that operated over 56 kilometres ( 35 mi ) between Arnhem , Doetinchem and Gendringen in the Netherlands , with a short section extending to Isselburg in Germany .
Kostomuksha ( Russian : Костому́кша ; Karelian : Koštamuš ; Finnish : Kostamus ) is a town in the northwest of the Republic of Karelia , Russia , located 30 kilometers ( 19 mi ) from the border with Finland , on the shore of Lake Kontoki .
In 1998 , Handelsbanken 's operations in Denmark , Finland and Norway were organised into regional banks , and started to operate in the same way as the regional bank organisation used by Handelsbanken in Sweden since the 1970s .
Jarkovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јарковац ) is a village in Serbia .
Amajari is a municipality located in the northwest of the state of Roraima in Brazil .
One of the highest elevations in north Germany is located near Sprötze : the Brunsberg south of the village is 129.5 metres ( 425 ft ) above sea level .
The Tiger Cave Temple ( Thai : วัดถ้ําเสือ , rtgs : Wat Tham Suea ) is a Buddhist temple located northeast of Krabi , Thailand .
Chaman ( also spelt Chaman ) ( Pashto / Urdu : چمن ) is the capital of Qilla Abdullah District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Cortina Airport is an abandoned airport located in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Veneto , Italy .
Rasulnagar is a town and Union council of Gujranwala District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Baraqueville ( La Barraca de Fraisse in Occitan ) is a French commune in the Aveyron department in the Midi - Pyrénées region of southern France .
The Tun Abdul Ghafar Baba Memorial ( Malay : Memorial Tun Abdul Ghafar Baba ) is a museum in Peringgit , Malacca , Malaysia .
The Copenhagen Opera House ( in Danish usually called Operaen ) is the national opera house of Denmark , and among the most modern opera houses in the world .
Nazca ( /ˈnɑːskɑː , -kə/ ; sometimes spelled Nasca ) is a city and system of valleys on the southern coast of Peru .
Helsingfors Skridskoklubb ( in Swedish , HSK ) , in Finnish Helsingin Luistinklubi , is the oldest figure skating club in Finland .
The University Health Network of which Toronto General Hospital is a part of , was ranked 1st in Canada in terms of research funding by Research Infosource Inc 's `` Canada 's Top 40 Research Hospitals 2012 '' .
In the late 1980s , an application to designate the Annapolis River as a Canada federal Heritage River was rejected because of the high levels of pollution in the river from residential and agricultural development .
Tankaman ( Persian : تنکمان‎ , also Romanized as Tankamān and Tangemān ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Qaleh Rutaleh ( Persian : قلعه روتله‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Rūtaleh ) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,001 , in 206 families .
Chah - e Osman , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه عثمان‎ ) is a village in Shuru Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Palizan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پالیزان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Ameca Valley ( Nahuatl : Iquajocho , Spanish : Valle de Ameca ) , also known as the Ameca - Cocula Valley , is a valley and drainage basin situated in central Jalisco , Mexico .
XEN - AM ( branded as La 69 ) is a radio station based in Mexico City and airing a news radio format on 690 kHz .
Metro Colegio Militar is a station on Line 2 of the Mexico City Metro system .
The Nishisonogi Peninsula ( 西彼杵半島 Nishi - sonogi hantō ) is a peninsula in northwest Kyūshū , Japan .
The Mbalam mine is a large iron mine located in south - east Cameroon in the East Region .
Delaware Speedway is a half - mile paved race track that is one of the oldest continuously operating tracks in Canada .
Tolombeh - ye Samareh - ye Yek ( Persian : تلمبه ثمره1‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye S̄amareh - ye Yek ; also known as Tolombeh and Tolombeh - ye S̄amareh ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Włodawa Synagogue ( Wlodowa Synagogue ) in Włodawa , Poland is an architectural complex consisting of two historic synagogues and a Jewish administrative building , now preserved as a museum .
Studzianki Pancerne ( stuˈd͡ʑaŋki panˈt͡sɛrnɛ ) ( until 1969 Studzianki ) is a village in Poland , in Masovian Voivodeship , near Kozienice and Głowaczów .
The Toot Oilfield is an oilfield in the Pothohar Plateau of northern Pakistan .
Gabela Polje is a small village in the Čapljina municipality of Herzegovina , part of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , which is in turn part of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The New Sarawak State Legislative Assembly Building ( Malay : Bangunan Dewan Undangan Negeri Sarawak Baru ) is the current state legislative complex of Sarawak , located in Kuching , Malaysia .
Pukanec ( German : Bugganz / Puk(k)an(t)z , Hungarian : Bakabánya ; Turkish : Bukabak ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of southern Slovakia .
Sedment is the name of a village in Egypt .
Koovee is one of the biggest sport clubs in Finland .
Guadalupe Hill is a hill located in Downtown Bogotá , Colombia .
Bangomunda a tehsil located at about 95 km from the Balangir - Patnagarh road in Titlagarh sub - division of Bolangir district , Odisha , India , has immense historical importance .
Budzów - Kolonia ( ˈbud͡zuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoszowice , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Cham Namesht ( Persian : چم نمشت‎ ) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Lishan District ( simplified Chinese : 立山区 ; traditional Chinese : 立山區 ; pinyin : Lìshān Qū ) is a district of Anshan City , Liaoning , People 's Republic of China .
Tat Ali is a low Holocene shield volcano located in the northern part of the Afar Region of Ethiopia .
Pola de Siero ( in Asturian and as official name La Pola Siero , and also known as La Pola colloquially ) is a town in the autonomous community of Asturias on the north coast of the Kingdom of Spain .
The Episcopal Diocese of Northwest Texas is one of the Dioceses of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Nyzhnohirskyi ( Ukrainian : Нижньогірський ; Russian : Нижнегорский ; Crimean Tatar : Seyitler ) ( until 1944 , Seyitler ) is an urban - type settlement in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Ardal ( Persian : اردل‎ , also romanized as Ardel ) is a city in and the capital of Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Penlee Lifeboat Station is the base for Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) search and rescue operations for Mount 's Bay in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
The Bandarawela Hotel is a 33 room British colonial hotel located in Bandarawela , Sri Lanka .
Morra De Sanctis is a town and comune in the province of Avellino , Campania , southern Italy .
Communist Party of the Valencians ( in Catalan : Partit Comunista dels Valencians ) was a political party in Valencian Community , Spain .
Villa Alemana ( `` German Town '' in English ) is a city and commune in Chile 's Zona Central .
Nyarugenge is a sector ( umurenge ) located in Nyarugenge District , Kigali Province , Rwanda .
Kanyaka Station was a cattle and sheep station in the Flinders Ranges of South Australia approximately 40 km north - north - east of Quorn , South Australia .
Selonia ( Latvian : Sēlija ; Lithuanian : Sėla ) , also known as Augšzeme ( the `` Highland '' ) , is a cultural region of Latvia encompassing the eastern part of the historical region of Semigallia ( Latvian : Zemgale ) .
Shuswap ( Skwlax Field ) Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSQ2 ) , is located northeast of Chase , British Columbia , Canada .
Colin Maiden Park is a sports ground in Auckland , New Zealand , located alongside the University of Auckland Tamaki Campus .
Avachinsky ( also known as Avacha or Avacha Volcano or Avachinskaya Sopka ) ( Russian : Авачинская сопка , Авача ) is an active stratovolcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the far east of Russia .
Twee Riviere ( accepted spelling ) is a town in Sarah Baartman District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Homs Military Academy is a military educational and training institution located in Homs , Syria .
Westville Boys ' High School , often referred to as WBHS , is a public high school for boys located in Westville , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Bajša ( Serbian : Bajša or Бајша , Hungarian : Bajsa ) is a village located in the Bačka Topola municipality , in the North Bačka District of Serbia .
Chavagnes ( also called Chavagnes - les - Eaux ) is a commune in the Maine - et - Loire department of western France .
Tranebergsbron ( Swedish : `` The Traneberg Bridge '' ) is a double arch bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Mount Tanagra is a mountain in Greece Mount Tanagra was known as Mount Cerycius in Ancient Greece .
Doumanani is a village and seat of the commune of Miria in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Brown 's Town is one of the principal towns in St. Ann , Jamaica .
The Barbican Centre is owned , funded , and managed by the City of London Corporation , the third - largest artsfunder in the United Kingdom .
Medgaz is a submarine natural gas pipeline between Algeria and Spain .
Överselö Church ( Swedish : Överselö kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church located on Selaön near Strängnäs in Södermanland County , Sweden .
Haruku Island is an island in Central Maluku Regency , Maluku Province , Indonesia - lying east of Ambon Island , off the southern coast of Seram and just west of Saparua .
Vadarci ( Hungarian : Tiborfa ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Matiguás ( Spanish pronunciation : ( matiˈɣwas ) ) is a municipality in the Matagalpa department of Nicaragua .
Tokyngton Manor F.C. is a football club based in Tokyngton in the London Borough of Brent , United Kingdom .
Glen Waverley railway station is the terminus of the Glen Waverley line in Victoria , Australia .
Kleinlützel ( French : Petit - Lucelle ) is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The Great Hall of Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore , Italy , is one of the principal structures of the University , with a public interior used for formal ceremonies , conferences , recitals and lessons .
Opononi and Omapere are dual settlements on the south shore of the Hokianga harbour in Northland Region , New Zealand .
The Lake Hawdon System Important Bird Area comprises an area of 374 square kilometres ( 144 sq mi ) covering a series of five coastal lakes in the Limestone Coast of South Australia .
Tork - e Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ترك شرقي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bayatabad ( Persian : بيت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bayātābād and Beytābād ) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Solentiname Islands ( Spanish pronunciation : ( solentiˈname ) ) are an archipelago towards the southern end of Lake Nicaragua ( also known as Lake Cocibolca ) in the Nicaraguan department of Río San Juan .
Krolevets ( Ukrainian : Krolevets ) is a city in Sumy Oblast , Ukraine .
Kumtor Gold Mine ( in Kirghiz , `` Kumtör '' ) is an open - pit gold mining site in Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan located about 350 km ( 220 mi ) southeast of the capital Bishkek and 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of Lake Issyk - Kul near the border with China .
Juan Manuel Gálvez International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Juan Manuel Gálvez ) ( IATA : RTB , ICAO : MHRO ) is an airport located on the island of Roatán in the Bay Islands Department in Honduras .
Borzyszkowiec ( bɔʐɨʂˈkɔvjɛt͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Eckmühl ( formerly known in English as Eggmuhl , in Bavaria officially as Eggmühl ) is a village of Germany , in Bavaria , on the Große Laaber , 20 km S.E. of Regensburg .
Northern Marianas College ( NMC ) is a two - year community college located in the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands ( CNMI ) .
The Provence Alps and Prealps ( Alpes et Préalpes de Provence in French ) are a mountain range in the south - western part of the Alps , located in Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur ( France ) .
The Cathedral of Brasília ( Catedral Metropolitana Nossa Senhora Aparecida- `` Metropolitan Cathedral of Our Lady of Aparecida '' ) is the Roman Catholic cathedral serving Brasília , Brazil , and serves as the seat of the Archdiocese of Brasília .
Munich International School ( MIS ) is a private international school located in Starnberg , south of Munich , Germany .
Biquz ( Persian : بي قوز‎ , also Romanized as Bīqūz ) is a village in Targavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Nubian Swell is a geologic structural uplift in northern Africa that trends east - west and separates the lower Nile of Egypt from the Sudan basin .
The Moggill Ferry is a cable ferry crossing the Brisbane River between the suburbs of Moggill in Brisbane and Riverview in Ipswich , Queensland Australia .
Baba Kuhak ( Persian : باباكوهك‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Kūhak ) is a village in Banesh Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kfar Yona ( Hebrew : כְּפַר יוֹנָה , Arabic : كفار يونا‎ ) is a city in the Sharon subdistrict in the Center District of Israel .
La Teste - de - Buch ( French pronunciation : ​(la tɛst də ˈbyk ) ; Occitan : La Tèsta de Bug ( la ˈtɛstɔ ðe ˈβyk ) ) is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Asmara Synagogue ( Hebrew : בית הכנסת של אסמרה‎ , Arabic : معبد أسمرا‎ ) is the only surviving remnant of the Jewish community in Eritrea .
Grabowce Dolne ( ɡraˈbɔft͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Thirparappu is famous for its waterfalls and is located in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu in the southern part of India .
Särö Västerskog is a nature reserve located in Kungsbacka Municipality , Sweden , on a peninsula west of the locality of Särö .
Stenbjerg is a fishing village on the former island of Thy in the northwest of Jutland , Denmark .
Angerdshestra ( a´njærds ) is a former parish in the municipality of Jönköping , Småland in southern Sweden .
Maota Airport ( IATA : MXS , ICAO : NSMA ) is the main domestic airport on the island of Savai'i in Samoa .
Aghzaikas ( Urdu : اغزیکاس‎ ) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Brønshøj Water Tower ( Danish : Brønshøj Vandtårn ) is a water tower in the Brønshøj district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Agawa Canyon railway station in Agawa Canyon , Ontario , Canada , is a railway station which acts as the terminus for the Algoma Central Railway train service .
The Museum of the Center for the Acropolis Studies is a museum in Athens , Greece , a part of the new Acropolis Museum and its research workshops .
Kaveh - ye Sofla ( Persian : كاوه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kāveh - ye Soflá ; also known as Kāveh ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Monti Dauni ( also known as Subappennino Dauno or Monti della Daunia ) is a mountain range in southern Italy , constituting the eastern appendix of the Campanian Apennines .
Totano Bandai is an administrative unit , known as Union council , of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Moni Power Station is the second power plant the Electricity Authority of Cyprus built .
Przydół ( ˈpʂɨduu̯ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Davudabad - e Mokhtar ( Persian : داودابادمختار‎ , also Romanized as Dāvūdābād - e Mokhtār ; also known as Dāvodābād and Dāvūdābād ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Snøhvit ( English : Snow White ) is the name of a natural gas field in the Norwegian Sea , situated 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) northwest of Hammerfest , Norway .
Disko Bay ( Greenlandic : Qeqertarsuup tunua ; Danish : Diskobugten ) is a bay on the western coast of Greenland .
Froðba ( Danish : Frodebø ) is a village located farthest out on the north brink of Trongisvágsfjørður , an inlet on the east coast of the island of Suðuroy in the Faroe Islands .
Leopard Pro Cycling is a Luxembourg based team which acts as a development team for professional road racing cyclists .
The Diomede Islands ( /ˌdaɪ.əˈmiːdiː/ ; Russian : острова́ Диоми́да , ostrová Diomída ) , also known in Russia as Gvozdev Islands ( Russian : острова́ Гво́здева , ostrová Gvozdjeva ) , consist of two rocky , mesa - like islands :
Klarälven ( `` The clear river '' in Swedish ) is a river flowing through Norway and Sweden .
Chilseong Market Station is a station of the first line of Daegu , South Korea .
Yakymivka ( Ukrainian : Якимівка ) is an urban - type settlement in Zaporizhia Oblast ( province ) in east - central Ukraine .
Firebase Vera was a U.S. Army firebase located near the Cambodian border southwest of Pleiku in central Vietnam .
Slobozia ( Romanian pronunciation : ( sloboˈzi.a ) ) is the capital city of Ialomiţa County , Romania , with a population of 52,710 in 2002 .
Along with EMI and Apple Records , Electrola also released several of The Beatles ' singles and albums in Germany , including their 1970 album Hey Jude ( album ) and their 1965 album Help ! ( album ) .
Pirasmillu ( Persian : پيراسميلو‎ , also Romanized as Pīrāsmīllū ; also known as Perūs Mūl and Pīrāsmellū ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Metten Abbey , or St. Michael 's Abbey at Metten ( in German Abtei Metten or Kloster Metten ) is a house of the Benedictine Order in Metten near Deggendorf , situated between the fringes of the Bavarian Forest and the valley of the Danube , in Bavaria in Germany .
A - dos - Ruivos is a village located in near Carvalhal , at Bombarral , Portugal .
Tarnowo Podgórne ( tarˈnɔvɔ pɔdˈɡurnɛ ) is an urbanized village in Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kričanovo ( Serbian : Кричаново ) is a village in the Bosnia and Herzegovina ,
Brattsund Bridge ( Norwegian : Brattsund bru ) is a cantilever bridge in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county , Norway .
The Puente de la Mujer ( Women 's Bridge ) , by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava , is the newest link between the east and west docks of Puerto Madero ; a museum inaugurated in 2008 , the Fortabat Art Collection , itself resulted from an initiative by Amalia Lacroze de Fortabat ( the wealthiest woman in Argentina ) .
Marble Hall is a town in the south of the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Pastende Manor ( Latvian : Pastendes muižas pils ) is a manor house in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
The Catedral de Santa Clara de Asís ( Saint Claire of Assisi Cathedral ) is a cathedral located in the city of Santa Clara , Cuba .
Based in Sudbury , Ontario , Canada , Collège Boréal has a total of 42 access centres across 28 cities in the province , including main campuses in Hearst , Kapuskasing , Nipissing , Sudbury , Temiskaming Shores , Timmins and Toronto .
Jingjiang Princes ' City ( Chinese : 靖江王城 ; pinyin : Jingjiang Wang Cheng ) is a noted historical site in Guilin , Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
The 2007 World Men 's Handball Championship took place from 19 January to 4 February 2007 in Germany .
The Postal and Telegraph Clerks ' Association was a trade union in the United Kingdom for workers in the post office and telecommunications industries .
La Villa River is a river of Panama , in the province of Los Santos in the peninsula of Azuero .
Sporting Sports Arena , AKA Sporting Indoor Hall is an indoor basketball sporting arena that is located in the area of Patissia , Athens , Greece .
Cuello is a Maya archaeological site in northern Belize .
Suqian ( simplified Chinese : 宿迁 ; traditional Chinese : 宿遷 ; pinyin : Sùqiān ) is a prefecture - level city in northern Jiangsu Province , People 's Republic of China .
Skreanäs is a locality situated in Falkenberg Municipality , Halland County , Sweden with 243 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Trillium Book Award / Prix Trillium is an annual book prize sponsored by the Government of Ontario , Canada .
Aranaiyur is a village situated in the Sivagangai District in Tamil Nadu , India .
Villa Allende is a city in the center of Córdoba Province , Argentina in the department of Colón .
Gmina Chełmno is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Kysucké Beskydy is a set of mountain ranges in the Kysuce region of northern Slovakia .
Qobu ( also , Kobi and Kobu ) is a village and municipality in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Połaniec Power Station is a coal - fired power station near Połaniec in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , Poland .
Lončarovci ( Hungarian : Gerőháza , ) is a village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
The Great Leap Forward ( Chinese : 大跃进 ; pinyin : Dà yuè jìn ) of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) was an economic and social campaign by the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) from 1958 to 1961 .
Dedan Kimathi University of Technology ( DeKUT ) is a public , coeducational technological university in Nyeri , Kenya .
The Municipality of Naklo ( pronounced ( ˈnaːklɔ ) ; Slovene : Občina Naklo ) is one of the municipalities in northwestern Slovenia .
Captains Mountain is a mountain located near Millmerran in Queensland , Australia .
In 1832 , Mussoorie was the intended terminus of the Great Trigonometric Survey of India that began at the southern tip of India .
Pohangina is a small rural town in the Manawatu - Wanganui region of New Zealand .
Whangarei Heads is a locality and promontory on the northern side of the Whangarei Harbour in Northland , New Zealand .
Qoşaqışlaq ( also , Khardashan , Khardashan , Kishlak , Koshakishlag , and Koshakyshlak ) is a village in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Moguer is a municipality and small city located in the province of Huelva , Andalusia , Spain .
Netravali ( Konkani:नेत्रावळी ) is a census town in Sanguem taluka , South Goa district in the state of Goa , India .
Bolshoy Solovetsky Island ( Russian : Большой Соловецкий остров ) , or simply Solovetsky Island ( Russian : Соловецкий остров ) is the biggest island of the Solovetsky Islands archipelago in the White Sea , northern Russia .
Khun Khan National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติขุนขาน ) is a national park in Thailand 's Chiang Mai Province .
Gradno ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾaːdnɔ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Qurdarik - e Sofla ( Persian : قوردريك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qūrdarīk - e Soflá ; also known as Qūrdīk - e Pā'īn and Qūrdīk - e Soflá ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bogatovo is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo , in Gabrovo Province , in northern central Bulgaria .
Agaro ( or Haggaro ) is a town and separate woreda in south - western Ethiopia .
Bahalike railway station ( Urdu : باہالائک ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located on the Lahore - Faisalabad mainline in Pakistan .
The Deportivo Táchira is a sport institution of the city of San Cristobal , Venezuela and its main activity is professional football .
Olkhovy Volcanic Group ( Russian : Группа Ольхового ) is a volcanic group located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Chahar Qaleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : چهارقلعه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Qal``eh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 175 , in 28 families .
Domowina ( Sorbian : `` Home '' ) is a political independent league of the Sorbian and Wendish people and umbrella organization of Sorbian societies in Lower and Upper Lusatia , Germany .
City - Air was an airline based in Germany which suspended operations in February 2004 and was expected to file for insolvency .
Gananoque ( /ˌɡænəˈnɒkweɪ/ GAN - ə - NOK - way ) is a town in the Leeds and Grenville area of Ontario , Canada .
Wak'a Wallamarka ( Quechua wak'a a local god of protection , a sacred object or place / sacred , Walla a people , marka village , hispanicized spellings Huaca Huallamarca ) , also known as Wak'a Pan de Azúcar ( Spanish pan de azúcar sugar loaf ) , is an archaeological site in Peru .
The Greek Women 's Cup ( Greek : Κυπελλούχοι Ελλάδας ) is the national women 's football cup competition in Greece .
Yukshin Gardan Sar is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range in Pakistan .
Nicoya , a city on the Nicoya Peninsula of the Guanacaste province , Costa Rica , is one of the country 's most important tourist zones ; it serves as a transport hub to Guanacaste 's beaches and national parks .
Aparecida do Rio Doce is a town and municipality in southwest Goiás state , Brazil .
Gämi is a village and suburb on the southeastern outskirts of Ashgabat , Turkmenistan , approximately 5 kilometres from the city centre .
Kızkalesi ( English : Maiden 's castle ) is a town in Mersin Province , Turkey .
Port Elizabeth railway station is a railway station , located in Port Elizabeth , South Africa .
Baku State Circus ( Azerbaijani : Bakı Dövlət Sirki ) - is the main arena circus of Baku , capital of Azerbaijan .
Korplje ( pronounced ( ˈkoːɾpljɛ ) ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Ložnica River in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Vistan - e Pain ( Persian : ويستان پائين‎ , also Romanized as Vīstān - e Pā’īn , Veyestān - e Pā’īn , and Wistān Pāīn ; also known as Wistān ) is a village in Khorramdarreh Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramdarreh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Vunakanau is situated on a plateau just outside Rabaul , Papua New Guinea .
Drosera roraimae is a sundew native to Brazil , Guyana , and Venezuela .
Ktery B is a village located in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mərcimək ( also , Merdzhimek ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
MBS College of Crete is an accredited private college in Heraklion , Crete , Greece .
Petrolândia ( Petroland , named in honour of Dom Pedro II ) is a municipality in the state of Pernambuco , Brazil .
Gol Dig - e Silab ( Persian : گل ديگ سيلاب‎ , also Romanized as Gol Dīg - e Sīlāb ; also known as Gol Dīg ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Freeflight International Airport , also known as Dyess Army Airfield , is a military airbase at Roi - Namur on Kwajalein Atoll , Marshall Islands .
Vladušići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владушићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bitritto is a town and comune in the province of Bari , Apulia , in southern Italy .
Fraubrunnen District was one of the 26 administrative districts in the canton of Bern , Switzerland .
Trzebośnica is a left tributary of the San River in southeastern Poland .
Damankuh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دامنكوه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Barzrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان برزرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Adeiso is capital of Upper West Akim Constituency and of the Upper West Akim district of the Eastern Region of Ghana .
Kushk - e Arbabi ( Persian : كوشك اربابي‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Arbābī ) is a village in Lajran Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Sisimiut , formerly Holsteinsborg , is a town in central - western Greenland , located on the coast of Davis Strait , approximately 320 km ( 200 mi ) north of Nuuk .
Ziarat Posht ( Persian : زيارت پشت‎ , also Romanized as Zīārat Posht ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Balazhiyeh ( Persian : بالاژيه‎ , also Romanized as Bālāzhīyeh ; also known Bālājī and Balājī - ye Vīznah ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hruševje ( pronounced ( ˈxɾuːʃɛu̯jɛ ) ; Italian : Cruscevie ) is a settlement west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Saunders Islet is a small island in the Northern part of Shelburne Bay in far north Queensland , Australia about 30 km north of Cape Grenville , Cape York Peninsula in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park .
Bhattiana no longer exists as an administrative unit and these regions are the parts of the Republic of India .
The Seraphim Medal ( Swedish : Serafimermedaljen ) is a royal medal of Sweden .
Mukteshvara Temple ( IAST : Mukteśvara ; also spelt Mukteswar ) is a 10th - century Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva located in Bhubaneswar , Odisha , India .
Hamzeh Qasem ( Persian : حمزه قاسم‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Qāsem ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ollantaytambo is a town and an Inca archaeological site in southern Peru some 60 kilometers northwest of the city of Cusco .
Øm Abbey was a Cistercian monastery founded in 1172 in the Diocese of Aarhus near the town of Rye , between the lakes of Mossø and Gudensø in central Jutland , Denmark .
Kalulushi is a town in the Copperbelt Province in north central Zambia .
Ampara Airport ( Sinhalese : අම්පාර ගුවන්තොටුපළ , Tamil : அம்பாறை விமான நிலையம் , IATA : ADP , ICAO : VCCG ) , also known Gal - Oya Airport , is a domestic airport in Gal - Oya in southeastern Sri Lanka .
Fistral Beach is in Fistral Bay ( Cornish : Porth an Vystel , meaning cove of the foul water ) on the north coast of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kelud ( Klut , Cloot , Kloet , Kloete , Keloed or Kelut ) is an active stratovolcano located in East Java , Indonesia .
Tur Bedar ( Persian : طوربدار‎ , also Romanized as Tūr Bedār and Tūrbedār ) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Seixal is known for being one of the few cities in Portugal under the power of the communist party for more than 20 years .
Miski ( Persian : مسكي‎ , also Romanized as Mīskī ) is a village in Zarabad - e Sharqi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bredfield House ( or White House as it was also known ) was a now - demolished country house situated in the village of Bredfield , around 2 miles north of Woodbridge , Suffolk , England , United Kingdom .
Sado Estuary Natural Reserve ( Portuguese : Reserva Natural do Estuário do Sado ) is a nature reserve in Portugal .
Heathrow Terminal 2 , also known as The Queen 's Terminal , is an airport terminal at Heathrow Airport , the main airport serving London , United Kingdom .
The Ang Mo Kio Police Division ( or ' F ' Division , Chinese : 宏茂桥警区 , Malay : Divisyen Polis Ang Mo Kio , Tamil : ஆங் மோ கியோ பிரிவு தலைமையகம் ) is a police division of the Singapore Police Force .
Kadakkal Devi Temple is situated at Kollam District , Kerala , India .
Acul Bay , also known as North Acul Bay , is a bay on the northern coast of Haiti north of the city of Acul - du - Nord and west of the city of Cap - Haïtien .
Sargel - e Farkhinvand ( Persian : سرگل فرخينوند‎ , also Romanized as Sargel - e Farkhīnvand ; also known as Sargel and Sargel - e Farkhīvand ) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District , Zagros District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Jalan Gunung Jerai , Federal Route 252 ( formerly Kedah state route K159 ) , is a federal road in Mount Jerai , Kedah , Malaysia .
Qassersuit Saqqaa is a strait of Greenland .
The Villa Marguerite or Château Marguerite is a mansion in Neussargues - Moissac in the Cantal department in the Auvergne region of France .
The 1909 Borujerd earthquake also known as Silakhor earthquake occurred in Silakhor plain ( in the south of today 's Borujerd County ) , Persia ( modern day Iran ) on January 23 .
Presbyterian Ladies ' College , Melbourne ( PLC ) , is an independent , private , Presbyterian , day and boarding school for girls , located in Burwood , an eastern suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Piz Sena ( also known as Vetta Sperella ) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps , located on the border between Italy and Switzerland .
Ahmed Al Jaber Air Base ( IATA : XIJ , ICAO : OKAJ ) is a Kuwait Air Force installation with part designated for operations by the U.S. Air Force and its allies .
Korczowa ( kɔrˈt͡ʂɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Корчова , Korchova ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Sišćani is a village in Croatia , located in the municipality of Čazma , Bjelovar - Bilogora .
Fourka ( Greek : Φούρκα , Aromanian : Furka ) is a village and a former community in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
The Ogilvie Mountains are a mountain range in the Yukon Territory of northwestern Canada .
Çandır , Serik is a township in the District of Serik , Antalya Province , Turkey .
Tirumalayapalem ( Telugu : తిరుమలాయపాలెం ) is a Mandal in Khammam district of Telangana , India .
Sahiloba ( until 2008 , Saratovka and Saratovsk ) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Montemitro ( also called Mundimitar ) is a small town and comune in the province of Campobasso in the Molise region of Italy , near the Trigno river .
Kol Koleh ( Persian : كل كله‎ ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Piranhas River ( Portuguese : Rio Piranhas - Açu ) , also known as the Açu River , is a river of northeastern Brazil .
Up - Park Camp ( often Up Park Camp ) was the headquarters of the British Army in Jamaica from the late 18th century to independence in 1962 .
Gagoré ( also spelled Gogné ) is a town in southern Ivory Coast .
The south portal of the Tauern Road Tunnel , one of the longest in Austria , is located near the Zederhaus centre .
Dham Talwandi Khurd is the seat of an Ashram ( community ) established on the outskirts of the city of Ludhiana in the state of Punjab in Northern India .
Sredinny Range ( Russian : Срединный хребет ) is a mountain range in Kamchatka , Russia , at 56 ° N 158 ° E. It stretches from northeast to southwest along the center of the peninsula and is made up of volcanoes , mostly shield volcanoes and stratovolcanoes .
Craigie Burn Dam is an arch / earth - fill type dam located on the Mnyamvubu River , near Greytown , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
The Chihuahua Trail is a major land route from New Mexico through the state of Chihuahua to central Mexico .
Arild is a locality situated in Höganäs Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 522 inhabitants in 2010 .
Varese FN railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Varese FN ) is a railway station in the town and comune of Varese , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
Khairpur ( Urdu : خيرپُور‎ ) , ( Sindhi : خیرپور‎ ) , ( khīr´poor ) is a city and the capital of the Khairpur District , in Sindh Province , Pakistan .
Dorot ( Hebrew : דּוֹרוֹת , lit . Generations ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel .
Lewin Kłodzki ( ˈlɛvin ˈkwɔt͡ski ) ( German : Lewin , 1939 - -1945 : Hummelstadt ; Czech : Levín ) is a village in the Sudetes , in Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic .
List of Soviet Union divisions 1917 - -1945 details the formations of the Red Army in that time .
Angitola Lake or Lago dell'Angitola is a lake at Maierato , Province of Vibo Valentia , Calabria , Italy .
The Nelson Railway Society operates a short heritage railway line in the Founders Heritage Park , Nelson , New Zealand .
Čop Street ( Slovene : Čopova ulica ) is a major pedestrian thoroughfare in the center of Ljubljana , Slovenia and regarded as the capital 's central promenade .
Oraban ( also , Oravan ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Terras de Bouro ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈtɛʁɐʒ ðɨ ˈβowɾu ) ) is a municipality in the district of Braga in Portugal .
Dobre - Kolonia ( ˈdɔbrɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Vetovo ( Bulgarian : Ветово , pronounced ( ˈvɛtuvu ) , locally ( ˈvjatuvu ) ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria , part of Ruse Province .
The Soviet space program comprised the rocketry and space exploration programs conducted by the former Soviet Union ( USSR ) from the 1930s until its dissolution in 1991 .
Umm ash Sha'if is an oil field in Fujairah , one of the United Arab Emirates , at 25 ° 16′N 56 ° 19′E.
Oluvil Lighthouse ( Sinhala : ඔලුවිල් ප්‍රදීපාගාරය ) is a lighthouse situated on the southern east coast of Sri Lanka at Oluvil , which is located approximately 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) south of Kalmunai .
Sijarinska Banja ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сијаринска Бања ) is a spa town in south Serbia .
Amarbayasgalant Monastery ( Mongolian : Амарбаясгалант хийд Amurbayasqulangtu keyid ; Manchu : Urgun Elhe Sy , Chinese : 慶寧寺 ) or the `` Monastery of Tranquil Felicity '' , is one of the three largest Buddhist monastic centers in Mongolia .
Lake Pupuke is a heart - shaped freshwater lake occupying a volcanic crater ( or maar ) between the suburbs of Takapuna and Milford on the North Shore of Auckland , New Zealand .
Lake Leschenaultia , Western Australia is a former railway dam that is now a recreational lake in the Shire of Mundaring just north of the location of an important railway stopping place on the original Eastern Railway .
Charles de Gaulle Square ( Romanian : Piața Charles de Gaulle ) is a square in northern Bucharest , Romania .
The Vyros Gorge ( Greek : Φαράγγι του Βυρού ) is a deep river gorge situated in the ' Outer Mani ' region of the Peloponnese in southern Greece .
Boulogne - Billancourt ( French pronunciation : ​(bu.lɔɲ.bi.jɑ̃.kuʁ ) ; often colloquially called simply Boulogne ) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , France .
Postipuu School is a primary school in Espoo , Finland .
Silvânia is a municipality in southcentral Goiás state , Brazil .
Gniewino ( ɡɲeˈvinɔ ) ( German : Gnewin ; Kashubian : Gniéwino ) is a village in Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vectilža parish ( Latvian : Vectilžas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District , Latvia .
In Canada , Remembrance Day is a statutory holiday in all three territories and in six of the ten provinces ( Nova Scotia , Manitoba , Ontario , and Quebec being the exceptions ) .
The Waratah Shield is a rugby union knock - out competition for high school teams from New South Wales , Australia .
Aachen - Mitte is one of the seven districts of the city of Aachen , Germany , and contains the sub - districts of Beverau , Bildchen , Burtscheid , Forst , Frankenberg , Grüne Eiche , Hörn , Lintert , Pontviertel , Preuswald , Ronheide , Rothe Erde , Stadtmitte , Steinebrück and West .
Miszkieniki Wielkie ( miʂkʲɛˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Pic Tyndall ( from French : lit , Tyndall Peak ) is a minor summit below the Matterhorn ( western shoulder ) in the Pennine Alps , on the boundary between Aosta Valley ( northern Italy ) and Switzerland .
The Salvatore Ferragamo Museum in Florence , Italy is a fashion museum dedicated to the life and work of Italian shoe designer Salvatore Ferragamo and his eponymous company .
The Timor - Leste Petroleum Fund ( Portuguese : Fundo petrolífero de Timor - Leste ) is a sovereign wealth fund into which the surplus wealth produced by East Timor petroleum and gas income is deposited by the East Timorese government .
Albiès is a French commune in the Ariège department in the Midi - Pyrénées region of southwestern France .
Arsuk is a village in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland .
Taekwondo at the 2004 Summer Olympics were held in the Sports Pavilion at the Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Complex in Athens , Greece where 124 competitors competed in eight events , four each for men and women .
Selijerd ( Persian : سلي جرد‎ , also Romanized as Selījerd ; also known as Shīlījerd , Sīlī Gerd , Sīlīgīrd , and Sīlījerd ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Linesøya is an island in the municipality of Åfjord in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Rosenlundsskogen Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Rosenlundsskogens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Stockholm County in Sweden .
Denno ( German : Thenn , Ladin : Den ) is a comune in Trentino , northern Italy .
Shtula ( Hebrew : שְׁתוּלָה , lit . Planted ) is an moshav in northern Israel .
The 400 Sherbrooke West , is a 37-storey skyscraper in Montreal , Canada .
Imambargah Colonel Maqbool Hussain is the central Imambargah in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
The Bagg Street Shul or Beth Shloime ( formally Congregation Temple Solomon ) is an Orthodox synagogue operating in the Montreal Plateau region of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Tarreh - ye Vatana ( Persian : طرح وطنا‎ , also Romanized as Tarreḥ - ye Vaṭanā ) is a village in Anzan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Holovanivsk Raion is a raion ( district ) of Kirovohrad Oblast in central Ukraine .
Hiku ( Persian : هيكو‎ , also Romanized as Hīkū ; also known as Hī Kūh and Hīkūh ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Reinsehlen Camp ( German : Camp Reinsehlen ) is a largely treeless area of around 100 hectares ( 250 acres ) close to the village of Reinsehlen near the town of Schneverdingen in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Valence Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Apollinaire de Valence ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Valence , Drôme , France , dedicated to Saint Apollinaris of Valence .
Ramian ( Persian : راميان‎‎ , also Romanized as Rāmīān , Rāmeyān , and Rāmīyān ) is a city in and capital of Ramian County in Golestan Province , in northern Iran .
Nemətabad ( also , Ne’mətabad , Nametabad , and Neymetabad ) is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kinnared is a locality situated in Hylte Municipality , Halland County , Sweden with 287 inhabitants in 2010 .
Maurzyce ( mauˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tongoy Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Tongoy , ICAO : SCTG ) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres ( 1 mi ) southeast of Tongoy , Coquimbo , Chile .
Gdańsk Power Station ( Polish : Elektrociepłownia Gdańska ) is a combined heat and power station in Gdańsk , Poland .
The Lower Hutt War Memorial Library is a building in Lower Hutt , New Zealand , that houses that city 's central library .
Now Deh Bam ( Persian : نوده بام‎ , also Romanized as Now Deh Bām ; also known as Now Deh ) is a village in Bam Rural District , Bam and Safiabad District , Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vanclans is a former commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne - Franche - Comté region in eastern France .
Ravesht - e Bozorg ( Persian : روشت بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Ravesht - e Bozorg ; also known as Rosht - e - Bozorg ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Senja ( Northern Sami : Sážžá ) is the second largest island in Norway ( not counting Svalbard ) .
Waiwhetū is a suburb of Lower Hutt , Wellington situated at the bottom of the North Island of New Zealand .
The Huarmey Province is one of 20 provinces in the Ancash Region in Peru .
Shotlu ( Persian : شطلو‎ , also Romanized as Shoţlū ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Bauges Mountains ( Massif des Bauges ) is a mountain range in eastern France , stretching from the city of Annecy to the city of Chambéry , which is part of the French Prealps .
Umeå Airport ( IATA : UME , ICAO : ESNU ) is an airport located on the southern outskirts of the city of Umeå , Sweden .
Wiechucice ( vjɛxuˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Cappella Paolina ( Pauline Chapel ) is a chapel in the Apostolic Palace , Vatican City .
Amsterdam G 's is a semi - professional ice hockey team in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The Alberto Maranhão Theatre is a theatre located in the city of Natal , state of Rio Grande do Norte , Brazil .
Wremen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈvʁeːmən ) ) is a village and a former municipality in the district of Cuxhaven , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Vladaya ( Bulgarian : Владая , pronounced ( vɫɐdajɐ ) ) is a village situated on the Vitosha and Lyulin mountains in western Bulgaria at an altitude of about 1000 m. In the 2011 census in Vladaya were counted 4040 residents , which makes it the 10th - largest village in Bulgaria .
Vaniyamkulam is an important trading hub of southern Malabar in Kerala state , India , particularly of livestock arriving from the neighbouring state of Tamil Nadu .
Dick Dent Bird Sanctuary is a 10 hectares ( 25 acres ) reserve in Cape Town , South Africa .
Sørstraumen Bridge ( Norwegian : Sørstraumen bru ) is a cantilever bridge that crosses the Sørstraumen in the inner part of the Kvænangen fjord in Troms county , Norway .
Mościska - Kolonia ( mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Lord Howe Island ( /ˈhaʊ/ , local /ˈhæɔː/ ; formerly Lord Howe 's Island ) is an irregularly crescent - shaped volcanic remnant in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand , 600 kilometres ( 370 mi ) directly east of mainland Port Macquarie , and about 900 kilometres ( 560 mi ) from Norfolk Island .
Ramand - e Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رامندشمالي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khorramdasht District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Sukhumvit Road ( Thai : ถนนสุขุมวิท , Thanon Sukhumwit ) , or Thailand Route 3 ( Thai : ทางหลวงแผ่นดินหมายเลข 3 ) , is a major road in Thailand , and a major surface road of Bangkok and other cities it winds through .
Solund Church ( Norwegian : Solund kyrkje ) is the main parish church in Solund Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Lisewko ( liˈsɛfkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Kremenchuk flight college of National Aviation University ( KFC NAU ) is a university in Ukraine specialising in the teaching of aerospace - related courses .
Vologa ( pronounced ( ˈʋoːlɔɡa ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Vransko in central Slovenia .
Tofane is a mountain group in the Dolomites of northern Italy , west of Cortina d'Ampezzo in the province of Belluno , Veneto .
Nagqu County ( Tibetan : ནག་ཆུ་རྫོང་། ; Chinese : 那曲县 ; pinyin : Nàqū xiàn ) is a county within the Nagqu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region , western People 's Republic of China .
Slievemaan ( Irish : Sliabh Meáin , meaning `` Middle mountain '' ) is a mountain in Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Negorci ( Macedonian : Негорци ) is a village located 5 km north from the city of Gevgelija in the Republic of Macedonia .
In September 2009 Endeavour Foundation acquired Cumberland Industries of western Sydney , providing employment for a further 610 people with a disability ; making Endeavour Foundation the largest non - government provider of direct disability employment in Australia .
Wat Kaew Korawaram is a Buddhist temple in the city of Krabi , Thailand .
The A21 autoroute is a toll free highway in north western France it is also known as the Rocade Minière .
The Central Squares of Moscow consists of a chain of squares around the historical Moscow Kremlin and Kitai - gorod areas of central Moscow , Russia .
Archaies Kleones ( Greek : Αρχαίες Κλεωνές ) , ( see old name before 1963 ) is a settlement in the municipality of Nemea , Corinthia , Greece with a population of 1092 residents according to 2011 census .
Oyusardakh ( Russian : Ойусардах ; Sakha : Ойууһардаах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Sen - Kyuyolsky Rural Okrug of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 169 kilometers ( 105 mi ) from Srednekolymsk , the administrative center of the district .
Laiagam is situated in the west of Enga Province , Papua New Guinea .
Asmara International Airport , formerly known as Yohannes IV International Airport ( IATA : ASM , ICAO : HHAS ) , is an airport in Asmara , the capital of Eritrea .
University of Zenica ( Bosnian : Univerzitet u Zenici ) is a public university located in the city of Zenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Port Kirwan is a small incorporated fishing community located on the southern shore of the Avalon Peninsula , Newfoundland , Canada .
Sarny ( Ukrainian : Сáрни , Russian : Сáрны , Polish : Sarny ) translated as Does , is a small city in the Rivne Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
The Silopi Dam is a gravity dam on the Hezil River about 24 km ( 15 mi ) northeast of Silopi in Şırnak Province , southeast Turkey .
Yeraskhahun ( Armenian : Երասխահուն , until 1950 , Kuru - Araz ) is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
Zgornje Jezersko ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ jɛˈzɛːɾskɔ ) ; literally , ' Upper Jezersko ' ) is a settlement that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Jezersko in Slovenia .
Cape Gazelle is a cape in East New Britain province , Papua New Guinea located in the far northeast of the Gazelle Peninsula .
Allemansdrift ( also named Mbhongo ) is a settlement in Nkangala District Municipality in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa .
Khinger Kalan is a small village located in Rawalpindi District in Pakistan .
Nureh ( Persian : نوره‎ , also Romanized as Nūreh , Naureh , and Navareh ) is a village in Arandan Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gowings was a department store chain in Sydney , Australia , established in 1868 .
Naluseh ( Persian : نلوسه‎ , also Romanized as Nalūseh ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sang - e Zebreh ( Persian : سنگ زبره‎ ; also known as Sang - e Zebr ) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Šentvid District ( pronounced ( ʃɛntˈʋiːt ) ; Slovene : Četrtna skupnost Šentvid ) , or simply Šentvid , is a district ( mestna četrt ) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Cerro Lípez ( also Cerro Lipez ) is a stratovolcano in the Cordillera de Lípez in the Sud Lípez Province of the Potosí Department in southwestern Bolivia .
Zarsefid ( Persian : زرسفيد‎ , also Romanized as Zarsefīd ) is a village in Jangal Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
La Chapelle - Huon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north - western France .
Kodambakkam is a residential neighbourhood in the city of Chennai in Tamil Nadu , India .
Kuštanovci ( Hungarian : Gesztenyés ) is a village in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Rodolivos ( Greek : Ροδoλίβος ) is a town and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
Stranska Vas pri Semiču ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːnska ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈseːmitʃu ) ; Slovene : Stranska vas pri Semiču , German : Seitendorf ) is a village on the right bank of the Krupa River in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Neblo ( pronounced ( ˈneːblɔ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy .
Marinčev Grič ( pronounced ( maˈɾiːntʃɛu̯ ˈɡɾiːtʃ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Vrhnika in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Louros ( Greek : Λούρος ) is a town and a former municipality in the Preveza regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Pantabangan Dam is an earth - fill embankment dam on the Pampanga River located in Pantabangan in Nueva Ecija province of the Philippines .
Tolverne Cottage , also known as Smugglers , is a small 500-year - old cottage in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Lalsk ( Russian : Лальск ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Luzsky District of Kirov Oblast , Russia , located 27 kilometers ( 17 mi ) northeast from Luza , the administrative center of the district .
Miringoni is a town located on the west coast of the island of Mohéli in the Comoros Islands .
Khush Tazeh ( Persian : خوش تازه‎ , also Romanized as Khūsh Tāzeh ; also known as Hūsh ) is a village in Dizmar - e Sharqi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lago di Bientina was a lake in the Province of Lucca , Province of Pisa , Tuscany , Italy .
The Takou River ( in its upper reaches called the Takou Stream ) is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Ingoda River ( Russian : Ингода́ ; Mongolian : Ингэдэй , Ingedei , Buryat : Ангида , Angida ) is a river in Zabaykalsky Krai of Russia .
Fuhuodao ( 复活道 Resurrection Way ) is a new religious movement in the People 's Republic of China .
The Tour de France has had stage finishes at Superbagnères six times :
Liinakhamari ( Russian : Лиинахамари ; Finnish : Liinahamari ; Swedish : Linhammar ) is an ice - free harbour and a rural locality in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Kārte Naw ( New Quarter ) , historically known as Syed Noor Mohammad Shah Maina ( سید نور محمد شاه مېنه ) is a neighborhood in eastern Kabul , Afghanistan .
Analanjirofo is a region in northeastern Madagascar .
Štôla is a village and small municipality in Poprad District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Greifswald ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡʁaɪfsvalt ) ) , officially the University and Hanseatic City of Greifswald ( in German Universitäts- und Hansestadt Greifswald ) , is a city in northeastern Germany .
The Bardo National Museum ( Arabic : المتحف الوطني بباردو‎ ; French : Musée national du Bardo ) is a museum located in Tunis , Tunisia .
Remscheid ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʁɛmʃaɪt ) ) is a city in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Jurong Police Division ( or ' J ' Division , Chinese : 裕廊警区 ) is a police division of the Singapore Police Force .
The Alpe della Luna ( `` Alp of the Moon '' ) is a mountain massif in the northern Apennine Mountains of central Italy .
Vallerotonda is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the region of Lazio in central Italy , in the province of Frosinone .
Wodonga High School was one of three public secondary schools educating Years 7−12 in Wodonga , Victoria , Australia .
Koutiala is a city in Mali in the administrative region of Sikasso , and is located 140 km north of the city of Sikasso .
Marloth Park is a holiday town situated in northeastern South Africa in the Mpumalanga province ( formerly Eastern Transvaal ) .
Giannitsou ( Greek : Γιαννιτσού ) is a semi - mountainous village , altitude of ~300 m above the sea level , in western Phthiotis / Central Greece , with less than 300 inhabitants .
Pay Taft Jalil ( Persian : پاي تفت جليل‎ , also Romanized as Pāy Taft Jalīl ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hylli i Dritës was first published in 1913 in Shkodër , Albania by Gjergj Fishta , an important author of Albanian literature .
Ambatondrazaka Airport is an airport in Ambatondrazaka , Alaotra - Mangoro Region , Madagascar ( IATA : WAM , ICAO : FMMZ ) .
Scafati ( skaˈfaːti ) ( Latin : Scafatum ) is a town and comune in the province of Salerno , in the Campania region of southern Italy .
Sindhanur ( also spelled Sindhnur ) is a town and a major taluka ( administrative divisions ) in Raichur District , Karnataka , India .
Whanganui District is one of the districts of New Zealand .
PalaTrento is an indoor arena that is located in Trento , Italy .
Brokdorf Nuclear Power Plant ( German : Kernkraftwerk Brokdorf , or KBR ) is close to the municipality of Brokdorf in Steinburg , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Khuzankola ( Persian : خوزنكلا‎ , also Romanized as Khūzankolā , Khozan Kolah , Khūzan - e Kalāyeh , and Khūzan Kalā ) is a village in Adaran Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Tag - i Chanor or Rowut ( Tajik Таги Чанор , Yaghnobi Роԝут , Роԝт or Таги Чанор , Таги Чинор ) is a village in western Tajikistan .
Dunga Gali or Doonga Gali is one of the tourist mountain resort towns of the Galyat area of Ayubia National Park , at an altitude of 2,500 metres ( 8,200 ft ) in northern Pakistan .
Genadendal is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa , built on the site of the oldest mission station in the country .
Katunga is a town in the Goulburn Valley region of northern Victoria , Australia .
Jalan Kesang Tasik ( Malacca state route and Johor state route ) is a major road in Malacca and Johor state , Malaysia .
Akademgorodok ( Russian : Академгородо́к ; IPA : ( ɐkəˌdʲemɡərɐˈdok ) , Academic Town ) is a part of the Sovetsky District of the city of Novosibirsk , Russia , located 30 km south of the city center and about 10 km west of the Science town Koltsovo .
The Bozshakol mine is a large copper mine located in northern Kazakhstan in North Kazakhstan Province .
Krzynia ( ˈkʂɨɲa ) ( German : Krien ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
San Pablo Casacuarán is a small town located in the southern region of the state of Guanajuato , Mexico .
Leiren or Leira is a village in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county , Norway .
Luikjärve farm is an affiliate to Obinitsa Museum in Meremäe rural municipality , in Tobrova village in Estonia ; it is a typical seto fortress - farm .
Selaparang Airport ( IATA : AMI , ICAO : WADA ) , was the sole airport serving the island of Lombok and the city of Mataram , the capital of the province of West Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia up until its closure on 30 September 2011 .
Konaiyur ( கோனையூர் ) is a tiny village in Tamil Nadu located at Tiruvannamalai District , Chetpet Taluck in India .
Bazar Jomeh ( Persian : بازارجمعه‎ , also Romanized as Bāzār Jom``eh ; also known as Dzhuma - Bazar and Bāzār Jom``eh - ye Shānderman ) is the capital of Shanderman District , in Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran . In 2006 , it had a population of 3,866 .
Candín ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kanˈdin ) ) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo ( province of León , Castile and León , Spain ) .
The Monti Ernici ( Italian : `` Mountains of the Hernici '' ) are a mountain range in central Italy , part of the sub - Apennines of Lazio .
Hobro Station ( Danish : Hobro Station or Hobro Banegård ) is a railway station serving the town of Hobro , Denmark .
Kongasso ( also spelled Kongaso ) is a town in central Ivory Coast .
Bhurch ( Urdu : بھرچ‎ ) is a village near Kot Ameer Hussain in the district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Rajowal Nau or New Rajowal is a town and Union Council of Kasur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Weisstannen is a village located in the canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland .
Rajiv Gandhi Degree College ( Telugu : రాజీవ్ గాంధీ డిగ్రీ కళాశాల ) is a college in Rajahmundry , East Godavari DT . , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The United National Democratic Party was a political party in Antigua and Barbuda .
Tyndale University College and Seminary is an accredited Christian institution of higher education in the Protestant Evangelical tradition located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Horehronie ( also Upper Hron River region or Horné Pohronie or Felső - Garammente ) is a tourism and geographic region of Slovakia .
Novosej is one of the villages of the former Shishtavec Municipality which is part of the Kukës County in Albania .
Argyle Downs is a pastoral lease and cattle station located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) south east of Kununurra in the Kimberley region near the border of Western Australia and Northern Territory .
Mirza Dulmaz ( Persian : ميرزادولماز‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā Dūlmāz ; also known as Tūzū ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tuyên Quang ( listen ) is a town in Vietnam , and is the capital of Tuyên Quang Province .
Halnefjorden is a large lake on the border of Hordaland and Buskerud counties in Norway .
Hulsig station is a railway station located in the village of Hulsig south of Skagen , Denmark .
Agioi Theodoroi ( Greek : Άγιοι Θεόδωροι ) is a town and a former municipality in Corinthia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Trebište , Trebishte , or Trebišta ( Macedonian : Требиште ) ( the pronunciation used by the local population is Trebišča ) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia in Mavrovo and Rostuša Municipality , situated in the Dolna Reka district , on the eastern slopes of Dešat , above the gorge of Radika .
Wiltz railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Wolz , French : Gare de Wiltz , German : Bahnhof Wiltz ) is a railway station serving Wiltz , in north - western Luxembourg .
Chaihuín River ( Spanish : Río Chaihuín ) is a river in Los Ríos Region , southern Chile .
Berentin ( Persian : برنطين‎ , also Romanized as Berenţīn ) is a village in Berentin Rural District , Bikah District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Thesprotiko ( Greek : Θεσπρωτικό , `` Thesprotian '' ) is a village and a former municipality in the Preveza regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
University of Cantabria ( UC ) ( Spanish : Universidad de Cantabria ) , is a public university located in Santander , Torrelavega and Comillas in Cantabria , Spain .
Santa Paolina is a small comune ( municipality ) of the province of Avellino , in the region of Campania , Italy .
Rinčetova Graba ( pronounced ( ˈɾiːntʃɛtɔʋa ˈɡɾaːba ) ) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
Jahanian Tehsil ( Urdu : تحصِيل جہانياں‎ ) , is an administrative subdivision , tehsil , of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Isa Kandi ( Persian : عيسي كندي‎ , also Romanized as `` Īsá Kandī ; also known as Qarah Dāghlī ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 385 , in 66 families .
The Hypogeum of the Volumnus family ( Italian : Ipogeo dei Volumni ) is an Etruscan tomb in Ponte San Giovanni , a suburb of Perugia , central Italy .
Sokolina ( sɔkɔˈlina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The A150 autoroute is a short motorway north west of Rouen , France .
Toshevtsi ( Bulgarian : Тошевци ) is a village in north - western Bulgaria .
Torrecillas de la Tiesa is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres , Extremadura , eastern Spain .
The Shigar Fort ( Balti:فونگ کھر ) means The Fort on Rock is an old fort of Baltistan and Pakistan located in the town of Shigar .
Kaišiadorys ( ( kɐɪʃɛˈdôːrʲiːs ) ; see Etymology below ) is a city in central Lithuania .
Majadahonda ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ma.xa.ða.ˈon.da ) ) is a municipality in Spain , situated 16 km northwest of Madrid , in the Community of Madrid .
Arroyos y Esteros ( Spanish for Streams and Swamps ) is a district of the Cordillera Department , Paraguay .
Pogibi ( Russian : Погиби ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Sakhalin Oblast , Russia .
Chiriguelo is near the border with Brazil , and has police and customs offices to control or check migration and merchandise traffic between Paraguay and Brazil ; these services were previously provided by the offices in Pedro Juan Caballero .
Heggjabygda Church ( Norwegian : Heggjabygda kyrkje ) is a parish church in Eid Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Yapahuwa was one of the ephemeral capitals of medieval Sri Lanka .
Valle Piola is a deserted village in the province of Teramo , in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Athimugam is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kishanpura is a village in Notified Area Committee of Zirakpur in district Mohali in state of Punjab in India .
Shush Bolagh ( Persian : شوش بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Shūsh Bolāgh ) is a village in Naqdi Rural District , Meshgin - e Sharqi District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Auas Mountains is the highest mountain range in Namibia .
Cykarzew Północny - Stacja ( t͡sɨˈkaʐɛf puu̯ˈnɔt͡snɨ ˈstat͡sja ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vinger is a traditional district and a parish as well as being a former municipality in Kongsvinger in Hedmark , Norway .
Kaunas Prison ( Lithuanian : Kauno tardymo izoliatorius ) is a prison in the center of Kaunas , second largest city of Lithuania .
Altzomoni is a volcanic peak located in the State of Mexico .
Lake Abakrytseli or Abakrytsele ( Belarusian : Возера Абакрыцелі ) is a lake in the Braslau Lakes National Park of northern Belarus .
The Fiesta de la Candelaria is a festival in honor of the Virgin of Candelaria , patron saint of the city of Puno in Peru , held in the first fortnight of February each year .
Sereyan ( Persian : سريان‎ , also Romanized as Sereyān , Saryān , and Seryān ; also known as Sīdān , Sīreyān , Sīrian , and Sīrīān ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District , Jolgeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hedal Stave Church also known as Hedalen Stave Church(Norwegian : Hedalen stavkyrkje ) is a stave church located in Hedalen in Sør - Aurdal , Norway .
Tsakistra ( Greek : Τσακίστρα ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 3 km south of Kampos .
Tadji Airport ( IATA : TAJ ) is an airfield serving Tadji , near Aitape , in the Sandaun Province of Papua New Guinea .
Qihe County ( simplified Chinese : 齐河县 ; traditional Chinese : 齊河縣 ; pinyin : Qíhé Xiàn ) is a county of northwestern Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Lipovšica ( pronounced ( liˈpoːu̯ʃitsa ) ; in older sources also Lipovščica , German : Lipouschitz ) is a settlement halfway between Sodražica and Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Workiejmy ( vɔrˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ) ( German : Workeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Malwal River ( or Khor Malwal , Malual ) is a river in South Sudan .
The Gippsland Lakes are a network of lakes , marshes and lagoons in east Gippsland , Victoria , Australia covering an area of about 354 square kilometres ( 137 sq mi ) .
Pinya ( Burmese : ပင်းယ ) , or Vijayapura , was the capital of the Kingdom of Pinya , located near Ava , Mandalay Region , Myanmar .
Ročinj ( pronounced ( ɾɔˈtʃiːn ) or ( ˈɾɔːtʃin ) ; Italian : Ronzina ) is a village on the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Namanve is an area in Central Uganda , most of which lies in Kira Municipality , in Wakiso District with portions in Mukono Municipality , in Mukono District .
Mount Grenfell Historic Site is an Aboriginal rock art site , about 50 kilometres west of Cobar , in the arid lands in central west New South Wales , Australia .
Ras al - Jinz ( رأس الجنز ) located in Oman , is the easternmost point of the Arabian Peninsula .
The River Lee ( Irish : An Laoi ) is a river in Ireland .
Marathovounos ( Greek : Μαραθόβουνος , Turkish : Ulukışla ) is a village in the Famagusta District of central Cyprus .
The Temples Order 1971 is an order made by the Privy Council of the United Kingdom setting out the powers of the Inner Temple and Middle Temple to act as local authorities .
Harrison 's Cave is a tourist attraction in the country of Barbados , first mentioned in 1795 .
Ahaura is a town in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island , sited where the Ahaura River flows into the Grey River .
Gunerius Shoppingsenter is one of the largest shopping centres in central Oslo , Norway , with c. 18,000 visitors a day -- 5,5 million a year .
Hirmuküla ( Hirmoküll in German ) is a village in Karksi Parish in Viljandi County in southern Estonia .
HSwMS Spica ( T121 ) is a former Swedish Navy torpedo - armed fast attack craft ( FAC ) , now a museum ship at the Vasa Museum in Stockholm , Sweden .
Montjuïc Castle ( Catalan : Castell de Montjuïc , Spanish : Castillo de Montjuich ) is an old military fortress , with roots dating back from 1640 , currently serving as a Barcelona municipal facility , built on top of Montjuïc hill in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Kerewan is a town in the Gambia , Build by Mamadi Safiyatu Fatty some 400 years ago .
The New Castle of Manzanares el Real , also known as Castle of los Mendoza , is a palace - fortress erected in the 15th century in the town of Manzanares el Real ( Community of Madrid , Spain ) , next to the Santillana reservoir at the foot of Sierra de Guadarrama .
The Autovía A-66 is a major highway in western Spain .
Merirauma is a neighbourhood of Rauma , Finland .
Al Udeid Air Base ( Arabic:قاعدة العديد الجوية ) is a military base southwest of Doha , Qatar , also known as Abu Nakhlah Airport ( Arabic:مطار أبو نخلة ) .
Central Highlands Water is a regional water corporation in central Victoria , Australia , focused around the city of Ballarat and surrounding towns .
Kramatorsk ( Ukrainian : Краматорськ , Kramators'k ) is a city of oblast significance located at the northern portion of Donetsk Oblast , in eastern Ukraine .
Colonia San Simón Tolnáhuac is a colonia in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City , just north of the city 's historic center .
Fern Hill railway station on the Daylesford railway line in Victoria , Australia was opened on Monday , 16 February 1880 , and closed on Monday , 3 July 1978 .
Chwarszczany ( xfarʂˈt͡ʂanɨ ) ( German : Quartschen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boleszkowice , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Puzi City ( Chinese : 朴子市 ) is a county - controlled city in Chiayi County , Taiwan .
Sarnajdani ( Persian : سرنجداني‎ , also Romanized as Sarnajdānī ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sarnaveh Changizi ( Persian : سرناوه چنگيزي‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarnāveh Changīzī ; also known as Rashnow ) is a village in Boluran Rural District , Darb - e Gonbad District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Raufarhöfn is a village located on the northeastern tip of the Melrakkaslétta peninsula in Iceland .
Dümmer See is a lake in Nordwestmecklenburg and Ludwigslust - Parchim , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Hesselagergård Manor , located near Gudme in the southeast of the Danish island Funen , is the oldest Renaissance building in Denmark .
Bab Lulian ( Persian : باب لوليان‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Lūlīān ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Scania was part of the kingdom of Denmark up until the Treaty of Roskilde in 1658 .
Pir Sarab ( Persian : پيرسراب‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Sarāb ) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Rajakeeya Maha Vidyalaya , Telijjawila ( Sinhalese : රාජකීය මහ විද්‍යාලය තෙලිජ්ජවිල ; English : Royal Central College , Telijjawila also known as Royal College , Telijjawila or Telijjawila Royal College ) is a provincial school in Telijjawila near Matara , Sri Lanka .
Long Banga Airport ( IATA : LBP ) is an airport serving Long Banga , a village in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia .
Aurobindo Ashram is an ashram is located at Dandia Bazar in the city of Vadodara , Gujarat , western India .
1LIVE is a radio network by the Westdeutscher Rundfunk public broadcasting corporation in Germany .
Šurany ( until 1927 , Veľké Šurany ; Hungarian : Nagysurány ; German : Schuran ; Turkish : Şuran ) is a town and a railroad hub in the Nové Zámky District , Nitra Region , southern Slovakia .
Shideh ( Persian : شيده‎‎ , also Romanized as Shīdeh ) is a village in Hombarat Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Tipitapa is a municipality in the Managua department of western Nicaragua .
European Popular Centre ( Centro Popolare Europeo ) is a minor christian democratic political party in Italy .
Safune is a traditional village district on the central north coast of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Ghurak - e Vosta ( Persian : غورك وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Ghūrak - e Vosţá ; also known as Ghūrak - e Mīānī ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Rødekro is a town with a population of 6,123 ( 1 January 2014 ) and a former municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Aabenraa municipality in Region of Southern Denmark on the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark .
Jarnatów ( jarˈnatuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubniewice , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Turtmann ( French : Tourtemagne ) is a former municipality in the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Mackenzie Sound is a sound in the area of the Broughton Archipelago of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
The Cathedral of St. Michael and St. Gudula ( French : Co - Cathédrale collégiale des Ss - Michel et Gudule , Dutch : Collegiale Sint - Michiels- en Sint - Goedele - co - kathedraal ) is a Roman Catholic church in Brussels , Belgium .
Trzcińsko - Zdrój ( ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲskɔ ˈzdrui̯ ) ( German : Bad Schönfließ ; Kashubian : Szénflét ) is a town in Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,591 inhabitants ( 2005 ) .
Vidzeme ( Livonian : Vidumō ) is one of the historical and cultural regions of Latvia .
Vestfjorddalen is a valley in Tinn , Norway , stretching from Lake Tinn westwards past Rjukan , Vemork and Rjukan Falls to Møsvatn .
Holanagadde is a village in the Uttara Kannada district of the state of Karnataka , India .
Okato is a small township in rural Taranaki , New Zealand .
Abu ol Hasani ( Persian : ابوالحسني‎ , also Romanized as Abū ol Ḩasanī ) is a village in Kharturan Rural District , Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Utuseb is a small settlement in the Erongo Region in western central Namibia .
By - elections to the 41st Canadian Parliament were held to fill vacancies in the House of Commons of Canada between the 2011 federal election and the 2015 federal election .
Saqsa ( Quechua for multi - colored , hispanicized spelling Sacsa ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 m ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Dimarun ( Persian : ديمرون‎ , also Romanized as Dīmarūn ; also known as Damrūn ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Seoul Forest ( Korean : 서울숲 ) is a large park in Seongdong - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
Akhand Nagar is a block of Kadipur tehsil in Sultanpur district of Uttar Pradesh state in India .
Universidade Autónoma de Lisboa ( UAL ; Autonomous University of Lisbon ) is a private university located in Lisbon , the capital of Portugal .
Otałęż ( ɔˈtawɛ̃ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Yemanapalli is a village in Gangavaram mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra pradesh in India .
Litlabø is a village and former mining community in the municipality of Stord in Hordaland county , Norway .
Orešac ( Serbian : Орешац or Orešac , Romanian : Oreşaţ ) is a village in Serbia .
Santa Cruz de Cangas de Onís is a small Roman Catholic chapel in Cangas de Onís , the first capital of the Kingdom of Asturias , in what is now northern Spain .
The Saalburg is a Roman fort located on the Taunus ridge northwest of Bad Homburg , Hesse , Germany .
Dalyala ( Dhalyala ) is a village found in Azad Kashmir in the Khari Sharif area of Pakistan it is composed mostly of Sohlan Rajputs .
Jakovce ( pronounced ( ˈjaːkɔu̯tsɛ ) ) is a small village next to Tabor in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Wolseong Nuclear Power Plant , or Wolsong , is a nuclear power plant located on the coast near Nae - ri , Yangnm - myeon , Gyeongju , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
Los Barrios de Luna ( Spanish pronunciation : ( loz ˈβarjoz ðe ˈluna ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
The Outeniqua Mountains form a mountain range located along the Garden Route of South Africa .
National University of Management ( N.U.M. ) is a business school in Phnom Penh , Cambodia , located near Phnom Penh Railway Station .
The Alster - Schwimmhalle is one of Germany 's larger aquatics centers , located in the Hamburg district of Hohenfelde .
The Congress of the New Right ( Polish : Kongres Nowej Prawicy , Nowa Prawica or just KNP ) is an economically libertarian , socially conservative and radically Eurosceptic political party in Poland .
Storgollomsvatnet ( Southern Sami : Golmesjaevrieh ) is a lake in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Poshtaleh ( Persian : پشتاله‎ , also Romanized as Poshtāleh ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Labour Office of the Apostolic See is responsible for labour relations of the Holy See and Vatican City State with its employees .
Waksmund ( ˈvaksmunt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Takanlu - ye Sofla ( Persian : تكانلوسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Takānlū - ye Soflá ; also known as Takānlū ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Le Mans ( pronounced : ( lə mɑ̃ ) ) is a city in France , located on the Sarthe River .
Cybinka ( t͡sɨˈbʲiŋka ) ( German : Ziebingen ) is a town in Słubice County , in Lubusz Voivodeship , Poland .
Haad Khuad ( English : Bottle Beach ) is a beach on the northern portion of Ko Pha Ngan , Thailand .
Anta Q'asa ( Quechua anta copper , q'asa mountain pass , `` copper mountain pass '' , hispanicized spelling Antaccasa , Antajasa ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Aghione Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in France , which was located approximately 27 km southeast of Corte on Corsica .
Ñanco Lauquen Airport ( IATA : TQL , ICAO : SAET ) is a public use airport located 2 nm west of Trenque Lauquen , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Deutscher Frisbeesport - Verband ( DFV ) is the association of frisbee players and teams in Germany .
Penang Turf Club is a major horse racing course in Penang , Malaysia which was established in 1864 .
Knežja Vas ( pronounced ( ˈkneːʒja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Knežja vas ) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Finland Railway Bridge ( Russian : Финля́ндский железнодоро́жный мост ) is a pair of parallel rail bridges across the Neva River in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Mazraeh - ye Nuli ( Persian : مزرعه نولي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Nūlī ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 34 , in 8 families .
The Schomberg and Aurora Railway ( S&AR , also nicknamed the `` Annie Roonie '' ) was a 36 km long railway in Ontario , Canada , running from the town of Schomberg to Oak Ridges , just south of Aurora .
Hayastani Hanrapetutyun ( also spelled Hayastany Hanrapetutyun ; Armenian : `` Հայաստանի Հանրապետություն '' օրաթերթ , Romanization of `` Republic of Armenia '' ) is the official newspaper of Armenia .
Askrova Chapel ( Norwegian : Askrova bedehuskapell ) is a chapel / community centre in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Teodorówka - Kolonia ( tɛɔdɔˈrufka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Ith is a ridge in Germany 's Central Uplands which is up to 439 m high .
Darreh Hendian ( Persian : دره هنديان‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Hendīān , Darreh Hendīyān , and Darreh - ye Hendīān ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kamp - e Saddez ( Persian : کمپ سد دز‎ ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Santiago del Estero ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sanˈtjaɣo ðel esteɾo ) , Spanish for Saint - James - Upon - The - Lagoon ) is the capital of Santiago del Estero Province in northern Argentina .
Cunha Baixa is a freguesia in Mangualde , Portugal .
Namdal District Court ( Norwegian : Namdal tingrett ) is a district court located in the town of Namsos in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Brusartsi Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Брусарци ) is a small municipality ( obshtina ) in Montana Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the Danubian Plain about 6 km south of Danube river .
L'Agulhas ( or Agulhas ) is a coastal village and holiday resort in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Castelvecchio Subequo ( also Subrequo and Subrego ; Latin : Superaequum or Superequum ) is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region , central Italy , at the feet on Mount Sirente .
Avcılar is a district of Istanbul , Turkey , out of town on the European side of the city , just to the west of the Küçükçekmece inlet of the Sea of Marmara .
Bocana de Paiwas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( boˈkana ðe ˈpaiwas ) ) is a municipality in the South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region of Nicaragua .
Suszyna ( suˈʂɨna ) ( German : Dürrkunzendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Qaleh Qazi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قلعه قاضي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Qaleh Qazi District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Muurame is a municipality of Finland , located 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) south - west of Jyväskylä .
Spaliny Małe ( spaˈlinɨ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Spalienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Skåre Church ( Norwegian : Skåre kirke ) is a parish church in Haugesund municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Ürkmez is a small coastal town with own municipality and administratively depending the district center of Seferihisar in İzmir Province , Turkey .
Wiesloch is a city in Germany , in northern Baden - Württemberg .
Selz Abbey or Seltz Abbey ( German : Kloster Selz ; French : Abbaye de Seltz ) is a former monastery and Imperial abbey in Seltz , formerly Selz , in Alsace , France .
Ternivskyi District ( Ukrainian : Тернівський район ) is an urban district of Kryvyi Rih City , southeastern - central Ukraine .
Riga International Airport ( Latvian : Starptautiskā lidosta `` Rīga '' ; IATA : RIX , ICAO : EVRA ) is the international airport of Riga , the capital of Latvia , and the largest airport in the Baltic states with direct flights to over 80 destinations in 30 countries .
Crozzon di Brenta ( 3,135 m ) is a mountain in the Brenta Group of the Southern Limestone Alps in Trentino , Italy .
Aguilar , or Aguilar de la Frontera , is a municipality and town in the province of Córdoba , Andalusia , southern Spain , near the small river Cabra , 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from the provincial capital , Córdoba , on the Córdoba - Málaga railway .
The Royal Ballet of Flanders is a dance company based in Antwerp , Belgium , specializing in classical ballet , neoclassical ballet and contemporary ballet .
Calorguen ( Breton : Kerorgen , Gallo : Calorgen ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Aarhus Theatre ( Danish : Aarhus Teater ) in Aarhus , is the largest provincial theatre in Denmark .
Streaky Bay Airport ( IATA : KBY , ICAO : YKBY ) is an airport located 4.8 nautical miles ( 8.9 km ; 5.5 mi ) southeast of Streaky Bay , a town in the state of South Australia in Australia .
Mithadar ( Urdu : میٹھادر ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Saddar Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan , and comprises the oldest part of Karachi that was once encircled by a wall . The neighborhood is bordered by Kharadar , Jodia Bazar and Lyari Town across Embankment Road .
İsaqlıgirmə ( also , Isakhlygirme and Isaklygirmya ) is a village in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wanne - Eickel Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in the former city of Wanne - Eickel , now part of Herne in western Germany .
Ma'ameer ( Arabic : المعامير‎ ) is a village in Bahrain .
The University of Caen Normandy ( UNICAEN ; French : Université de Caen Normandie ) is a university in Caen , in France .
Castle Junction , also known as the locale of Castle Mountain , is a highway junction where the north extent of the Windermere Highway ( Highway 93 ) intersects with the Trans - Canada Highway ( Highway 1 ) , the Bow River , the historic CPR rail line , and Highway 1A in Banff National Park , Alberta .
Hulata ( Hebrew : חוּלָתָה ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse is a royal commission established in 2013 by the Australian government pursuant to the Royal Commissions Act 1902 ( Commonwealth ) to inquire into and report upon responses by institutions to instances and allegations of child abuse in Australia .
Orot Rabin ( Hebrew : אורות רבין‎ , lit . Rabin Lights ) is a coal - fired power station situated on the Mediterranean coast in Hadera , Israel .
The Jim Crow goldfield was part of the Central Victorian goldfield in Victoria , Australia .
Aldinga Bay is a bay located on the east coast of Gulf St Vincent in South Australia about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) south - southwest of Adelaide city centre .
Chortero ( Greek : Χορτερό , Bulgarian : Латрово ) is a village in the municipality Sintiki , Macedonian region of Greece , 24 km from the city of Serres .
The Victorian Socialist Party ( VSP ) was a socialist political party in the Australian state of Victoria during the early 20th century , the first explicitly Marxist party in Australia .
The Eider - Treene Depression ( German : Eider - Treene - Niederung ; Danish : Ejder - Trene - Sænkningen ) is a landscape in west Schleswig - Holstein in North Germany .
Chicoutimi - Saguenay ( or Chicoutimi et Saguenay ) was a former provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec , Canada .
The Regional Municipality of Niagara , also known as the Niagara Region , or colloquially `` Regional Niagara '' , is a regional municipality comprising twelve municipalities of Southern Ontario , Canada .
Belmont Secondary School is located in Langford , a western suburb of Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Accessibility without Exclusion ( Partido Accesibilidad sin Exclusión , `` PASE '' ) is a conservative political party in Costa Rica with special focus on fighting for the rights of people with disabilities .
Piętki ( ˈpjɛntki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qazaqoli ( Persian : قزاقلي‎ , also Romanized as Qazāqolī ; also known as Ghazāghī ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Qaisumah or Al Qaysumah ( Arabic : القيصومة‎ ) is a village belonging to the city of Hafar Al - Batin , in Eastern Province ( also known as Ash Sharqiyah ) , Saudi Arabia .
Esviken ( formerly Esvigen ) is a villa surrounded by an elaborate garden and a former agricultural property in Asker , Norway .
Ciemierów ( t͡ɕɛˈmjɛruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nahr - e Anbar ( Persian : نهرعنبر‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e `` Anbar and Nahr `` Anbār ) is a village in Nahr - e Anbar Rural District , Musian District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 776 , in 110 families .
Anjad is a town and a nagar parishad in Barwani district in the state of Madhya Pradesh , India .
The Cypress Mine is a proposed extension to the open cast coal mine the Stockton Mine 's operational area , to the east into the Upper Waimangaroa Mining Permit area , on the West Coast of New Zealand .
Sotouboua is a town located in Sotouboua Prefecture in the Centrale Region of Togo .
Akpro - Missérété is a city , arrondissement , and commune in Ouémé Department , Benin .
Venčac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Венчац ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the town of Aranđelovac .
Talam Khan ( Persian : تلم خان‎ , also Romanized as Talam Khān ; also known as Talīm Khān ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nagotal , Maidan Dir lower is a village in Lower Dir District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Guesálaz ( Basque : Gesalatz ) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
The Ugly Men 's Voluntary Worker 's Association of Western Australia Inc. , generally shortened to the Ugly Men 's Association or Ugly Men was a fund - raising and charitable organisation established in Western Australia in 1917 .
Beaufortain is a valley in the Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
Millbrook Resort is a luxury resort near Queenstown , New Zealand .
Lüləsaz ( Armenian : Հակոբ Կամարի , Hakob Kamari ) ( also Lioulasaz , Lulasaz , and Lyulyasaz ) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mont Revard ( 1,562 m ( 5,125 ft ) ) is a mountain in the Bauges Massif near Aix - les - Bains in Savoie , France .
The 1906 Valparaíso earthquake hit Valparaíso , Chile , on August 16 at 19:55 local time .
Jeuss ( Jentes in French ) is a former municipality in the district of See or du Lac in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Rapsani ( Greek : Ραψάνη ) is a town of the former municipal district of Kato Olympos , which is part of the municipality of Tempi in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Mount Revelstoke National Park is located adjacent to the city of Revelstoke , British Columbia , Canada .
Beit El - Umma ( House of the People ) is a historic house museum and Saad Zaghlul biographical museum in Cairo , Egypt .
Krom River or Kromme River ( Afrikaans : Krommerivier ) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa .
Kodul'-Su is a village in Jalal - Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Philippine Airlines Flight 143 ( PR143 ) was a domestic flight from the Manila Ninoy Aquino Airport , Manila , Philippines to Mandurriao Airport , Iloilo City .
Belpahar is a town and a municipality in Jharsuguda district in the state of Odisha , India .
Sarnowice ( sarnɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Kurnell Refinery was a crude oil refinery located in Kurnell on Botany Bay , New South Wales , Australia .
Taupo - nui - a - Tia College is a co - educational high school in Taupo , New Zealand .
The Rutherford Hotel ( named after Sir Ernest Rutherford ) is a luxury accommodation hotel in Nelson , New Zealand .
Divandarreh ( Persian : ديواندره‎‎ , Kurdish : Dîwandere -- دیوانده‌ره‌ , also Romanized as Dīvāndarreh , Dīvān Darreh , Dīvan Darra , and Dīwān Darreh ) is a city in and capital of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Dorlar is a locality in the municipality Schmallenberg in the district Hochsauerlandkreis in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Podgraje ( pronounced ( pɔdˈɡɾaːjɛ ) ; Italian : Villa Podigraie ) is a village southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia , towards the border with Croatia .
Chiffa is a town and gorge in the Tell Atlas Mountains of northern Algeria .
Santameri Castle ( Greek : Σανταμέρι ) is a castle on the mountain Skollis near the boundary of Achaea and Elis in southwestern Greece .
Vahravar ( Armenian : Վահրավար , also Romanized as Vagravar ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
The Great Mosque of Salé ( Arabic : المسجد الأعظم‎ , Masjid Al Aadam ) is a mosque in Salé , Morocco .
Sheffield was particularly hard - hit during the 2007 United Kingdom floods and the 2010 Big Freeze .
Lapradelle - Puilaurens ( in Occitan : La Pradèla de Puèglhaurenç ) is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
The Thaba mine is a large mine in the center of South Africa near Thaba ' Nchu in Free State .
Cerro El Jardin Forest Reserve is a Forest Reserve , part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area , in the northern part of Costa Rica about 80 miles north of San José , to the north of nearby Boca Tapada and near the border with Nicaragua .
The Dos Valires Tunnel ( Tunel de Dos Valires ) is a major road tunnel in Andorra linking the two upper Andorran parishes of La Massana and Encamp .
Nahal Hemar is an archeological cave site in Israel , on a cliff , near the dead sea , just northwest of Mt.
The Saskatoon Electrical System Substation is a municipal designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Tombu Jonubi ( Persian : تنبوجنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Tombū Jonūbī and Tombū Janūbī ) is a village in Kushk - e Nar Rural District , Kushk - e Nar District , Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sofia Vokalensemble ( often abbreviated SOVE ) is a mixed chamber choir based in the Sofia Church in the Sofia parish in Stockholm , Sweden .
Long Palai is a settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Gol Mokharan ( Persian : گل مخاران‎ , also Romanized as Gol Mokhārān and Golmokhrān ; also known as Kalamkhvārān ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Geitlandsjökull is a lateral glacier of Langjökull , the second largest ice cap in Iceland ( 953 km2 ) , in the west of Iceland .
Belval - Rédange railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Belval - Réideng , French : Gare de Belval - Rédange , German : Bahnhof Belval - Redingen ) is a railway station serving the neighbourhood of Belval , in the west of Esch - sur - Alzette , in southern Luxembourg .
Mashqita ( Arabic : مشقيتا‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located north of Latakia .
Pawlin ( ˈpavlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Villa Urselli is a rural palace located in Monteroni di Lecce , Italy , at the heart of Valle della Cupa .
The Order of the Red Star ( Russian : Орден Краснoй Звезды ) was a military decoration for bravery of the Soviet Union .
Sigulda ( pronunciation ; German : Segewold ) is a town in the Vidzeme Region of Latvia , 53 kilometres ( 33 miles ) from the capital city Riga .
Rudhmuli is a Village in Bah Tehsil of Agra District of Uttar Pradesh in India .
Nieuw Monnikenhuize was a multi - use stadium situated in Monnikenhuize , a northern neighbourhood of Arnhem , Netherlands .
The Investigator Bank is a submerged bank or sunken atoll in the Union Territory of Lakshadweep , India .
The Aşiyan Asri Cemetery ( Turkish : Aşiyan Asri Mezarlığı ) is a burial ground situated on Aşiyan between the Bebek and Rumelihisarı neighborhoods of the European part of Istanbul , Turkey .
Heded is a village in the Jariban District , Mudug region , Puntland , north - central Somalia .
Altin Tokhmaq ( Persian : التين تخماق‎ , also Romanized as Āltīn Tokhmāq ; also known as Ālbatan Tokhmāq ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Sharqi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Piagiolino Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy , which was located about 1 km southwest of Monterado ( Provincia di Ancona , The Marches ) ; 200 km north of Rome .
Hinterriß is a Tyrolean village in Schwaz District , Austria , located at the Rißbach river at a height of 928 metres .
The Batavian Republic ( Dutch : Bataafse Republiek ; French : République Batave ) was the successor of the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands .
Moyarta ( Irish : Maigh Fhearta ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Mazraeh - ye Posht Kak ( Persian : مزرعه پشت كك‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Posht Kak ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 17 , in 5 families .
The Torre Reforma is a Mexico City skyscraper under construction .
The Sturt Gorge Recreation Park is a protected area located in Bellevue Heights , South Australia and which is recognised as an area of great geological significance .
Ballylickey House is a former restaurant located in Ballylickey , County Cork , Ireland .
The Red Wine Trail ( Rotweinwanderweg ) , opened in 1972 , is a trail that runs high above the floor of the Ahr Valley linking the wine villages of the Ahr wine region in Germany along the River Ahr .
Jinju National Museum is a national museum located in the Jinju fortress ( 진주성 晉州城 ) , Jinju , South Korea .
Warsaw University Library ( Polish : Biblioteka Uniwersytecka w Warszawie , BUW ) is a library of the University of Warsaw , Poland .
Luboń ( ˈlubɔɲ ) ( German : Luban ) is a town situated on the Warta River , in the Poznań metro area , in the Greater Poland Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) .
The Mingun Bell ( မင်းကွန်းခေါင်းလောင်းတော်ကြီး ( mɪ́ɴɡʊ́ɴ kʰáʊɴláʊɴ dɔ̀ dʑí ) ) is a bell located in Mingun , Sagaing Region , Myanmar .
Terqa is the name of an ancient city discovered at the site of Tell Ashara on the banks of the middle Euphrates in Deir ez - Zor Governorate , Syria , approximately 80 km from the modern border with Iraq .
Spiczyny ( spiˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomin , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Araguaia National Park ( Parque Nacional do Araguaia ) is located in Tocantins state in the north of Brazil , between 09º51''--11º11 's and 49º57''--50º27''W. Bananal Island , on which the park is located , is believed to be the largest inland river island in the world .
Hotel Marinela Sofia is a 5-star hotel located in Lozenets , near downtown Sofia , Bulgaria .
Pulau Tekong Reservoir ( Chinese : 德光岛蓄水池 ; pinyin : Déguāngdǎo Xùshuǐchí ; Malay : Takungan Air Pulau Tekong ) is a reservoir located on Pulau Tekong , an island in Singapore .
Semytino is a small village in Pestovsky District of ( Novgorod Oblast , Russia ) .
Szczedrzyk ( ˈʂt͡ʂɛdʐɨk ) ( German : Sczedrzik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Yarra Valley Railway is a Heritage railway operating on a section of the former Healesville railway which operated between Lilydale and Healesville in the Yarra Valley area northeast of Melbourne , Australia .
Preševo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Прешево , pronounced ( prêʃeʋo ) ; Albanian : Presheva , Preshevë ) is the southernmost town and municipality of Serbia ( excluding Municipalities of Kosovo ) , bordering Macedonia to the south , and Kosovo to the west .
CityLink Mall ( simplified Chinese : 城联广场 ; traditional Chinese : 城聯廣場 ; pinyin : Chénglián guǎngchǎng ) is Singapore 's first underground mall , located within the One Raffles Link development at Marina Square .
Judaydat al - Khas or Jdeidet el Khass ( Arabic : جديدة الخاص‎ ) is a village in southwestern Syria in Rif Dimashq Governorate , close to Damascus International Airport .
The Swedish Electricians ' Union ( Svenska Elektrikerförbundet : SEF ) is a trade union in Sweden .
Skipperhuset refers to a small cluster of historic buildings including an 18th - century former royal boathouse located in Fredensborg Palace gardens on the southeastern shoreline of Lake Esrum at Fredensborg , Denmark .
Duékoué ( French : ( dwekwe ) ) is a city in western Ivory Coast .
Theaterpathologisches Institut is a theatre project in Germany .
Heidelberg Zoo is a zoo in Germany which was founded in 1933 and opened for the public on 20 November 1934 .
Great Bear Lake Airport ( IATA : DAS , TC LID : CFF4 ) is a private aerodrome adjacent to Great Bear Lake , Northwest Territories , Canada .
Hoogeveen ( ˌɦoːɣəˈveːn ) ( Dutch Low Saxon : ' t Ogeveine or ' t Oveine ) is a municipality and a town in the northeastern Netherlands .
Faqer Khadariyan ( Persian : فقرخدريان‎ , also Romanized as Faqīr Khadarīyān ; also known as Faqīyeh Khadarīyān and Faqīr Khadar ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Çorum ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈtʃoɾum ) ) is a landlocked northern Anatolian city that is the capital of the Çorum Province of Turkey .
Allandale Waterfront GO Station , was built just south of Allandale Station , a historic train station that occupies a large property on the southern shore of Lake Simcoe in the waterfront area of Barrie , Ontario , Canada .
Barva Volcano is an andesitic volcanic shield complex in central Costa Rica , 22 km north of San José , in Heredia Province .
Cinema Farhang is the most famous movie theater in Tehran and also in Iran .
Elgsnes Chapel ( Norwegian : Elgsnes kapell ) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county , Norway .
Catedral de Nossa Senhora do Paraíso is a church located in São Paulo , Brazil and is the seat of the Melkite Greek Catholic Eparchy of Nossa Senhora do Paraíso em São Paulo .
Waghinzoy ( Yaghnobi Ԝағинзой , Russian : Вагинзой ) is a village in western Tajikistan .
Compañía Panameña de Aviación , S.A. , ( NYSE : CPA ) ( commonly referred to simply as `` Copa Airlines '' ) is the flag carrier of Panama .
Tuchola County ( Polish : powiat tucholski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
The Çaldağ mine is a large mine in the west of Turkey in Manisa Province 232 km west of the capital , Ankara .
Moersdorf ( Luxembourgish : Méischdref ) is a small town in the commune of Mompach , in eastern Luxembourg .
Skarbiszów ( skarˈbiʂuf ) ( German : Karbischau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tenom is a town located within the eponymous district in the Interior Division of Sabah , east Malaysia on the island of Borneo .
Nuuk ( Greenlandic pronunciation : ( nuːk ) ; Danish : Godthåb ) is the capital and largest city of Greenland .
The Cantonal Council ( German : Kantonsrat ) is a style adopted by a number of cantonal legislatures in Switzerland .
Satkhira City College ( Bengali : সাতক্ষীরা সিটি কলেজ ) is a college in the Rasulpur neighborhood of Satkhira , Bangladesh .
Rakiura National Park is a nature reserve park located on Stewart Island / Rakiura , New Zealand .
The fruits and flowers of Irapuato 's luxurious gardens are well known throughout Mexico .
The Brighton Beach Range Lights are a set of two range lights ( front and rear ) in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Severen Tsentralen Planning Region ( Bulgarian : Северен централен район за планиране ) is a planning region of Bulgaria , encompassing five Bulgarian provinces :
The Quito Astronomical Observatory ( Spanish : Observatorio Astronómico de Quito - OAQ ) is a research institute of EPN , the National Polytechnic School in Quito , Ecuador .
Mayaluka is a town in south - eastern Swaziland about 5 kilometres north - east of Big Bend .
Imielin ( iˈmʲɛlʲin ) is a small town in Silesia in southern Poland , near Katowice .
Mainland Halifax is a region in central Nova Scotia , Canada that refers to the central - eastern part of the Chebucto Peninsula in the Halifax Regional Municipality .
The Prunéřov Power Station ( Czech : Elektrárna Prunéřov , EPRU ) is the largest coal - fired power station in the Czech Republic with installed capacity of 1,490 MW .
Kizhanatham is a village near Palayamkottai in Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu India .
Brunnenburg ( Italian : Castel Fontana ) is a 13th - century castle in the province of South Tyrol , in northern Italy .
Avision owns and operates four branch offices in China , Germany , the United States , and Japan , and employs approximately 2,000 individuals .
Kukherd ( Persian : كوخرد‎‎ , also Romanized as Kūkherd , Kookherd , and Kuhkhird ; also known as Chāleh Kūkherd ) is a city in and the capital of Kukherd District , in Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Sherwood Forest Bridge spans Wascana Creek in the Rural Municipality of Sherwood , 8 kilometers north of Grand Coulee , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Val - de - Livre is a commune in the Marne department , northern France .
Szczecin Landscape Park `` Beech Woods '' ( Polish : Szczeciński Park Krajobrazowy `` Puszcza Bukowa '' ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in north - western Poland , established in 1981 and covering an area of 91 square kilometres ( 35 sq mi ) .
The Tea Party released eight albums on EMI Music Canada , selling 1.6 million records worldwide , and achieving a No . 1 Canadian single `` Heaven Coming Down '' in 1999 .
Vodka is traditionally drunk neat ( not mixed with any water , ice , or other mixer ) , though it is often served chilled in the vodka belt countries ( Belarus , Estonia , Finland , Iceland , Latvia , Lithuania , Norway , Poland , Russia , Sweden , Ukraine ) .
Syvota ( Greek : Σύβοτα , before 1940 : Μούρτος Mourtos ) is a village and a former municipality in Thesprotia , Epirus , Greece .
Borgo di Terzo is a comune in the province of Bergamo , Lombardy , in northern Italy .
Ignackowo ( iɡnat͡sˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Natzkau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Syrianochori ( Greek : Συριανοχώρι ; Turkish : Yayla ) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Lilla Sjötullsbron ( Swedish : `` Small Sea Customs Bridge '' ) is a concrete pedestrian bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Kashanuk ( Persian : كاشنوك‎ , also Romanized as Kāshanūk ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gunaroš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гунарош , Hungarian : Gunaras ) is a village in Serbia .
Baarin ( Arabic : بعرين‎ , Baʿrīn or Biʿrīn ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located in Homs Gap roughly 38 kilometers ( 24 mi ) southwest of Hama .
Mfuwe Airport ( IATA : MFU , ICAO : FLMF ) is an airport serving Mfuwe , a settlement in the Eastern Province in Zambia .
Kopice ( Maglaj ) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Castilruiz is a municipality in the province of Soria , Castile and León , Spain .
Pahayi is a town in Yewa South local government area , Ogun State , Nigeria .
Ayquina ( also spelled as Aiquina ) is a village located on the northern flank of Salado River Canyon in the Calama commune of the El Loa Province in Chile 's Antofagasta Region .
The Balbina Dam ( Portuguese : Usina Hidrelétrica de Balbina ) is a hydroelectric dam and power station on the Uatumã River in the Amazon Rainforest , Brazil .
Surrey Central was a federal electoral district in British Columbia , Canada , used in the 1997 and 2000 elections to elect a Member of Parliament for the 36th and 37th Parliaments , respectively .
Fort Ingall was originally a British fieldwork built in Cabano , Quebec , Canada in 1839 for the Aroostook War between Great Britain and the United States of America .
Glattpark is a large construction project in Switzerland that is taking shape in Opfikon , close to the border to Zurich .
Expo 2005 was the World 's Fair held for 185 days between Friday , March 25 and Sunday , September 25 , 2005 , in Aichi Prefecture , Japan , east of the city of Nagoya .
Manicaragua ( Spanish pronunciation : ( manikaˈɾaɣwa ) ) is a municipality and mountain town in the Villa Clara Province of Cuba .
The Tokugawa Garden ( 徳川園 Tokugawa - en ) is a Japanese garden in the city of Nagoya , central Japan .
Lüchow ( Wendland ) ( German pronunciation : ( ˈlyːçoː ) ) is a city in northeastern Lower Saxony , in Germany .
The Dandongadale River , a perennial river of the North - East Murray catchment of the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the alpine region of Victoria , Australia .
St. Vitus ' Abbey on the Rott ( Kloster Sankt Veit an der Rott ) was a Benedictine monastery in the municipality of Neumarkt - Sankt Veit in the district of Mühldorf in Bavaria , Germany .
Wilczkowice Średnie ( vilt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɕrɛdɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Čadca ( pronunciation ; until 1918 Čatca , Czača ) is a district town in northern Slovakia , near the border with Poland and the Czech Republic .
Alol Lamma Gad is a populated place in the southwestern Bay region of Somalia .
Kumlinge Airfield ( ICAO : EFKG ) ( Swedish : Kumlinge flygfält , Finnish : Kumlingen lentokenttä ) is an airfield in Kumlinge , Åland , Finland .
Sielecki Castle is a castle in the city of Sosnowiec in southern Poland .
Mošćenička Draga ( Italian : Draga di Moschiena ) is municipality in Primorje - Gorski Kotar County , Croatia .
Šiluva is a small town of less than 1,000 inhabitants in Lithuania .
Omitara is a settlement in the Steinhausen electoral constituency in the Omaheke Region of Namibia .
The University of Sri Jayewardenepura ( Sinhalese : ශ්‍රී ජයවර්ධනපුර විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය , Tamil : ஸ்ரீ ஜயவர்தனபுர பல்கலைக்கழகம் ) is a university in Sri Lanka .
East Pen Island is one of several uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut , Canada located within southwestern Hudson Bay .
Moholmen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Moholmen fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county , Norway .
Nowshahr - e Kalangi ( Persian : نوشهركلنگي‎ , also Romanized as Nowshahr - e Kalangī ) is a village in Sirik Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sućuraj ( known as San Giorgio in Italian ) is a picturesque small town on the east cape of the island Hvar in Croatia , 3 NM ( 5 km ) from the Dalmatian coast and 77 km from the town of Hvar .
Mahniči ( pronounced ( ˈmaːxnitʃi ) ; Italian : Machinici ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Powidz Landscape Park ( Powidzki Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in west - central Poland , established in 1998 , covering an area of 246 square kilometres ( 95 sq mi ) .
Jolja ' is an archaeological site of the pre - Columbian Mayan civilization , located in the Chiapas highlands of central southern Mexico .
The Mongarlowe River is a perennial river of the Shoalhaven catchment located in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales , Australia .
Zavyshen ( also Zawisznia ; Ukrainian : Завишень ) is a village in Ukraine .
Khurramobod ( Uzbek : Khurramobod , Russian : Хуррамобод , alternative spellings Khurramabad , Hurramabad , Khurmavat ) is a village ( pop est 3,000 ) in Rishtan town , in Fergana Province , in Uzbekistan , located about halfway between Kokand and Fergana .
Guanabo is a beach town in the Ciudad de la Habana Province of Cuba .
Ashianak ( Persian : اشيانك‎ , also Romanized as Āshīānak and Āshyānak ; also known as Ashnak ) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Palu'e island is under the administrative region of Sikka regency of East Nusa Tenggara province , Indonesia .
Beit Rimon ( Hebrew : בֵּית רִמּוֹן , lit . House of the Pomegranate ) is a religious kibbutz in Israel .
Chorteppa ( Persian : ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Tuol Ta Aek ( សង្កាត់ទួលតាឯក ) is a khum ( commune ) of Battambang District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
Magelungen is one of the biggest lakes in Stockholm , Sweden , located between the municipalities of Stockholm and Huddinge .
The Bossons Glacier is one of the larger glaciers of the Mont Blanc massif of the Alps , found in the Chamonix valley of Haute - Savoie département , south - eastern France .
The Puente de Isabel II , Puente de Triana or Triana Bridge , is a bridge that connects the Triana neighbourhood of Seville , Spain with the centre of the city .
Veliki Hrib ( pronounced ( ' ʋeːliki ˈxɾiːp ) ; German : Großhrib ) is a dispersed settlement on an elevation on the left bank of the Nevljica River in the Tuhinj Valley in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kiswara ( Aymara for Buddleja incana , hispanicized spelling Quisuara ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,400 metres ( 14,436 ft ) high .
Kavanak ( Persian : كوانك‎ , also Romanized as Kavānak ) is a village in Mizdej - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Luzón is a municipality in the comarca of Señorío de Molina - Alto Tajo , province of Guadalajara , Castile - La Mancha , in central Spain .
Borj - e Ziad ( Persian : برج زياد‎ , also Romanized as Borj - e Zīād , Borj - e Zeyād , Borj Zīād , and Burj - i - Ziād ) is a village in Alqurat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Microregion of Caraguatatuba ( Portuguese : Microrregião de Caraguatatuba ) , often referred as Litoral Norte ( Northern Coastline ) , is a microregion in the easternmost coastal part of São Paulo State , Brazil .
The Murrurundi Times and Liverpool Plains Gazette , also published as The Murrurundi and Quirindi Times and Liverpool Plains Gazette , was an English language newspaper published in Murrurundi , New South Wales , Australia from 1871 to 1933 .
Średnie Małe ( ˈɕrɛdɲɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bilo , formerly spelled Billo and Billò , is a town in central Ethiopia .
North Button Island National Park is a national park in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands along the coast of India .
Templewko ( tɛmˈplɛfkɔ ) ( German : Tempelwald ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bledzew , within Międzyrzecz County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Mount Butak is a stratovolcano in East Java province on Java island , Indonesia .
The Rideau Hall Rebels or , by its full name , the Vice - Regal and Parliamentary Hockey Club was one of the first ice hockey teams in Canada .
Poshteh - ye Kol Kol ( Persian : پشته كل كل‎ ; also known as Peleh - ye Kolkol and Pelleh Kalkal ) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Chinnar River originates in the Annaimalai Hills below a grassy pass between the hills Kumarikal Malai ( 8,275 ft ) and Kaladekatti Malai In Idukki District , Kerala state South India .
In Germany , Austria and Switzerland , Discovery Channel is part of the Premiere digital network and supplies specific programs to other networks like ZDF and kabel eins .
Tabas County ( Persian : شهرستان طبس‎ ) is a county in South Khorasan Province in Iran .
InterCity East Coast is a railway franchise for passenger trains on the East Coast Main Line in the United Kingdom from London King 's Cross to Hull , Leeds , Bradford , Harrogate , Newcastle , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Inverness and Aberdeen .
Guantánamo is a municipality and city in southeast Cuba and capital of Guantánamo Province .
Broadmoor Boulevard is a major arterial road in Sherwood Park , Alberta , Canada .
Berkovci ( Hungarian : Berkeháza ) is a settlement northwest of Prosenjakovci in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Vichuquén Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Vichuquén , ICAO : SCDM ) is a public use airport located 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of Vichuquén , Maule , Chile .
Nordaust - Svalbard Nature Reserve ( Norwegian : Nordaust - Svalbard naturreservat ) is located in the north - eastern part of the Svalbard archipelago in Norway .
The Waterview Connection is a motorway section under construction through west / central Auckland , New Zealand .
Bərcan ( also , Bardzhan and Byardzhan ) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bluewaters Power Station was the first privately owned , coal - fired power station in Western Australia .
Dasht Shomal - e Golpayegan ( Persian : دشت شمال گلپايگان‎ , also Romanized as Dasht Sohmāl - e Golpāyegān ) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The 2003 Lexmark Indy 300 was the eighteenth round of the 2003 CART World Series season , held on 26 October 2003 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit , Queensland , Australia .
Kodaikanal Christian College ( KCC ) is a private , self - financing , autonomous college in Kodaikanal , Tamil Nadu , India .
Daimari is a beach and bay on the northern coast of Aruba , to the north of Angochi .
The Festiniog Railway Letter Service is an officially authorised service within the United Kingdom railway system for posting and transmission of letters , and under certain circumstances also delivering the letters directly to intended recipients .
Rajarampuri is a suburb in the city of Kolhapur in southern Maharashtra , India .
Łochów Nowy ( ˈwɔxuf ˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Gałajny ( ɡaˈwai̯nɨ ) ( German : Gallehnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Royal Society of Chemistry ( RSC ) is a learned society ( professional association ) in the United Kingdom with the goal of `` advancing the chemical sciences . ''
Prades Mountains , also known as Muntanyes de Prades , is a large calcareous mountain massif straddling the comarcas of Alt Camp , Baix Camp , Conca de Barberà , Garrigues and Priorat , in Catalonia , Spain .
The Zeterklippen are a striking rock formation or tor on the 930 metre high Renneckenberg mountain , overlooking the Ilse valley in the Harz mountains in Germany .
Colorado Adventure is a steel roller coaster located at Phantasialand in Brühl , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Tomra or Tomrefjord is a village located in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Executive Committee Board of Directors General membership The Canadian Olympic Committee is based in Toronto , Ontario ( corporate office ) and at Canada Olympic House in Montreal .
Port Macquarie Airport ( IATA : PQQ , ICAO : YPMQ ) is an airport in Port Macquarie , New South Wales , Australia .
The Caratasca Lagoon ( Spanish : Laguna de Caratasca ) is a large lagoon in the department of Gracias a Dios in northeastern Honduras .
Voykovsky District ( Russian : Во́йковский райо́н ) is an administrative district ( raion ) , one of the sixteen in Northern Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow , Russia .
Argolis and Corinthia Prefecture ( Greek : Νομός Ἀργολίδος καὶ Κορινθίας ) , commonly known as Argolidocorinthia ( Ἀργολιδοκορινθία ) , was one of the prefectures of Greece .
Caspian Residential Complex ( Persian : مجتمع مسکوني خزر شهر‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Maskūnī - ye Khezer Shahr ; also known as Khezer Shahr - e Jonūbī ) is a village in Barik Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunkenar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Malnava Manor ( Latvian : Malnavas muiža , Polish : Małnów ) is a manor in the historical region of Latgale , in Latvia .
The Lower Dibang Valley district ( Pron:/dɪˈbæŋ/ ) is an administrative district in the state of Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India .
The Salvation Army , Parramatta ( abbreviated to PSA ) is a Salvation Army Corps located in the Parramatta , New South Wales , Australia .
Schöningen is a town of about 11,000 inhabitants in the district of Helmstedt , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Cafection Enterprises Inc. is a coffee brewer equipment manufacturer based in Canada .
The Branting Monument is a monument in Stockholm , Sweden , with a statue of the Swedish Social Democratic leader Hjalmar Branting ( 1860 -- 1925 ) .
Warsaw Uprising Monument ( Polish : Pomnik Powstania Warszawskiego ) is a monument in Warsaw , Poland , dedicated to the Warsaw Uprising of 1944 .
Baba Sheydollah ( Persian : باباشيداله‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Sheydollāh ; also known as Bāba Saidullah ) is a village in Chaharduli - ye Sharqi Rural District , Chaharduli District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mramorovo pri Lužarjih ( pronounced ( mɾaˈmoːɾɔʋɔ pɾi ˈluːʒaɾjix ) ) is a small settlement northeast of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Chifubu is a small urban area in Ndola , Zambia .
Oraovac ( Serbian : Ораовац ) is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje , Serbia .
Guanay is a small town on the Tupuani River in the Yungas region of Bolivia .
Obock ( also Obok , Ubuk ) is a small port town in Djibouti .
Bahu Kalat ( Persian : باهوكلات‎ , also Romanized as Bāhū Kalāt ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mohammadabad - e Sarkhuiyeh ( Persian : محمدابادسرخوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Sarkhū’īyeh ; also known as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mucharzew ( muˈxaʐɛf ) ( till December 31 , 2001 as at Mucharzów ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Semien Province was a historical province of northwest Ethiopia , often called Gondar .
Smolno Wielkie ( ˈsmɔlnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kargowa , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Karatobe ( Russian : Каратобе ) is a selo in north - western Kazakhstan .
Neyshaburak ( Persian : نيشابورك‎ , also Romanized as Neyshābūrak and Nīshābūrak ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mir Kuh - e Sofla ( Persian : ميركوه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Kūh - e Soflá ; also known as Mīr Kūh - e Ḩājjī ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Baruta ( pop . 317,288 ) is a municipality within the Metropolitan District of Caracas in Venezuela .
Jamame District ( Somali : Degmada Jamaame ) is a district in the southern Lower Juba ( Jubbada Hoose ) region of Somalia .
Sagatun Folk High School ( Norwegian : Sagatun folkehøyskole ) was a folk high school in Hamar , Norway .
Blšany ( German : Flöhau bei Podersam ) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Adoor Palam is a village near Kadachira , in Kannur District , India .
Filmbyen ( English : Film City ) is a film studio complex located in Hvidovre just outside Copenhagen , Denmark .
Janvislu or Janveslou ( Persian : جانويسلو‎ , also Romanized as Jānvīslū ; also known as Jāneslū and Jānveslū ) is a village in Baranduz Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Colluli mine is a large potash mine located in southern Eritrea .
Estádio Municipal Bento de Abreu Sampaio Vidal , usually known as Estádio Bento de Abreu or , sometimes by its nickname Abreuzão is a multi - use stadium in Marília , Brazil .
The Arboretum de la Pipe Qui Fume ( 4 hectares ) is an arboretum located in the Forêt Domaniale des Hazelles at Bogny - sur - Meuse , Ardennes , Champagne - Ardenne , France .
San Miguel de Abona is a town and a municipality in the southern part of the island of Tenerife , one of the Canary Islands , and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Spain .
San Emigdio ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san eˈmiɣðjo ) ) is a municipality in the La Paz department of El Salvador .
Junín Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Junín ) ( IATA : JNI , ICAO : SAAJ ) is a domestic airport serving Junín , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Prkosi ( Cyrillic : Пркоси ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Giardino Montano Linasia ( 9,000 m² ) is a nature preserve and botanical garden located at 720 meters altitude near Monte Linas in San Benedetto , Iglesias , Province of Carbonia - Iglesias , Sardinia , Italy .
Palacios del Arzobispo ( Spanish for `` Palaces of the Archbishop '' ) is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca in western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile and León .
Limhamn - Bunkeflo was a city district ( Swedish : stadsdel ) in the west and south of Malmö Municipality , Sweden .
Turner Valley is a town in the Calgary Region of Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Foothills No . 31 .
Sukhodilsk ( Ukrainian : Суходільськ , Russian : Суходольск ) is a city in Krasnodon Municipality in Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Villetta Barrea is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila , in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
The Klingbach is a stream , just under 38 kilometres long , in South Palatinate , Germany , and a left - hand tributary of the Michelsbach .
İzmir Institute of Technology ( Turkish : İzmir Yüksek Teknoloji Enstitüsü , commonly referred to as İYTE ) is a public research university in İzmir , Turkey .
Ardro pri Raki ( pronounced ( ˈaːɾdɾɔ pɾi ˈɾaːki ) ) is a small settlement east of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Kimin is a populated place in the Papum Pare district of Arunachal Pradesh , India .
Inje University Station ( Hangul : 인제대역 ; hanja : 仁濟大驛 ) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Samjeong - dong , Gimhae , South Korea .
Tojg is a large village in Farah Province , in western Afghanistan , located about 45 kilometres southwest of the city of Farah .
Korea National Training Center , also known as the Taeneung Training Center , located in Gongneung - dong , Nowon - gu , in the northeast part of Seoul , is the only national athletic training center of South Korea .
Lovćen ( Serbian : Lovćen , Ловћен , pronounced ( lôːʋtɕen ) ) is a mountain and national park in southwestern Montenegro .
The Lukunsky grove ( Russian : Лукунский ) is a forest in Russia , Krasnoyarsk Krai , southern bank of Lukunsk River , to the south from Khatanga River .
Grandchester railway station is a heritage - listed former railway station at Ipswich Road , Grandchester , City of Ipswich , Queensland , Australia .
Puerto Bolívar Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Puerto Bolívar ) ( ICAO : SKPB ) is a private airport located in the Guajira Department of Colombia .
Laguna San Rafael National Park ( Spanish pronunciation : ( laˈɣuna san rafaˈel ) ) is a park located on the Pacific coast of southern Chile .
Kitsault is an unincorporated settlement on the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada , at the head of Alice Arm , Observatory Inlet and at the mouth of the Kitsault River .
The Nuestra Señora de la Luz Parish Church ( also Our Lady of Light Parish Church ) , commonly known as Loon Church , was a Roman Catholic Church in the municipality of Loon , Bohol , Philippines , under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagbilaran .
Waterloo Co - operative Residence Incorporated , also known as WCRI , is a non - profit student housing co - operative located in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada .
Montuenga Castle in Soria , Spain forms part of the defensive line of the Jalón River set in a natural passage between the plateau and strategic basin of the Ebro .
Tizza is a small town in the Jirapa District of the Upper West Region of Ghana .
Until January 1 , 2007 , Bramsnæs was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Roskilde County on the island of Zealand in east Denmark .
Liujia Station ( Chinese : 六家車站 ; pinyin : Liùjiā Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Liujia Line located in Zhubei City , Hsinchu County , Taiwan .
Fort Belgica is a 17th - century fort in Banda Neira , Banda Islands , Maluku Islands ( the Moluccas ) , Indonesia .
Viikki ( Swedish : Vik ) is a neighbourhood of about 5,500 inhabitants in Helsinki , Finland .
Valdštejn Castle ( German : Waldstein ) is an early Gothic fortress near Turnov , in the Czech Republic .
Mai'Adua ( or Maiaduwa ) is a Local Government Area in Katsina State , Nigeria , sharing a border with the Republic of Niger .
The Lance is also the student newspaper at the University of Windsor in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Młodynin ( mwɔˈdɨnin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Basona Werana ( `` Baso and Werana '' ) is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
Saray Deh ( Persian : سراي ده‎ , also Romanized as Sarāy Deh ; also known as Sarai and Sarāy ) is a village in Jazireh Rural District , Ilkhchi District , Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tverečius ( Polish : Twerecz ) is a town in Ignalina district municipality , in Utena County , eastern Lithuania .
Aerdenhout is a small town in the municipality of Bloemendaal , the Netherlands .
Gudåa or Gudå is a village in the municipality of Meråker in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
European route E96 or E96 is a European route running from İzmir in Turkey ( connected to European route E881 ) to Sivrihisar ( in Turkey ) , which is connected to European route E90 .
Čáslav ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtʃaːslaf ) ; German : Tschaslau ) is a town in eastern part of Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Uppsala Central Station is a railway station located at Uppsala in Uppsala Municipality , Sweden .
Gornja Ljuboviđa ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горња Љубовиђа ) is a village in Serbia .
The Lyonnais is a historical province of France which owes its name to the city of Lyon .
Polska Cerekiew ( ˈpɔlska t͡sɛˈrɛkʲɛf ) , in German Groß Neukirch , is a village in Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Its last sultan , Salih ibn al Husayn ibn Jabil Al Audhali , was deposed and his state was abolished in 1967 upon the founding of the People 's Republic of South Yemen .
Buślary ( buˈɕlarɨ ) ( formerly German Buslar ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Surya Sen Park is a park in Mahakal Pally , Siliguri , West Bengal , India .
Sakkyryr Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Саккырыр ) ( IATA : SUK ) is an airport serving the urban locality of Batagay - Alyta , Eveno - Bytantaysky National District , in the Sakha Republic of Russia , along the Yana River .
Sukuta is a town located in the Western Division of the Gambia .
XEWK - AM is a clear - channel AM station near Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico .
The Association of Vôge Valley communes ( French : Communauté de communes du Val de Vôge ) is a French administrative association of rural communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and on the southern edge of the region of Lorraine .
Prommanusorn Phetchaburi School ( abbreviated `` PB '' ) is located in Thailand .
Mazraeh - ye Mahmudabad ( Persian : مزرعه محموداباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Maḩmūdābād ; also known as Maḩmūdābād ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Sultan Idris Education University ( Malay : University Pendidikan Sultan Idris ; commonly abbreviated as UPSI ; Jawi : اونيۏرسيتي ڤنديديقن سلطان إدريس‎ ) is a public university in the town of Tanjung Malim , Perak in Malaysia .
Ærø ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈɛːʁœːˀ ) ) is one of the Danish Baltic Sea islands , and part of the Southern Denmark Region .
The Ussuri River or Wusuli River ( Russian : река Уссури ; Chinese : 乌苏里江 ; pinyin : Wūsūlǐ Jiāng ) , runs through Khabarovsk and Primorsky Krais , Russia , and the southeast region of Northeast China .
The Saburtalo Pantheon ( Georgian : საბურთალოს საზოგადო მოღვაწეთა პანთეონი ) is a burial site in Tbilisi , Georgia , where some of the most prominent scientists and cultural activities are buried .
The Nuclear Safety and Security Commission ( Hangul : 원자력안전위원회 ; hanja : 原子力安全委員會 , NSSC ) is one of a nuclear organizations in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Education and Science Technology .
Chota Imambara ( Urdu : چھوٹا امامباڑا‎ , Hindi : छोटा इमामबाड़ा ) , also known as Hussainabad Imambara ( Urdu : حسین آباد امامباڑا , Hindi : हुसैनाबाद इमामबाड़ा ) is an imposing monument located in the city of Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Kampuchean Federation of Trade Unions ( abbreviated KAFTU ) was a trade union centre in the People 's Republic of Kampuchea ( present - day Cambodia ) .
Keft Gol Anbar ( Persian : كفت گل انبار‎ , also Romanized as Keft Gol Ānbār ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chuch'o Station is a railway station in Chucho'o - rodongjagu , Musan county , North Hamgyŏng province , North Korea , on the Musan Line of the Korean State Railway .
The Battle of Timbuktu occurred in Timbuktu , Mali , in March 2013 , between Islamist groups and Mali government forces supported by France .
Sierra de Baza is a mountain range near the city of Baza in the Granada province in Spain .
Kamionacz ( kaˈmjɔnat͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Vaslui ( Romanian pronunciation : ( vasˈluj ) ) , a city in eastern Romania , is the seat of Vaslui County , in the historical region of Moldavia .
Dalikdash ( Persian : دليكداش‎ , also Romanized as Dalīkdash ; also known as Dalīkdāshī ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
CHLI - FM , or Rossland Community Radio Co - operative is a volunteer - led co - operative community radio station in Rossland , British Columbia , Canada .
Chaldoran County ( Persian : شهرستان چالدران‎‎ ) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Islas Marías ( `` Mary Islands '' ) are an archipelago of four islands that belong to Mexico .
Hosen ( Hebrew : חֹסֶן‎ , חוסן , lit . `` Strength '' ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Maqdah is a village in south - western Yemen located in the Abyan Governorate .
Mahanayim ( Hebrew : מחניים , מַחֲנַיִם ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Minsk Automobile Plant ( MAZ , Belarusian : Адкрытaе Акцыянэрнaе Таварыства `` Мінскі аўтамабільны завод '' , Open JSC Minski Autamabilny Zavod , Russian : Минский автомобильный завод Minskyi Avtomobilnyi Zavod ) is a state - run automotive manufacturer association in Belarus , one of the largest in Eastern Europe .
Satelmish - e Mohammadlu ( Persian : ساتلميش محمدلو‎ , also Romanized as Sātelmīsh - e Moḩammadlū ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The New South Wales Board ( Irish : Cumann Lúthchleas Gael , Coiste An Bhreatain Bheag Nua ó Dheas ) or New South Wales GAA is a division of the Australasian Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) , and is responsible for Gaelic games in New South Wales , Australia .
Kanha Tiger Reserve , also called Kanha National Park , is one of the tiger reserves of India and the largest national park of Madhya Pradesh state in India .
Wanqhay T'ira ( Quechua , possibly from wanqhay to throw down , t'ira twin , hispanicized spelling Huancaitira ) is a mountain in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
The Dent d'Oche is a mountain in the Haute - Savoie region of France , in the Chablais massif , near the Swiss - French border , that rises to 2,221 m ( 7,287 ft ) in altitude .
Zgornja Korena ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈkoːɾɛna ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Duplek in northeastern Slovenia .
Tyung River ( Russian : Тюнг ) is a river in Yakutia , Russia .
Parque Lenin ( English : Lenin Park ) is a recreational park complex situated south of Havana , Cuba .
HaKirya , or The Kirya ( Hebrew : הַקִּרְיָה , lit . The Campus ) , is an area in central Tel Aviv , containing the Tel - Aviv District government center and the major Israel Defense Forces base , Camp Rabin ( Hebrew : מַחֲנֶה רַבִּין , Machaneh Rabin ) , named for Yitzhak Rabin .
Bozghaleh ( Persian : بزغاله‎ , also Romanized as Bozghāleh ; also known as Boz Qal``eh ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 116 , in 22 families .
The Makupa Circus is a primary road junction in Mombasa , Kenya .
Anikkadavu is a small village formerly a part of Coimbatore Rural District , India , but now in Tiruppur District which belongs to Udumalpet taluk .
The Southedge Dam , also known as the Quaids Dam and officially known as the Lake Mitchell Dam , is an eathfill - filled embankment dam across the Mitchell River located in Far North Queensland , Australia .
Saunders Secondary School is located at 941 Viscount Road in the Westmount suburb of London , Ontario , Canada .
The Veracruz moist forests are an ecoregion , in the tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forest biome , in eastern Mexico .
Carenne School is a school for disabled students in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
Avelanges is a commune in the Côte - d'Or department in the Burgundy region of eastern France .
The Torul Dam is a concrete - face rock - fill dam on the Harşit River located 10 km ( 6 mi ) northwest of Torul in Gümüşhane Province , Turkey .
Thuburbo Majus ( or Thuburbo Maius ) is a large Roman site in northern Tunisia .
Vrhovine ( Serbian Cyrillic : Врховине ) is a town and a municipality in Lika - Senj County , Croatia .
The Defence College of Electro - Mechanical Engineering ( DCEME ) was formed on 2 April 2004 as one of five Defence Training Establishments ( DTEs ) introduced to deliver coherent and cost effective training across the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence .
Rocky Valley ( Cornish : Glynn Duwy , meaning deep valley of the river Duwy ) is a small valley with spectacular scenery in the parish of Tintagel , north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The city lies near the Buhayrat al Qadisiyyah , an artificial lake which was created by the building of the Haditha Dam , the largest hydroelectric facility in Iraq .
The Gorce Mountains ( Polish : Gorce ( ɡɔrˈt͡sɛ ) ) are part of the Western Beskids mountain range spreading across southernmost Poland .
Beto Carrero World is the biggest theme park in Latin America , located in Penha , Brazil .
Greater Rio de Janeiro ( Grande Rio , officially Região Metropolitana do Rio de Janeiro , in Portuguese ) is a large metropolitan area located in Rio de Janeiro state in Brazil , the second largest in Brazil and third largest in South America .
The Nanpu Power Plant ( Chinese : 南部發電廠 ; pinyin : Nánbù Fādiànchǎng ) is a gas - fired power plant in Cianjhen , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Thika District is a former administrative district in the Central Province of Kenya .
The Bayern - Kaserne ( literally Bavaria - Kaserne ) is a military facility in Munich , Germany , originally named General - Wever - Kaserne .
Gore High School is one of two secondary schools in Gore , New Zealand .
Sumprabum ( Burmese : ဆွမ်ပရာဘွမ်မြို့ ) is a town in the Kachin State of the northernmost part of the Burma ( Myanmar ) .
The Bednarska Street in Warsaw , Poland , is a street in Warsaw 's Śródmieście borough , and is the narrowest street in Warsaw ( 5.3 m ) .
Kuhlen - Wendorf is a municipality in the Ludwigslust - Parchim district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany , it is famed for the unique Bratwurst , which slightly differs than the rest of Germany , by the addition of veal .
Gąsawa ( ɡɔ̃ˈsava ) ( German : Gonsawa , 1939 - 45 Gerlingen ) is a village in Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Bradda Hill ( Manx : Cronk Vradda ) is a headland some 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) north of the village of Port Erin on the Isle of Man .
Bayan Muna ( English : Nation First ) is a leftist political party in the Philippines .
The Valdigne is the upper part of the Aosta Valley in north - west Italy .
Sortławki ( sɔrˈtwafkʲi ) ( German : Sortlack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Belém - Brasília Highway ( in Portuguese : Rodovia Belém - Brasília ) is a set of portions of six federal highways of Brazil , of which each portion contributes to the function of connecting the Atlantic port city of Belém in the northern state of Pará and the national capital Brasília in the southern interior .
Fanshawe College of Applied Arts and Technology is one of the largest colleges in Ontario , Canada .
Buda Ruska ( ˈbuda ˈruska ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
XEB - AM ( branded as La B Grande ) is a radio station on AM frequency 1220 kHz , serving Mexico City and surrounding areas in Mexico .
Aldeia Galega da Merceana ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aɫˈdɐjɐ ɡɐˈleɡɐ dɐ mɨɾsiˈɐnɐ ) ) is a former civil parish , located in the municipality of Alenquer , in western Portugal .
Tošići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тошићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo , Republika Srpka , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Likusy ( liˈkusɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Zrin Castle ( Gradina Zrin ) is a ruined castle located in the village of Zrin , south of the town of Sisak in Dvor municipality , central Croatia .
Hai - Ditkovetski ( Ukrainian : Гаї-Дітковецькі ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Mumbai International Film Festival for Documentary , Short and Animation Films ( MIFF ) , is a festival organized in the city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) by the ' Films Division ' , Ministry of Information and Broadcasting , Govt . of India .
Asiatique The Riverfront is a large open - air mall in Bangkok , Thailand .
Viðey ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈvɪːðei ) ; sometimes anglicised as Videy ) is the largest island of the Kollafjörður Bay in Iceland , near the capital of Reykjavík .
Głuche ( ˈɡwuxɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kielce Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo kieleckie ) is a former unit of administrative division and local government in Poland .
Pazik ( Persian : پزيك‎ , also Romanized as Pazīk ; also known as Pazī and Pezī ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Saeed Khan Khusk(Urdu : سعید خان خشک‎ ) , is a village in Kandiaro Taluka of Naushahro Feroze District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Zabytów ( zaˈbɨtuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava ( STU ) ( Slovak : Slovenská technická univerzita v Bratislave ) is the biggest and oldest university of technology in Slovakia .
Skibby is a town with a population of 3,127 ( 1 January 2015 ) and a former municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Frederikssund municipality in Region Hovedstaden in the northern part of the island of Zealand ( Sjælland ) in eastern Denmark .
Maastricht University ( abbreviated as UM ; Dutch : Universiteit Maastricht ) is a public university in Maastricht , the Netherlands .
Cape Carnot ( French : Cap Carnot ) is a headland located on the west side of the southern tip of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south west of the city of Port Lincoln .
The Lamta Archaeological Museum is an archaeological museum located in Lamta , Tunisia .
Jula Kamar ( Persian : جولاكمر‎ , also Romanized as Jūlā Kamar , Chūlā Kamar , Jilu Kamar , and Jūlākamar ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Elizabeth Quay Bus Station , formerly the Esplanade Busport , is a Transperth bus station , located at the southern edge of the Perth CBD in Western Australia , next to the Perth Convention Exhibition Centre and Elizabeth Quay railway station .
Lago di Val Viola ( Lagh da Val Viola ) is a lake in the Grisons , Switzerland .
Etobicoke North GO Station is a GO Transit train and bus station on the Kitchener line in Toronto , Canada .
The Shintoyone Dam ( 新豊根ダム ) is a multipurpose dam in the village of Toyone in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan .
The Oku Volcanic Field or Oku Massif is a group of volcanoes based on a swell in the Cameroon Volcanic Line , located in the Oku region of the Western High Plateau of Cameroon .
The Sigulda bobsleigh , luge , and skeleton track is located in Sigulda , Latvia .
Šentjur na Polju ( pronounced ( sɛnˈtjuːɾ na ˈpoːlju ) ) is a small village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Osino is a small town in the Fanteakwa South District of the Eastern region of Ghana - located on the Accra - Kumasi Highway , between Anyinam and Bunsu Junction .
Płoskinia ( pwɔsˈkiɲa ) ( German Plasswich ) is a village in Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Drenchia is located on the western slopes of the Kolovrat Range , dividing Italy from Slovenia , and borders the following municipalities :
Perin ( Persian : پرين‎ , also Romanized as Perīn ; also known as Ferīn , Parad , and Pīrīn ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Carabias is a village which belong to the municipality of Sigüenza , in the province Guadalajara ( province ) , Spain .
Jaffna Palace ruins refer to the remains of the Royal Palace of Jaffna , the royal abode of the ruling dynasty of the Kingdom of Jaffna , Nallur , Jaffna in Northern Sri Lanka .
Nallarallapalli or Nallaralapalli is a village located in the Krishnagiri district of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Fredrik Church ( Swedish : Fredrikskyrkan ) is located in Karlskrona , Blekinge Län , southern Sweden .
The Cerros Colorados Complex is a group of dams and hydroelectricity generation facilities on the lower valley of the Neuquén River , in Neuquén , Argentina .
The United People 's Progressive Party ( Bulgarian : Обединена народно-прогресивна партия , Obedinena narodno - progresivna partiya , ONPP ) was a political party in Bulgaria .
Pain Kala Gavabar ( Persian : پائين كلاگوابر‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Kalā Gavābar ; also known as Kalākāvar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Big Lobster is a tourist attraction located in the town of Kingston SE , South Australia .
Sematan Airport ( IATA : BSE , ICAO : WBGN ) is located in Sematan , Malaysia .
Renin - e Kuchek ( Persian : رنين كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Renīn - e Kūcheḵ ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Wessel Islands are a group of islands belonging to the Northern Territory of Australia .
Sáránd is a village in Eastern Hungary , in Hajdú - Bihar county , with a small Romanian population .
The Noguera Pallaresa ( Catalan pronunciation : ( nuˈɣeɾə pəʎəˈɾɛzə ) , locally : ( nuˈɣeɾɛ paʎaˈɾeza ) ; Occitan : Noguèra Palharesa , IPA : ( nuˈɣɛɾɔ paʎaˈɾezɔ ) ) is a river in Catalonia , Spain .
Negomano or Ngomano is a village in northern Mozambique , in Cabo Delgado Province .
Loango National Park is a national park in western Gabon .
Mioči ( Cyrillic : Миочи ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The MEGAL pipeline ( German : Mittel - Europäische - Gasleitung ) is a major natural gas pipeline system in southern Germany .
The Seoul Education Museum is an education museum in Seoul , South Korea .
We Independent Veneto ( Italian : Noi Veneto Indipendente , NVI ) is a Venetist and separatist coalition in Veneto , Italy .
Råslätts IP is a sports ground in Råslätt in Jönköping , Sweden .
Faranah is a town and sub - prefecture in central Guinea , lying by the River Niger .
Petkeljärvi National Park ( Finnish : Petkeljärven kansallispuisto ) is a national park in Ilomantsi in the North Karelia region of Finland .
Heerjansdam ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌɦeːrjɑnzˈdɑm ) ( ) ) is a village in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Now and Then Videoflow is a television program on Canada 's MuchMoreMusic .
Bluefields Indian and Caribbean University ( abbreviated BICU ) , is a university founded in 1991 , in Bluefields , South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region , Nicaragua .
The O.K. Range , also spelled OK Range , is a mountain range in northern British Columbia , Canada , located northeast of Terrace .
Cura Cabai is a village on the island of Aruba , located on the west coast of the island towards the southeasternmost point .
The Green Memorial Hospital is a non - profit hospital in Manipay , Sri Lanka .
Lomaloma is a district on the Fiji island of Vanua Balavu in the Lau archipelago .
Sylhet Division ( Bengali : সিলেট বিভাগ , Silet Bibhag ) , also known as Greater Sylhet or Sylhet region , is the northeastern division of Bangladesh , named after its main city , Sylhet .
Sredanci is a place in the Donji Andrijevci municipality of the Brod - Posavina County in Croatia .
The Alès Film Festival ( French : Le Festival Cinéma d'Alès Itinérances ) is a film festival held annually in the commune of Alès located within the Languedoc - Roussillon region of southern France .
Tolmachev Dol ( Russian : Толмачев Дол ) ( Tolmachev Plateau ) is a volcanic highland located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia , northeast of Opala volcano .
Satahovci ( Hungarian : Muraszentes ) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
The National Harmony Party ( Latvian : Tautas Saskaņas partija , TSP ; Russian : Партия народного согласия ) was a political party in Latvia .
Fégui is a town and urban commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Wädenswil , locally often called Wädi or Wädischwil , is a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
Pińskie ( ˈpiɲskʲɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Camotes Islands is a group of islands in the Camotes Sea , Philippines .
Sariego ( Asturian : Sariegu ) is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias , Spain .
Melli Kandi ( Persian : ملي كندي‎ , also Romanized as Mellī Kandī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
San Pedro del Norte ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sam ˈpeðɾo ðel ˈnorte ) ) is a municipality in the Chinandega department of Nicaragua .
Riesco Island ( Spanish : Isla Riesco ) lies at west of the Brunswick Peninsula , Chile .
Malubiting ( also known as Malubiting West ) is the second highest peak in the Rakaposhi - Haramosh Mountains , a subrange of the Karakoram range of Pakistan .
Dimari ( Greek : Δημάρι ) is a settlement in the municipality Georgios Karaiskakis , in the regional unit of Arta , Greece .
Kožlany ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkoʒlanɪ ) ) is a small town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
The Gustavians ( Swedish : Gustavianerna ) , was a name used for the loyalists of King Gustav III of Sweden , which played a certain role in Swedish politics during the late 18th- and early 19th - century .
Càlig ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈkalitʃ ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Gaj nad Mariborom ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːi̯ nat ˈmaːɾibɔɾɔm ) ; German : Heiligenkreuz ) is a settlement in the hills northwest of Maribor in northeastern Slovenia .
Viitaniemi School is a lower secondary school in Jyväskylä , Finland .
Chirades ( Greek : Χιράδες , locally known as Kyrades ) is a mountain village in southwestern Arcadia , Greece .
The Perthus Tunnel is a twin - bore railway tunnel between France and Spain under the Eastern Pyrenees , built as part of the high - speed railway line Perpignan - Figueres .
The Munzur Valley National Park ( Turkish : Munzur Vadisi Milli Parkı ) , established on December 21 , 1971 , is the largest and the most biodiverse national park in Turkey .
In 2010 The Lodge School celebrated its 265th anniversary as an institution of learning in Barbados .
Šid ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шид , pronounced ( ʃîːd ) ) is a town and municipality in the Syrmia District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
The People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) is the aerial warfare service branch of the People 's Liberation Army , the armed forces of the People 's Republic of China .
The Temagami River , formerly spelled as Timagami River , is a river in the Nipissing District of Ontario , Canada , west of the community of Marten River in the Temagami region .
The Railway Station Bananal building is located in the historical and tourist city of Bananal in São Paulo State , Brazil .
Odda Church ( Norwegian : Odda kyrkje ) is a parish church in Odda municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Huzhong District ( simplified Chinese : 呼中区 ; traditional Chinese : 呼中區 ; pinyin : Hūzhōng Qū ) is a district of Daxing'anling Prefecture , Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Candes - Saint - Martin ( Latin : Candia Sanctus Martinus ) is a commune in the Indre - et - Loire department in central France .
The Estévez Palace ( Spanish : Palacio Estévez ) is a building situated in Plaza Independencia , Montevideo , Uruguay , designed in a combination of Doric and Colonial styles by Manoel de Castel in 1873 .
Santo Aleixo da Restauração is a former civil parish in the municipality of Moura , southern Portugal , along the Portuguese - Spanish border .
The Manila Observatory ( originally the Observatorio Meteorológico del Ateneo Municipal de Manila , and later the Observatorio Meteorológico de Manila ) is a non - profit research institute housed on the campus of the Ateneo de Manila University in Quezon City , Philippines .
Padinjarangadi , also known as Padinharangadi , Angadi and Padinjaranadu , is a mini town place in the grama panchayath of Pattithara in Palakkad district of Kerala state , India ( pin code : 679552 ) .
The Amateur - Oberliga Berlin was the second tier of the German football league system in the city of West - Berlin in Germany from 1947 until the formation of the Bundesliga in 1963 , operating under the name of Amateurliga Berlin .
Ponnagar is a neighbourhood of the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu , India .
Lemsterland ( pronunciation , West Frisian : Lemsterlân ) is a former municipality in the northern Netherlands .
Ballina High School in New South Wales , Australia , was established in 1956 .
Yuhua Single Member Constituency ( Chinese : 裕华单选区 ; Malay : Kawasan Undi Perseorangan Yuhua ; Tamil : யூஹூவா தனித்தொகுதி ) is a Single Member Constituency located in the western area of Singapore .
Angakban ( Persian : انگكبان‎ , also Romanized as Angakbān and Engakbān ; also known as Angalkabān and Enkakvān ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , Hasanabad District , Eqlid County , Fars Province , Iran .
Liperi ( Swedish : Libelits ) is a municipality of Finland .
Maganik ( pronounced ( maɡǎniːk ) ) is a mountain range in Central Montenegro .
Prizac is a small hamlet surrounding a farm near Pleucadeuc in southern Brittany , France .
Waikato County was one of the counties of New Zealand on the North Island .
The 2000 Belgian Grand Prix ( formally , the LVIII Foster 's Belgian Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race held on 27 August 2000 at the Circuit de Spa - Francorchamps , Stavelot , Belgium .
St. Thomas ' Girls ' High School is a girls ' school in Sri Lanka located in The Matara District , Sri Lanka 's southern - most district .
Earl Haig Secondary School is a public high school with a student body of about 2,600 students in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Le Lioran is a small mountain resort in the heart of continental France .
Lusambo Airport ( IATA : LBO , ICAO : FZVI ) is an airport serving Lusambo , a town and territory in the Sankuru district of the Kasai - Oriental Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Pławty Wielkie ( ˈpwaftɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Plauth ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kisielice , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Larsmo ( Finnish : Luoto ) is a municipality of Finland , located in the Ostrobothnia region of the province of Western Finland .
Qeshlaq - e Talkhab ( Persian : قشلاق تلخاب‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Talkhāb ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Danish national road 15 ( Danish : Primærrute 15 ) is a road in Denmark , starting at Grenå and ending at Søndervig .
Kårstø Power Station is an unused natural gas - fired thermal power plant located at the Kårstø industrial site in the southwestern part of the municipality of Tysvær in Rogaland county , Norway .
The Balkan Wars Museum ( Greek : Μουσείο Βαλκανικών Πολέμων ) is a museum in Gefyra , Central Macedonia , Greece , dedicated to the Balkan Wars .
The University of Bohol ( U.B. ) is a private non - sectarian co - educational institution of higher learning in Tagbilaran City , Bohol , Philippines .
Bardshelandan ( Persian : بردشلاندان‎ , also Romanized as Bardshelāndān ; also known as Bardshelāldān ) is a village in Shalil Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Jimei University ( JMU ) ( 集美大学 , Pinyin : Jíměi Dàxué , POJ : Chi̍p - bí Tōa - o̍h ) , colloquially known as `` Jídà '' ( 集大 ) , is a public university located in Xiamen , Fujian , People 's Republic of China .
Tolox is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
The Noor Mosque ( Noor = Light ) in Frankfurt - Sachsenhausen is the third purpose - built mosque in Germany .
Hipolity ( xipɔˈlitɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
NetResult has been the name of several United Kingdom - based companies .
Muravanaya Ashmyanka ( Belarusian : Мураваная Ашмянка , Polish : Murowana Oszmianka ) is the village in the Hrodna Voblast of Belarus , located 11 km NW from Ashmyany and 28 km from railway station Ashmyany .
Mazraeh - ye Pahna ( Persian : مزرعه پهنا‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Pahnā ; also known as Pahnā ) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 42 , in 7 families .
Qureq ( Persian : قورق‎ , also Romanized as Qūreq and Qowreq ; also known as Kuhīk , Kurakh , Kūyek , Qoroq , Qowrekh , and Qūrakh ) is a village in Amirabad Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Karlstad ( ˈkɑːrlsta ) is a city , the seat of Karlstad Municipality , the capital of Värmland County , and the largest city in the province Värmland in Sweden .
Abia State University is one of the state owned universities in Nigeria .
The International Medical University ( IMU ) is a private , English language , health sciences university in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , and Malaysia 's leading private medical and healthcare university .
Czajków - Kolonia ( ˈt͡ʂai̯kuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
St. Patrick 's Catholic High School , normally called St. Pat 's , is a Catholic secondary school located in Sarnia , Ontario , Canada .
Chumikan ( Russian : Чумикан ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Tuguro - Chumikansky District of Khabarovsk Krai , Russia , located at the mouth of the Uda River .
Mefjordvær Chapel ( Norwegian : Mefjordvær kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Berg in Troms county , Norway .
The Theatre of Bretón de los Herreros ( Spanish : Teatro Bretón de los Herreros ) is a nineteenth - century theatre located in Logroño , Spain .
Trebanjski Vrh ( pronounced ( tɾɛˈbaːnski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Vrgada ( Croatian pronunciation : ( vř̩gaːda ) ) is an island off the coast of Croatia in the Adriatic Sea .
Paralio Astros ( Greek : Παράλιο Άστρος ) is a port serving the inland town of Astros , Arcadia , Greece .
Doljevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дољевац ) is a small town and municipality located in the Nišava District of Serbia .
Howick Intermediate is a co - educational intermediate school located on the corner of Botany Road and Pakuranga Highway , in Auckland , New Zealand .
The Twin Islets form a close pair of small , steep - sided , granite islands , with a combined area of 5.61 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Cionn Caslach or Ceann Caslach ( anglicised as Kincasslagh ) is a small Gaeltacht seaside village in the Rosses area of County Donegal , Ireland .
Blackrock College ( Irish : Coláiste na Carraige Duibhe ) is a fee - paying Catholic secondary school for boys aged 13 - -18 , located in Williamstown , Blackrock , County Dublin , Ireland .
Yal Dagarmani ( Persian : يل دگرماني‎ , also Romanized as Yal Dagarmānī ; also known as Takleh , Yal Dagīrmānī , and Yaldakarmānī ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Alberta Farmers ' Association ( AFA ) was a farmer 's association that was active in Alberta , Canada from 1905 to 1909 .
The Toruń Centre for Astronomy is an optical and radio observatory located at ( 53 ° 5′42.9``N 18 ° 33′45.9''E ) about 15 km north of Toruń , Poland .
Pirhadi ( Persian : پيرهادي‎ , also Romanized as Pīrhādī ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Central Signal Station ( Chinese : 中央號誌站 ; pinyin : Zhōngyāng Hàozhì Zhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) South - Link Line located in Shihzih Township , Pingtung County , Taiwan .
The Federation of Tax Advisers ( FTA ) is an established professional body concerned with UK taxation issues and is limited by guarantee in the United Kingdom ( UK ) .
The Killarney railway line was a branch railway in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia .
Tongoa Airport ( IATA : TGH , ICAO : NVST ) is an airport in serving the Tongoa island , located in the Shefa Province of Vanuatu .
Shpagiza league ( Pashto : شپږيزه سيالۍ‎ ) also written as Shpageeza ( means SIXES ) , which is a Twenty20 format cricket league where 5 different zone teams across Afghanistan participate for the title .
Langvassbukt Chapel ( Norwegian : Langvassbukt kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Kvæfjord in Troms county , Norway .
Lecco railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Lecco ) is the main station serving the town and comune of Lecco , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
Little Grand Rapids is a community in east central Manitoba , Canada , near the Ontario border .
Colbún Hydroelectric Plant is a hydroelectric power station in Maule Region , Chile .
Tunel i Parë ( in Albanian ) or Prvi Tunel ( in Serbian : Први Тунел ) is a settlement in the municipality of Mitrovica in the District of Mitrovica , Kosovo .
Piazzale Roma is a square in Venice , Italy , at the entrance of the city , at the end of the Ponte della Libertà .
The Alberta Central Railway Museum is a railway museum located south - east of the City of Wetaskiwin , in Central Alberta , Canada .
Dumanac ( Cyrillic : Думанац ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Culebrinas River ( Spanish : Río Culebrinas ; pron . koo - le - BREE - nahs ) , is a river in northwest Puerto Rico .
Sant Salvador de la Vedella is a Benedictine monastery Catalonia , Spain .
Vitebsk Voivodeship ( Belarusian : Віцебскае ваяводзтва , Polish : Województwo witebskie , Latin : Palatinatus Vitebsciensis ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania ( from 1569 Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth ) from the 15th century until the partitions of Poland in 1795 .
Middle Harbour Creek , a tributary of Middle Harbour , is a youthful tide dominated , drowned valley estuary north -- west of Sydney Harbour , located in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Shirleys Bay is a bay of the Ottawa River , about ten miles from Ottawa in Ontario , Canada .
Grenadian Trinbagonian people are citizen or resident of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago whose ethnic origins lie fully or partially in the Eastern Caribbean nation of Grenada .
Šahy ( until 1927 `` Ipolské Šiahy '' , Hungarian : Ipolyság , rarely German : Eipelschlag ) is a town in southern Slovakia , The town has an ethnic Hungarian majority and its population is 7,516 people ( 2014 ) , with an average age of 42.5 .
The Nahe mine is a large potash mine located in southern Laos in Khammouane Province .
Livadeia ( Λιβαδειά Livadiá , Greek pronunciation : ( livaˈðʝa ) ; Ancient Greek : Λεβαδεια , Lebadeia ) is a town in central Greece .
El Caminito del Rey ( English : The King 's little pathway ) is a walkway , pinned along the steep walls of a narrow gorge in El Chorro , near Ardales in the province of Málaga , Spain .
Kyakhulay ( Russian : Кяхула́й ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) under the administrative jurisdiction of Sovetsky City District of the City of Makhachkala in the Republic of Dagestan , Russia .
Shangrao County ( simplified Chinese : 上饶县 ; traditional Chinese : 上饒縣 ; pinyin : Shàngráo Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Deriner Dam ( Turkish : Deriner Barajı ) is a concrete double - curved arch dam on the Çoruh River 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) east of Artvin in Artvin Province , Turkey .
Saliena ( formerly Salonāja ) is the biggest village and the administrative centre of Saliena parish , Daugavpils District , Latvia .
Fars Gholan ( Persian : فارس غلان‎ , also Romanized as Fārs Gholān ; also known as Fārsī Gholām ) is a village in Kharaqan - e Sharqi Rural District , Abgarm District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The town and commune of Gandiaye in the Department of Kaolack , central Senegal , lies along National Route 1 about 24 kilometers from Kaolack .
Simon 's Town ( Afrikaans : Simonstad ) , sometimes spelled Simonstown , is a town near Cape Town , South Africa , which is home to the South African Navy .
The Jander or Jandar ( as it is called by the locals in Murree , Pakistan ) is a water driven mill that was commonly used in the mountain areas of the Murree Hills where water is abundant .
Sarkajeh ( Persian : سركاجه‎ , also Romanized as Sarkājeh ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Andrushivka ( Ukrainian : Андрушівка , Russian : Андрушевка ) is a city in Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine and the administrative center of Andrushivka Raion .
Salut ( Armenian : Սալուտ ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
The German Athletics Championships ( German : Deutsche Leichtathletik - Meisterschaften ) are the national championships in athletics of Germany , organised by the Deutscher Leichtathletik - Verband .
The Debel Gallery Archive was given to the Israel Museum in Jerusalem in January 2007 .
Fenoarivo Atsinanana ( French : Fénérive Est ) is a city ( commune urbaine ) in Madagascar .
Mount Batu is one of the highest of the Bale Mountains of Ethiopia , as well as of the Oromia Region .
The North Slob is an area of mud - flats at the estuary of the River Slaney at Wexford Harbour , Ireland .
Colombo South International College ( a.k.a . CSI College ) is a private international school located in Kalubowila , Western Province Sri Lanka The medium of instruction is English with students ranging from nursery to high school .
St. Anthony 's Peak is a peak on the island of Saint Kitts in Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Florida , Gauteng is a location in Gauteng province , South Africa .
Amagertorv ( English : Amager Square ) , today part of the Strøget pedestrian zone , is often described as the most central square in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Kephala is a hill landform in northern Crete , Greece .
Horagolla National Park is one of the latest national parks in Sri Lanka .
Varangerbotn ( Northern Sami : Vuonnabahta ) is the administrative centre of Nesseby Municipality , Finnmark county , Norway .
The Wadden Sea National Parks in Denmark , Germany and the Netherlands are located along the German Bight of the North Sea .
Tinggi Island , ( Malay : Pulau Tinggi ) is a large sparsely inhabited island , which rises 2000 ft ( 600 m ) above sea level off the east coast of Johor , Malaysia .
Rivesaltes ( Catalan : Ribesaltes , which means the high shores ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Malpaís de Güímar or Badlands of Guimar consist of a volcanic cone , subsidiary cones , and several basaltic lava flows in the Güímar municipality on the island of Tenerife , in the Canary Islands , ( Spain ) .
Christ Church College , Matale ( CCC ) ( Sinhala : ක්‍රිස්තුදේව විද්‍යාලය ) is a mixed government school located in Matale , Sri Lanka .
Mohammadabad - e Ayala ( Persian : محمداباداعلا‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Āyʿalā ; also known as Moḩammadābād and Moḩammadābād - e Pāzūkī ) is a village in Valiabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qarchak County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Tarumanagara University is a university in Jakarta , Indonesia and one of the oldest private universities in the country .
Spodnje Stranje ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈstɾaːnjɛ ) ; German : Unterstreine ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Münster Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in the city of Münster in Germany .
Figlów ( German : Folgenhäuser ) is a settlement in Gmina Bolków , Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Muysky District ( Russian : Муйский райо́н ; Buryat : Муяын аймаг ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - one in the Republic of Buryatia , Russia .
Skała ( ˈskawa ) is a town in southern Poland , situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Kraków Voivodeship ( 1975 - 1998 ) .
Makó ( ( ˈmɒkoː ) , German : Makowa , Yiddish : מאַקאָווע‎ Makowe , Romanian : Macǎu , Slovak : Makov ) is a town in Csongrád County , in southeastern Hungary , 10 km ( 6 mi ) from the Romanian border .
The Restricted Enforcement Unit ( REU ) is an expert - level committee set up in 1987 by the British government to control exports of military technology from the United Kingdom , in particular the illegal export or trade of conventional weaponry and weapons of mass destruction not licensed for export by the Department of Trade and Industry .
The Hubertus Spring ( German : Hubertusquelle ) is a `` healing spring '' ( Heilquelle ) in the Harz Mountains of central Germany whose waters contain radon .
Ørskog Church ( Norwegian : Ørskog kyrkje ) is a parish church in Ørskog Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Arkadiko Bridge or Kazarma Bridge is a Mycenaean bridge near the modern road from Tiryns to Epidauros on the Peloponnese , Greece .
Jorge Montt Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in the Aisén Region of Chile , south of the town of Caleta Tortel .
Her Majesty 's Naval Base , Portsmouth ( HMNB Portsmouth ) is one of three operating bases in the United Kingdom for the British Royal Navy ( the others being HMNB Clyde and HMNB Devonport ) .
Khomdan ( Persian : خمدان‎ , also Romanized as Khomdān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Reference Re Public Service Employee Relations Act ( Alta ) , ( 1987 ) 1 S.C.R. 313 is a leading opinion of the Supreme Court of Canada on right to freedom of association under section 2(d ) of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Pimampiro is the seat of Pimampiro Canton , Imbabura Province , Ecuador .
The Amendolea ( possibly Latin : Kaikinos ) is a river in the province of Reggio Calabria in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Södermanland , sometimes referred to under its Latin form Sudermannia or Sudermania , is a historical province or landskap on the south eastern coast of Sweden .
Mount Aspiring / Tititea is New Zealand 's highest mountain outside the Aoraki / Mount Cook region .
Jaldessa ( also transliterated Jeldessa , Gildessa ) is a village in eastern Ethiopia .
Xavier School ( XS ) ( simplified Chinese : 光启学校 ; traditional Chinese : 光啓學校 ; pinyin : Guāngqĭ Xúexìao ; Hokkien : Kông Khē Hák Hàu ) , is located at 64 Xavier Street , Greenhills , San Juan , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Ebrahimabad - e Olya ( Persian : ابراهيم آباد عليا‎ , also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Meyami Rural District , in the Central District of Meyami County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,022 , in 263 families .
Harapan Indah ( Indonesian : Kota Harapan Indah ) is a city in Bekasi Regency , West Java , Indonesia .
Warragul is a town in Victoria , Australia , 104 kilometres ( 65 mi ) east - southeast of Melbourne .
Lasnamäe Airfield ( Estonian : Lasnamäe lennuväli ) was an airfield in Tallinn , Estonia .
St. Mang 's Abbey , Füssen or Füssen Abbey ( German : Kloster Sankt Mang Füssen ) is a former Benedictine monastery in Füssen in Bavaria , Germany .
Żmijewo - Szawły ( ʐmiˈjɛvɔ ˈʂavwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rycica ( rɨˈt͡ɕit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Common Tunnel ( Norwegian : Fellestunnelen ) , sometimes called the Common Line ( Fellesstrekningen ) , is a 7.3-kilometer ( 4.5 mi ) long tunnel of the Oslo Metro which runs through the city center of Oslo , Norway .
Narsinghpur district ( also referred to Narsimhapur district ) is a district of Madhya Pradesh state in central India .
Adıyaman Airport ( IATA : ADF , ICAO : LTCP ) is an airport located at Adıyaman , Adıyaman Province , Turkey .
Shamsi Airfield , also known as Bhandari Airstrip , is an airfield situated about 200 miles ( 320 km ) southwest of Quetta and about 248 miles ( 400 km ) northwest of Gwadar in the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Sura Wiqu ( Aymara sura dry jiquima , a species of Pachyrhizus , wiqu a corner in a house , a mountain cove , `` jiquima cove '' , hispanicized spelling Soravico ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
The Church of Our Lady of Springs ( Portuguese : Igreja de Nossa Senhora das Brotas ) is located in the vicinity of the Fort Anjediva on the Anjadip Island , off the West Coast of India under the administrative control of Goa , India .
Givat Hen ( Hebrew : גִּבְעַת חֵ``ן , lit . HN Hill ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Batn - El - Hajar is a stony area south of the Second Cataract of the Nile River and Wadi Halfa - in present day Sudan .
Hathi Parbat , ( Hindi : हाथी पर्बत ) also known as Elephant Peak , is a mountain in the Garhwal Himalayas in India .
Lotoshino ( Russian : Лотошино ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Lotoshinsky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia .
The Waipawa River is a river of southern Hawke 's Bay , in New Zealand 's eastern North Island .
Bezanjerd - e Kordian ( Persian : بزنجردكرديان‎ , also Romanized as Bezanjerd - e Kordīān ; also known as Bezāngerd and Bezanjerd ) is a village in Bakharz Rural District , in the Central District of Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vatry Air Base ( IATA : XCR , ICAO : LFOK ) was a United States Air Force base in France .
Afyonkarahisar ( Turkish pronunciation : ( afjonkaɾahiˈsaɾ ) , Turkish : afyon `` poppy , opium '' , kara `` black '' , hisar `` fortress '' ) is a city in western Turkey , the capital of Afyon Province .
Qalamlu ( Persian : قلملو‎ , also Romanized as Qalamū ) is a village in Keyvan Rural District , in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ipeľské Predmostie ( Hungarian : Hidvég ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Udham Singh Nagar district ( Hindi : ऊधम सिंह नगर ज़िला ) is a district of Uttarakhand state in northern India .
Male Loče ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɛ ˈloːtʃɛ ) ; Italian : Loce Piccola ) is a small village northwest of Podgrad in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Nordreisa Church ( Norwegian : Nordreisa kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Nordreisa in Troms county , Norway .
Petroglyphs Provincial Park is a historical - class provincial park situated in Woodview , Ontario , Canada , northeast of Peterborough .
Inishtrahull Lighthouse is the northerly most lighthouse in Ireland located on the Inishtrahull Island off the coast of County Donegal .
Samborzec ( samˈbɔʐɛt͡s ) is a village in Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Olpoi Airport ( IATA : OLJ , ICAO : NVSZ ) , also known as North West Santo Airport , is an airport in Olpoi on Espiritu Santo , Vanuatu .
Ftelia ( Greek : Φτελιά ) is a beach on the island of Mykonos , Greece .
Isa Dar ( Persian : عيسي در‎ , also Romanized as `` Īsá Dar ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 64 , in 15 families .
Dubnička ( Hungarian : Bántölgyes ) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Metro Refinería ( Spanish : Estación Refinería ) is a station along Line 7 of the metro of Mexico City .
Jaroszewo Biskupie ( jarɔˈʂɛvɔ bisˈkupjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dmeide ( Hebrew : דמיידה‎ ) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel .
Piedra del Águila ( English : Stone of the Eagle ) is a second category Municipality and the capital city of Collón Curá Department , located in Neuquén Province , Argentina .
Ling Tung University ( LTU ; Chinese : 嶺東科技大學 ; 台語羅馬字 : ) is a private university in Nantun District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Łaznów ( ˈwaznuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Whiddy Island ( Irish : Oileán Faoide ) is an island near the head of Bantry Bay , Ireland .
Yoar ( Persian : يعار‎ , also Romanized as Yo``ār and Ya``ār ; also known as Ya``ād ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 123 , in 23 families .
Pirada is a Sector in the Gabú Region of Guinea - Bissau .
Saprae Creek is a hamlet in northern Alberta , Canada within the Regional Municipality ( R.M. ) of Wood Buffalo .
Sabu Raijua Regency is one of the regencies in the province of East Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia .
Chitreshwer is a village in Jharkhand , India .
Valiyavilapuram is a suburb in the Perumkadavila Block Panchayat , Aryancode panchayat of Thiruvananthapuram District in Kerala South India .
Jagannath University ( Bengali : জগন্নাথ বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় Jogonnath Bishobiddaloe ) is a government - financed public university in Sadarghat , Dhaka the capital of Bangladesh .
Caudan ( Kaodan in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Heisterbach Abbey ( Kloster Heisterbach ; also Petersthal , formerly Petersberg ) was a Cistercian monastery in the Siebengebirge near Oberdollendorf in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Sipoo ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈsipoː ) , Swedish : Sibbo ) is a municipality of Finland .
Durbat ( Persian : دوربَت ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
A surf break at Point Leo , on the Mornington Peninsula , one of the closest surf beaches to Melbourne in Victoria , Australia known as First Reef or more colloquially just `` The Reef '' .
Injibara ( እንጅባራ ) is a town in Ethiopia .
The Turkish Straits ( Turkish : Türk Boğazları ) are a series of internationally - significant waterways in northwest Turkey that connect the Aegean and Mediterranean seas to the Black Sea .
Błędów Nowy ( ˈbwɛnduf ˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Moldefjorden is a fjord in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Siena College of Taytay , formerly St. Catherine Academy , is a Kindergarten through post - secondary education institution located in Taytay , Rizal , Philippines .
The Tukipo River is a river of the southwest Hawke 's Bay region of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Makelaria Monastery ( Greek : Ιερά Μονή Κοιμήσεως Θεοτόκου Μακελαριάς ) is a 6th - century Eastern Orthodox monastery located in the Peloponnese , Greece .
Sea Otter Rocks ( Russian : Камни Бобровые , Kamni Bobrovyye ) are rock islets of the Commander Islands archipelago in the Bering Sea , Russia .
Chruślanki Mazanowskie ( xruˈɕlanki mazaˈnɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Novye Atagi ( Russian : Но́вые Атаги́ : Chechen : Керла-АтагIа ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Shalinsky District of the Chechen Republic , Russia , located 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) south of Grozny .
Sandalford Wines is a privately owned Australian winery business based at Caversham , in the Swan Valley , the focal point of the Swan District wine region of Western Australia .
Dresden Zoo , or Zoo Dresden , is a zoo situated in the city of Dresden in Germany .
The Karoo ( /kəˈruː/ kə - ROO ; from a Khoikhoi word , possibly garo `` desert '' ) is a semi - desert natural region of South Africa .
Al - Qisa ( Arabic : القيسا‎ , also spelled Qaysa ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located southeast of Damascus .
Spanair provided a scheduled passenger network within Spain and Europe , with an extension to West Africa .
Rensved is a village in Jämtland , Sweden , with three farms .
Jorbat ( Persian : جربت‎ , also Romanized as Jarbat , Jorbod , Jūrbud , and Zhūbāt ; also known as Zobāt ) is a village in Chahardeh Sankhvast Rural District , Jolgeh Sankhvast District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Jalua Volcano is a volcano located in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea .
Sigulda Medieval Castle ruins are located on the edge of the Gauja valley in Latvia .
Brody Castle ( Ukrainian : Бродівський замок , Brodivskyi zamok ) is a former fortress in the city of Brody , part of Lviv Oblast , Ukraine .
Dąb Polski ( ˈdɔmp ˈpɔlski ) ( German : Klein Dembe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Stilli is a former municipality of the canton of Aargau , Switzerland .
Fränkisches Theater Schloss Maßbach is a private theatre in Maßbach , Lower Franconia , Germany which is run as GmbH. Since 2003 Anne Maar , the grand - daughter of the founder couple , is the director .
Sbor ( Bulgarian : Сбор ) is a small village Pazardzhik Municipality , Pazardzhik Province , southern Bulgaria .
The Sidmouth Rock is a rock islet or small island , located in the Southern Ocean , off the southern coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Tora Bora ( Pashto : توره بوړه‎ , Black Cave ) , known locally as Spīn Ghar ( Pashto : سپین غر‎ , White Mountain ) , is a cave complex , part of the White Mountains ( Safēd Kōh ) of eastern Afghanistan .
The IJmeer is a bordering lake in the Netherlands .
The Sabah Development Corridor or SDC ( Malay : Koridor Pembangunan Sabah or Koridor Sabah ) is a new development corridor in Sabah , Malaysia .
Ndanga is a sub - district in Masvingo Province , Zimbabwe and is located 60 km south - east of Masvingo .
Congo Airways is the flag carrier of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The increase in spectator capacity came after CONMEBOL chose Peru to host the Copa América 2004 , prompting the Peruvian government to invest in a five - million dollar renovation program for its stadia , including the Estadio Garcilaso de la Vega .
CTV Northern Ontario , formerly known as MCTV , is a system of four television stations in Northern Ontario , Canada , owned and operated by the CTV Television Network , a division of Bell Media .
ASAHI Net is a major Internet service provider based in Japan and which is operated by Asahi Net , Inc. ( 株式会社朝日ネット Kabushiki Gaisha Asahi Net ) , a public company founded on April 2 , 1990 .
Mezitli River ( Liparis of the antiquity ) is a rivulet in Mersin Province , Turkey The river flows in the mid - southern portion of the Toros Mountains from north to south .
Sagaing ( Burmese : စစ်ကိုင်းမြို့ ; MLCTS : cac kuing : mrui . , pronounced : ( zəɡáiɴ mjo̰ ) ) is the capital of Sagaing Region ( formerly Sagaing Division ) in Myanmar .
Domosławice ( dɔmɔswaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czchów , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pir Wadhai , is a town in Rawalpindi District , Pakistan .
Kallax ( Finnish : Kalalaksi ) is a locality situated in Luleå Municipality , Norrbotten County , Sweden with 321 inhabitants in 2010 .
Terjit is an oasis ( in the proper sense : a well in a dry area ) , popular with Mauritania 's few tourists .
Sheikh Zayed Palace Museum ( aka the Al Ain Palace Museum ) is a museum in the city of Al Ain , within the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
The Château de Vayres is a medieval castle , located on the banks of the Dordogne River , located in the commune of Vayres , in the Gironde Department of France , near the city of Bordeaux .
Wycinki Małe ( vɨˈt͡ɕinki ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lubino ( luˈbinɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kotelnicheskaya Embankment ( Russian : Котельническая набережная ) is a street on the northern bank of Moskva River in central Tagansky District of Moscow , Russia .
Vlieland ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈvlilɑnt ) ; West Frisian : Flylân ) is a municipality and island in the northern Netherlands .
Brehov ( Hungarian : Imreg ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Brændstrup ( Braendstrup ) is a small village in Southern Jutland , Denmark .
Cerro Kamuk is a mountain in the core of the foothills and mountains of La Amistad International Park , in the Cordillera de Talamanca , between the mountain ranges of northern Panama and southeastern Costa Rica .
Veľké Slemence ( Hungarian : Nagyszelmenc ) is a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Košice Region of easteastern Slovakia .
Clarence - Rockland is a city in Eastern Ontario , Canada , in the United Counties of Prescott and Russell on the Ottawa River .
Kalateh - ye Sadu ( Persian : كلاته سادو‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Şādū , Kalāteh - ye Sādū , and Kalāteh - ye Sādow ) is a village in Radkan Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Montefiascone is a town and comune of the province of Viterbo , in Lazio , central Italy .
The Kenana River is a river of the North Auckland Peninsula , in New Zealand 's North Island .
Khvormuj Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خورموج‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Arzachena ( Gallurese : Alzachèna , Sardinian : Altzaghèna ) is a town and comune in the province of Olbia - Tempio , northern Sardinia , Italy .
Tregonning Hill is the westerly of two granite hills overlooking Mount 's Bay in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , the other being Godolphin Hill .
The San Ignacio Province is one of thirteen provinces located in the Cajamarca Region of Peru .
Kadakalaid ( Swedish : Oxholm ) is a small island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia .
The Yukon School of Visual Arts ( SOVA ) is Canada 's most northerly post - secondary fine arts school , and it receives its accreditation through the Applied Arts Division of Yukon College .
Kentucky In Africa was a colony settled by freed African - American slaves in present - day Montserrado County , Liberia .
The Gălăuțaș River ( Hungarian : Galócás - patak ) is a small river in the Gurghiu Mountains , Harghita County , central Romania .
Taylor Inlet is an inlet located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia .
Eureka Sound is a high Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada .
Bjurholm is a locality and seat of Bjurholm Municipality in Västerbotten County Sweden with 968 inhabitants in 2010 .
El Azuzul is an Olmec archaeological site in Veracruz , Mexico , a few kilometers south of the San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán complex and generally considered contemporary with it ( perhaps 1100 to 800 BCE ) .
Ulytau District ( Kazakh : Ұлытау ауданы ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan .
Rautavaara Airfield ( ICAO : EFRA ) ( Finnish : Rautavaaran lentokenttä or Rautavaaran ilmailukeskus ) is an airfield in Rautavaara , Finland , about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Rautavaara municipal centre .
Dolenje Kališče ( in older sources also Dolenje Kališe , German : Unterkalische ) is a small abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in Slovenia .
The Prosperity for Posterity Party ( PPP ) was a short - lived political party in Manitoba , Canada .
Spilje Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Macedonia that has three turbines with a nominal capacity of 23 MW each having a total capacity of 69 MW .
The Athens Metro ( Greek : Μετρό Αθήνας , Metró Athínas ) is a rapid - transit system in Greece which serves the Athens conurbation and parts of East Attica .
San Martín Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto San Martín , IATA : STI , ICAO : SAMI ) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) west - northwest of San Martín , Mendoza , Argentina .
Rivero Island ( Spanish Isla Rivero ) is an island in the Chonos Archipelago of Chile .
Kusehvand ( Persian : كوسه وند‎ , also Romanized as Kūsehvand ; also known as Kūsevand ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Dhaulagiri massif in Nepal extends 120 km ( 70 mi ) from the Kaligandaki River west to the Bheri .
Heywood Park is a public park in the suburb of Unley Park in Adelaide , South Australia .
Zamayen ( Persian : زماين‎ , also Romanized as Zamāyen ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Moreshet ( Hebrew : מוֹרֶשֶׁת , lit . Heritage ) is a national - religious communal settlement in northern Israel .
The Bakhawan Eco - Park is a 220-hectare mangrove forest located in Kalibo , Aklan , Philippines .
Sildpollnes Church ( Norwegian : Sildpollnes kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county , Norway .
Plöcken Pass ( German : Plöckenpass , Italian : Passo di Monte Croce Carnico ) is a high mountain pass in the Carnic Alps mountain range at the border between the Austrian state of Carinthia and the Friuli - Venezia Giulia region of Italy .
Steven 's Falls is an 8 metre complex classic cascade waterfall found in Dundas , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Kabimoi is a settlement in Kenya 's Baringo County in Eldama Ravine Sub - County .
Palazzo Capponi alle Rovinate is a late - Gothic and early Renaissance - style residential palace located on Via de ' Bardi in Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Belgrade ( /ˈbɛlɡreɪd/ ; Serbian : Beograd / Београд ; ( beǒɡrad ) ; names in other languages ) is the capital and largest city of Serbia .
Nokombokan ( Persian : نكمبكان‎ , also Romanized as Nokombokān ) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Myśliszewice ( mɨɕliʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia - Letnisko , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Commune of Kayanza is a commune of Kayanza Province in northern Burundi .
The Centre for Process Innovation ( CPI ) is a science and technology innovation centre based in Wilton , Cleveland , United Kingdom .
Kfar HaNagid ( Hebrew : כְּפַר הַנָּגִיד , lit . Village of the Prince ) , is a moshav in central Israel .
Wyry ( ˈvɨrɨ ) ( German : Wyrow ) is a village in Mikołów County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Poshal ( Persian : پشل‎ , also Romanized as Pashal ; also known as Pūshāl , Pūshal , and Veshāl ) is a village in Dehshal Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Seh Qanat ( Persian : مزرعه سه قنات‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Seh Qanāt ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 117 , in 31 families .
Chircal is a small rural town in Paraguay , located 7k south of Escobar town in the Escobar District .
Ojakkala is small village in the Vihti municipality , 45 kilometers from Helsinki , Finland .
The Government Car and Despatch Agency ( GCDA ) was an executive agency of the Department for Transport , responsible for providing logistics services to the United Kingdom government and wider public sector .
The Liard Country , sometimes known simply as `` the Liard '' , is the usual name for a region of far northern British Columbia , Canada , generally describing the immediate environs of the Liard River along the Alaska Highway , and west of the line of the Rockies .
Hilton Frankfurt Airport is a four - star hotel , located in the groundscraper The Squaire in Frankfurt , Germany .
The Palazzo Carafa della Spina is a historic palace located on Via Benedetto Croce number 45 , ( part of Via Spaccanapoli ) in the quartiere San Giuseppe of Naples , Italy .
Arimaddana Pura ( Burmese : အရိမဒ္ဒနာပူရ , pronounced : ( ʔəɹḭ maʔdənà pùɹa̰ ) ) is a classical name of the city of Bagan ( Pagan ) , Myanmar .
Naforija is a small community in the Epe local government area of Lagos State , Nigeria .
The Wall of Love ( French : Le mur des je t'aime , lit . the I Love You Wall ) is a love - themed 40 square metres ( 430 sq ft ) wall in the Jehan Rictus garden square in Montmartre , Paris , France .
Chiprovtsi Monastery ( Bulgarian : Чипровски манастир , Chiprovski manastir ) is a Bulgarian Orthodox monastery 5 kilometres northeast of the town of Chiprovtsi in Montana Province in northwestern Bulgaria .
Ulania ( Bengali : উলানিয়া ) is an Union of Mehendiganj Upazila in the District and Division of Barisal , Bangladesh .
Cerro Colorados is a mountain in the Andes about 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) north of Santiago in Chile .
Joseph Abiodun Adetiloye ( Odo - Owa , Ekiti State , 25 December 1929 - Odo - Owa , Ekiti State , 14 December 2012 ) was the former Primate of the Church of Nigeria .
In 2001 , Georgi Cherkelov was decorated with the highest government prize , the Order Of the Balkan Mountains , awarded to Bulgarian citizens with particularly great merit to Bulgaria .
Irene Bridger is a gospel musician from Twillingate , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Johanne Blouin ( born September 19 , 1955 in Saint - Hyacinthe , Quebec , Canada ) , is a Canadian singer - songwriter .
Vince Aso ( born Vincent Tavae - Aso ; January 5 , 1995 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a midfielder or winger for Auckland in the ITM Cup and the Hurricanes in Super Rugby .
Christian Prudhomme ( born 11 November 1960 in Paris ) is a French journalist and general director of the Tour de France since 2007 .
Ivan Puni was born in Kuokkala ( then Grand Duchy of Finland in the Russian Empire , now Repino in Russia ) to a family of Italian origins .
Bridget Walters is an Australian actress and veteran member of the State Theatre Company of South Australia where she has performed in productions of Macbeth , Noises Off , Uncle Vanya and The Cripple of Inishmaan .
Lauri Tuohimaa ( born 25.01.1979 ) is a musician from Oulu , Finland .
Piotr Fergusson Tepper of Warsaw was the wealthiest banker in the second half of 18th century Poland .
Jan Cornelis Hofman , alias Jean Hofman , is a Dutch Post - Impressionnist Art Painter , born on April 12 , 1889 in Nieuwer - Amstel ( the Netherlands ) , died April 30 , 1966 in Schaerbeek - Brussels ( Belgium ) .
Melitón Pérez del Camino was born in Castro Urdiales , in Cantabria , Spain on March 10 , 1772.He was the son of Joseph Antonio Pérez del Camino Peñarredonda and Cathalina Elena de Llarena y De la Quadra .
In 1941 Tor Skjønsberg called for a meeting `` Grimelundsmøtet '' which is considered the start of organized resistance in Norway .
Boris Derichebourg ( born 16 March 1978 in Enghien - les - Bains ) is a retired professional race car driver from France .
William Hart - Smith ( 23 November 1911 -- 15 April 1990 ) was a New Zealand / Australian poet who was born in Tunbridge Wells , Kent , England .
Shabtai Kalmanovich ( Hebrew : שבתאי קלמנוביץ'‎ , Lithuanian : Šabtajus Kalmanovičius , Russian : Шабтай Генрихович Калманович ; 18 December 1947 -- November 2 , 2009 ) , alternatively spelled Shabtai Kalmanovic , was a KGB spy , who later became known in Russia as a successful businessman , concert promoter and basketball sponsor .
Christie Mjolsness ( born June 29 , 1955 ) is a former provincial level politician and athlete from Alberta , Canada .
Maritza Arango Buitrago ( born 19 March 1978 ) is a middle - distance para - sport athlete from Colombia who competes mainly in middle - distance events in the T11 category .
Július Torma ( March 7 , 1922 , Budapest -- October 23 , 1991 ) was an ethnic Hungarian boxer competing for Czechoslovakia .
Geraldine Namirembe Bitamazire is a Ugandan academic and politician and the chancellor of the Uganda Management Institute .
Dr. Zeynel Abidin Erdem ( February 15 , 1944 , Mardin ) is a Turkish business tycoon and the honorary consul of the Kingdom of Spain to the Marmara Region of Turkey and the honorary consul of the Republic of Sudan to the Republic of Turkey .
Vitold Rek ( * October 18 , 1955 in Rzeszów , Poland as Witold E. Szczurek ) is a double bassist , composer and educator .
Mary Schryer was a Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) in New Brunswick , Canada , representing the constituency of Quispamsis .
Jakob Ullmann ( born 12 July 1958 in Freiberg , Germany ) is a German composer and university professor .
Sylvain Kastendeuch ( born August 31 , 1963 in Hayange , Moselle ) is a former French football player , who played for the France national team 9 times .
Bhavna Chikhalia ( Gujarati : ભાવના ચીખલિયા ‎ ; 14 February 1955 -- 28 June 2013 ) was a former Minister of State of Parliamentary Affairs and of Tourism and Culture in Government of India from 2003 to 2004 .
Ely Guerra ( born Elizabeth Guerra Vázquez , February 13 , 1972 ) is a Mexican singer - songwriter who was raised in Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , Mexico .
Frank Opperman ( born 8 June 1960 , Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a South African actor and musician .
Julius Ossian Schauman ( 30 March 1862 -- 6 February 1922 ) was one of the founders of the Swedish - speaking non - governmental organization Folkhälsan , which provides social welfare and health care services in Finland .
Leopold Drucker ( 22 February 1903 in Vienna , Austria - Hungary - 25 February 1988 in New York , United States ) was an Austrian international footballer and coach .
Randy Pradeep Hewage ( born December 7 , 1978 in Colombo , Sri Lanka ) is a cricketer who was part of the Sri Lankan squad in the 1998 Commonwealth Games .
Antonio Thrasybule Kébreau ( 1909 - -1963 ) was Chairman of the Military Council and President of the Republic of Haiti from 14 June -- 22 October 1957 .
Rudolf Rahn ( 16 March 1900 -- 7 January 1975 ) was a German diplomat who served the Weimar Republic and Nazi Germany .
Michio Kushi ( 久司 道夫 Kushi Michio ; born May 17 , 1926 in Japan , died December 28 , 2014 , of pancreatic cancer ) helped to introduce modern macrobiotics to the United States in the early 1950s .
Dionisio Meade y Garcia de Leon is a former member of the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico and current president of the UNAM Foundation ( FUNAM ) .
Chris Oyakhilome ( known popularly as `` Pastor Chris '' ) is a Nigerian minister who is the founding president of Believers ' Loveworld Incorporated , also known as `` Christ Embassy '' , a Bible - based Christian ministry headquartered in Lagos , Nigeria .
Pat McCutcheon ( born 24 June 1987 ) is an Australia professional rugby union footballer .
Max Emil Fredrik Lööf ( born 13 December 1969 in Kristinehamn , Sweden ) is a Swedish professional sailor who has participated in six Summer Olympics , winning one gold and two bronze medals .
Carl Victor Heljestrand was a Swedish industrialist who lived and worked in Eskilstuna , Sweden for most of his life .
Michael Araujo is a retired South African soccer player who played professionally in South Africa , the United States , Canada and Ireland .
Kathy Leander is a singer from the Canton of Jura , Switzerland .
Kostas Linoxilakis ( Greek : Κώστας Λινοξυλάκης , 5 March 1933 - 3 December 2014 ) was a former Greece international and Olympic footballer .
Ragnvald Knaphövde was a King of Sweden whose reign is estimated to have occurred in the mid-1120s or c. 1130 .
Born in Imperial Russia to a family of Jewish heritage , Ossip Bernstein grew up in pre - revolutionary Russia .
Edward McGlashan ( 12 December 1817 -- 31 July 1889 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament in Dunedin , Otago , New Zealand .
Ahmat Taboye is a literary critic from Chad .
DJ of the group `` Haiti Rap ' N Ragga '' , Master Dji was the founder of Creole hip - hop .
Colleen Higgs ( born 1962 , Kimberley , South Africa ) is a South African writer and publisher .
Liliam Cuenca ( born Liliam Cuenca González on 25 June 1944 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban artist .
Patrick Jordan - Patrikios ( born 1987 in Wales , United Kingdom ) , is a British Record Producer , songwriter and multi - instrumentalist musician .
Giancarlo Peris ( born 4 November 1941 ) , an Italian track athlete of Greek descent , was the final bearer of the Olympic torch for the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome , Italy .
Nataraja Ramakrishna ( 31 March 1923 -- 7 June 2011 ) was a dance guru from Telangana , India .
Robert Kennedy Lewis is a St Lucian Politician representing the Saint Lucia Labour Party .
Odd Nordstoga ( born 10 December 1972 ) is a musician , actor and editor from Vinje in Telemark , Norway .
Prince Norodom Norindeth ( 1906?--1975 ) was a member of the royal family of Cambodia .
Jean Leguay ( 29 November 1909 -- 5 July 1989 ) was second in command in the French National Police during the Nazi Occupation of France .
Steponas Darius ( known as Stephen Darius in the USA ; born Steponas Darašius ; January 8 , 1896 in Rubliiškė , now Klaipėda district of Lithuania -- July 17 , 1933 near Soldin , Germany ) was a Lithuanian American pilot .
Bruno Cocset ( born in 1963 in France ) is one of the most influential baroque cello players of today .
Adebiyi Adegboye Adesida Afunbiowo II ( 1950 - 2013 ) was chosen as the traditional ruler , or Deji , of the Akure Kingdom , based in the city of Akure in Ondo State , Nigeria on 13 August 2010 .
Deniz Gezmiş ( 28 February 1947 -- 6 May 1972 ) was a Turkish Marxist - Leninist revolutionary , student leader , and political activist in Turkey in the late 1960s .
Ioannis Chadjivasilis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Χατζηβασίλης ; born April 26 , 1990 in Paphos , Cyprus ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Ethnikos Achna .
Dr. Joseph Brittan ( 12 January 1805 -- 27 October 1867 ) , a surgeon , newspaper editor , and provincial councillor , was one of the dominant figures in early Christchurch , New Zealand .
Dirk Jan Struik was born in 1894 in Rotterdam , Netherlands , as a teacher 's son , Struik attended the Hogere Burgerschool ( HBS ) in The Hague .
Madelon Hooykaas grew up in Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Jyrki Seppä ( born 14 November 1961 in Tampere , Finland ) was a professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League .
K. V. Surendranath ( died 9 September 2005 ) was a former MP of India Thiruvananthapuram .
Robert Wiebking was born in Schwelm , Germany in 1870 , he emigrated to Chicago in 1881 where his father worked as an engraver for many companies , including the Marder , Luse , & Co. type foundry .
Hussein Refki Pasha Ahmed Hafez Mohammed Hafez ( Arabic : حسين رفقي باشا ‎ ; 1876 - -1950 ) was an Egyptian military general and politician who served as Egypt 's 25th Minister of War and Marine .
Wiremu Kingi Moki Te Matakatea ( ? --1893 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal warrior and leader .
Ahmad Aminuddin Shaharudin ( born 21 March 1990 in Selangor ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for DRB - Hicom F.C. in the 2014 Malaysia FAM League .
Sujal Shrestha ( Nepali : सुजल श्रेष्ठ ) ( born 4 February 1993 in Kathmandu , Nepal ) is Nepali footballer .
Lin Zhao ( Chinese : 林昭 ; December 16 , 1932 -- April 29 , 1968 ) , born Peng Lingzhao ( 彭令昭 ) , was a prominent dissident who was imprisoned and later executed by the People 's Republic of China during the Cultural Revolution for her criticism of Mao Zedong 's policies .
August Mälk was born on 4 October ( O.S. 21 September ) 1900 , in Lümanda Parish in the village of Koovi ( then named Kipi - Koovi ) , located on the west coast of the island of Saaremaa , in modern - day Estonia ( then part of the Governorate of Livonia in the Russian Empire ) .
Cathrine Zaborowski ( born 3 August 1971 ) is a former Norwegian football player who played for the Norway women 's national football team .
Lieutenant Colonel Phayom Chulanont ( Thai : พ.ท.พโยม จุลานนท์ ) was a Thai military officer , politician , leader of the Communist Party of Thailand , and father of former Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont .
Paul Zanetti ( born 8 September 1961 in Wollongong ) is a political cartoonist based in Australia .
Mehrangiz Kar ( b. 1944 ; Ahvaz , Iran ) ( Persian : مهرانگیز کار‎ ) is a prominent Iranian lawyer , human rights activist and author of the book Crossing the Red Line , as well as many articles .
Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan ( born 31 July 1954 ) is a Pakistani conservative veteran politician and parliamentarian who serves as the Interior Minister of Pakistan , and has previously served as 8th Leader of the Opposition in the National Assembly between 17 September 2008 till 7 June 2013 .
Huh Young - man was born Heo Hyeong - man in present - day Yeosu , a far southern coastal city of South Jeolla Province , South Korea in 1947 .
David Brandes ( born December 9 , 1968 in Basel , Switzerland as David Brändle ) is a Swiss - born German songwriter and producer .
Joseph Hartman ( January 16 , 1821 -- November 29 , 1859 ) was a farmer , teacher and political figure in Canada West .
Kaj Christiansen scored six goals in five matches for the Denmark national football team between 1943 and 1948 .
Albert Tiu ( born 1969 ) is a Filipino classical pianist from the province of Cebu in the Philippines .
Anuj Gurwara is a Filmfare Award winning playback singer , master of ceremonies , actor , voice artist , radio jockey and television show host , from India .
Manfred Niekisch ( * 14 July 1951 in Nuremberg , Germany ) is a German biologist , expert in international nature conservation , director of Frankfurt Zoo , and president of the Society for Tropical Ecology .
Mai Phương Thúy ( chữ Hán : 梅芳翠 ; August 6 , 1988 ) is a Vietnamese actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned the 10th Miss Vietnam at the Vinpearl Resort in Nha Trang , Vietnam on August 26 , 2006 .
Sheikh Mustafa ( 1836 -- 25 July 1888 ) , known as Sheikh Mustafa Waliullah , was an Islamic scholar from Sri Lanka .
Dayanand Shetty was born on 11 December 1969,in a Tulu speaking Bunt family in Katapadi village of Udupi district of Karnataka State in India to Chandra Prakash Shetty and Uma Shetty . He has two sisters ( Naina and Sandhya ) .
Anthony Nwaigwe is a former professional footballer from Nigeria who played as striker .
Pedro Ramos Guerra ( born April 28 , 1935 , in Pinar del Río , Cuba ) is a retired Major League pitcher with a 15-year career from 1955 to 1967 , and again from 1969 to 1970 .
A member of the Zand Dynasty of Iran , Zaki Khan , though he never became Shah of the Persian Empire , managed to exert power over the Empire during the three months between the death of his half - brother Karim Khan , on March 2 , 1779 , and his own brutal death .
Toward the anti - US poetry of South Vietnam , Thanh Hải is one of the writer who have many contributions ...
Mehdi Mohaghegh , sometimes alternately transliterated Mahdi Muhaqqiq , ( born 1930 , Mashad , Iran ) is an Iranian scholar specializing in Persian literature , Islamic studies and philosophy .
Annelies Törös ( born March 6 , 1995 ) is a Belgian - Hungarian actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Belgium in 2015 .
Gustavo Semino ( born July 7 1977 ) is an Argentine footballer playing for Crucero del Norte in the Torneo Argentino A in Argentina .
David Cadieux ( born November 25 , 1974 in Saint - Jean - sur - Richelieu , Quebec ) is a professional boxer from Canada , who competed in the heavyweight division .
Yohansson Nascimento ( born 25/09/1987 ) is an athlete and Paralympian from Brazil competing mainly in T45/46 sprint events .
Héctor Faubel Rojí ( born 10 August 1983 , in Llíria , Valencia , Spain ) is a former professional motorcycle road racer .
Daniel Mattes ( born November 14 , 1972 ) who is called the `` Bill Gates of the Alps '' in some parts , is a serial Internet entrepreneur and business angel living in Silicon Valley , USA and Austria , Europe .
From 1987 to 1997 , Charles - Albert Poissant is President and CEO at Donohue Inc. In 1999 , he becomes Chairman of the Board for Quebecor Inc. Monsieur Poissant is the first francophone President and Chief Executive Producer of a newsprint producer in Canada .
Liberto dos Santos gained 5 caps for Portugal and made his debut 24 January 1926 in Porto , in a 1 - 1 draw with Czechoslovakia .
Eddie Razaz ( in Persian ادى رزاز ) ( full name Ardalan Razaz Rahmati , in Persian اردلان رزاز رحمتى ) born on 21 December 1988 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish singer of Persian origin .
Efetobor Wesley Apochi ( born 2 November 1987 in Orogun , Delta State , Nigeria ) is the captain of the Nigerian boxing team and has represented Nigeria in several international tournaments as a heavyweight .
Daishōhō Masami ( 7 May 1967 -- 4 December 1999 ) was a sumo wrestler from Hokkaidō , Japan .
Cristóvão Tezza was born in Lages , Santa Catarina , Brazil in 1952 , but moved to Curitiba in Paraná by the time he was ten .
Lucien Savron was a theatre and film director who made a name for himself in Australia for his imaginative productions .
Julio Leonardo Peralta Martínez ( born 9 September 1981 , in Santiago , Chile ) and known professionally as Julio Peralta , is a Chilean professional tennis player .
Danilo Parra ( born in Ecuador , May 14 ) is an Ecuadorian singer with Colombian , Italian and Spanish roots .
Ana Carolina Sousa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈɐ̃nɐ karoˈlinɐ ) , born September 9 , 1974 in Juiz de Fora , Minas Gerais , Brazil ) is a Brazilian singer , composer , and musician .
Salihu Modibbo Alfa Belgore , CON , ( ( Orders , decorations , and medals of Nigeria ) ) ( born January 17 , 1937 ) is a Nigerian Jurist and former Chief Justice of Nigeria .
Hayrettin Erkmen was a Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Turkey .
John Mwirichia began involvement in politics in 1992 during the struggle of multiparty democracy in Kenya and was in the forefront of the then Ford party to ensure that Kenya did not remain a one - party state .
William John Warburton Hamilton ( April 1825 -- 6 December 1883 ) , who generally signed as J. W. Hamilton , was an administrator , explorer , and politician in New Zealand .
Gottfried Heinrich Gloger ( 1710 - -1779 ) was born in Hannover , Germany , and received his first organ - building training under his father , Johann Heinrich Gloger .
Einar Thor grew up on a farm in northwest Iceland , and in his early years became also a part times sailor in the nearby village , Flateyri , where he was also born .
Reinhold von Hoven came to Trondelag , Norway in 1649 where he became chief of the Snåsenske Ski Battalion .
William Cusano ( born October 19 , 1943-November 14 , 2012 ) was an Italian - born former politician in Quebec , Canada .
Miguel Manrique , or Amberes , or El Flamengo ( 1604 -- 1647 ) , was a Baroque painter from the Southern Netherlands active in Spain .
Christof Marselis was born in Poland some time in the 1670s .
Essy Persson ( born Essy Ingeborg Vilhelmina Persson , 15 June 1941 in Gothenburg ( Sweden ) ) is a Swedish film actress most noted for her roles in sexploitation films .
Robin Bengtsson ( born 27 April 1990 in Svenljunga , Sweden ) is a Swedish singer who took part in Swedish Idol 2008 finishing third behind winner Kevin Borg and runner - up Alice Svensson .
Eunice Odio ( pseudonym , Catalina Mariel ; San José , Costa Rica , October 18 , 1919 -- Mexico City , Mexico , March 23 , 1974 ) was a notable Latin American poet .
Bhartrdaman was a Saka ruler of the Western Kshatrapas in northwestern India from around 278 to 295 .
Ngeno Nakamhela ( born 24 April 1945 in Omondudu , Ohangwena Region ) is a Namibian priest in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia .
Davy Bonilla ( born September 29 , 1973 ) is a horse racing jockey based in France .
Nacer Mohamed Medjoudj ( born July 8 , 1977 in Constantine , Algeria ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for HJK Helsinki in the Veikkausliiga .
Katrina Fong Lim ( born 1961 ) is the Lord Mayor of the city of Darwin , Northern Territory , Australia .
Zdravko Zovko ( born 28 May 1955 in Kolibe Gornje , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a former Croatian handball player who is currently assistant coach of Croatia men 's national handball team .
Dr. Khwairakpam Loken Singh is a politician from Manipur , India .
Dioncounda Traoré ( born 23 February 1942 ) is a Malian politician who was President of Mali in an interim capacity from April 2012 to September 2013 .
Lungelo Nzama ( aka Trusenz ) born 1980 , is a Hip Hop artist from Durban , South Africa .
Fred Botica ( born 20 March 1947 ) was a radio announcer in Perth , Australia on Mix 94.5 .
Threes Anna ( pseudonym of Threes Schreurs , born in Vlaardingen , The Netherlands , 1959 ) is a novelist , theatre and film maker .
Jean Engone ( born 1932 ) was the foreign minister of Gabon for 1965 to 1967 .
The daughter of Charles Louis Fouché , 4th Duke of Otranto ( a descendant of Napoleonic statesman Joseph Fouché ) and his first wife , Countess Hedvig Ingeborg Madeleine Douglas ( a descendant of Louis I , Grand Duke of Baden ) , she was born Margareta Fouché d'Otrante in Elghammar , Sweden .
Vasile Alexandru ( born 18 July 1935 ) is a Romanian footballer who played for Romania in the 1960 European Nations ' Cup .
Joseph Ngorialuk is a paralympic athlete from Kenya competing mainly in category T13 distance events .
Olga Sinclair ( born 1957 in Panama City ) is an artist and figurative painter .
Melissa Moon ( born 16 September 1969 ) is a long - distance runner from Wellington , New Zealand .
Mana Hira Davis is a New Zealand stuntman , known best for his stunt work in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy .
Born Milton Nathaniel Barnes in Monrovia , Liberia .
Henry Zoe is a politician and convicted criminal from Northwest Territories , Canada .
Marco Antônio Lemos Tozzi ( 7 November 1973 -- 27 December 2011 ) , commonly known as Catê , was a Brazilian footballer who played for clubs of Brazil , Chile , Italy , the United States and Venezuela .
Altamas Kabir ( born 19 July 1948 , Kolkata ) was the 39th Chief Justice of India .
Amritlal Hargovinddas ( 29 August 1889 -- 12 December 1964 ) was a noted industrialist , textile mill owner and philanthropist from Ahmedabad , India .
Paulo Flores ( born 1972 ) is a musician from Angola .
Yahaya Maikori is an entertainment lawyer in Nigeria and founder of law firm Law Allianz and record label Chocolate City .
Laurel Anne Clyde ( 1946 - -2005 ) was an Australian educator , teacher - librarian , author and academic who taught in colleges and universities in Australia and Canada , as well as in Iceland .
Kristian Blak ( born 31 March 1947 ) , originally from Fredericia , Denmark , lives in the Faroe Islands where he is a composer , musician , and record executive .
Darko Lazić ( Serbian : Дарко Лазић ) ( born October 13 , 1991 ) is a popular Serbian singer born in Brestač ( Pećinci municipality ) a town in Serbia .
Jagat Prakasha Malla ( Nepali : जगत प्रकाश मल्ल ) or Jagat Prakash Mallaw was a Malla Dynasty King of Bhaktapur , Nepal from 1644 to 1673 .
Redha Malek ( Arabic : رضا مالك‎ ) ( born December 21 , 1931 in Batna ) was Prime Minister of Algeria from August 21 , 1993 to April 1994 .
Stefan Glowacz ( born March 22 , 1965 in Bavaria , Germany ) is a professional rock climber and adventurer .
Mohammad Mansouri Fahim ( Persian : محمد منصوری فهیم‎ , born 26 October 1983 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for Padideh Shandiz in Azadegan League on loan from Zob Ahan .
Roberta Miranda , artistic name of Maria Albuquerque Miranda , from João Pessoa , Paraiba , Brazil is a Brazilian singer .
David Gald ( born 10 July 1968 in Stryn , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( tuba ) , known for collaborations with such musicians as Bjørn Alterhaug , Arve Henriksen and Trygve Seim and on a series of album releases .
Petra Bagust is a New Zealand television presenter , perhaps best known for her role as co - presenter of TVNZ 's morning show Breakfast .
Franca Maï was born Françoise Baud in 1959 in Paris , France and was the eldest of four children , having two younger sisters and a brother .
Jorge Isaac ( born 1974 , Caracas , Venezuela ) completed his professional training under with Walter van Hauwe at the Conservatorium van Amsterdam in 2000 .
Makeda Silvera ( born 1955 in Kingston , Jamaica ) is a Caribbean Canadian novelist and short story writer .
Hopeful Gibbons ( 4 October 1856 -- 25 June 1947 ) , known as Hope Gibbons , was a New Zealand businessman , philanthropist and local politician .
Pedro de Oña ( 1570 - -1643 ) is considered the first known poet born in Chile , and is best remembered for his verse epic poem Primera parte de Arauco domado ( `` First Part of the Araucan Conquest '' ) .
Derek Arnold ( born 10 January 1941 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who played for the All Blacks .
Born in Tarnowskie Gory in Upper Silesia , Martin Max started to play football in the youth of Rodło Górniki Bytom and in 1982 he emigrated with his parents as ethnic Germans ( Aussiedler ) from Poland and went to Germany , where the family settled in Recklinghausen in the Ruhr region ( Ruhrgebiet ) .
Carolina Mauri ( born November 13 , 1969 ) is a freestyle swimmer from Costa Rica , who won a total number of three medals ( one silver and two bronze ) with the women 's relay team at the 1987 Pan American Games .
Nikki Osborne ( born 19 July 1981 in Redcliffe , Queensland , Australia ) is an Australian actress , former model and television presenter .
Jérôme Foulon ( born February 6 , 1971 in Raillencourt - Sainte - Olle , France ) is a former professional footballer , who last played for Championnat de France amateur 2 side AC Cambrai .
Aji Santoso ( born 6 April 1970 in Malang , East Java , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian former footballer and currently a coach .
Liv Hansen ( born 25 October 1983 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a Danish actress and photographer .
Abraham Dumisani Maraire ( 27 December 1944 -- 25 November 1999 ) , known to friends as `` Dumi '' , was a master performer of the mbira , a traditional instrument of the Shona ethnic group of Zimbabwe .
Khalid Lachheb ( born January 16 , 1975 ) is a retired pole vaulter from France .
Adriano Bernardini ( born 13 August 1942 ) is the current Apostolic Nuncio to Italy and San Marino , a post to which he was appointed on 15 November 2011 .
Yash Johar was born on September 6 , 1929 in Lahore , Punjab , British India .
Gideon Moi ( born 1964 ) is a Kenyan politician who has served in the Senate of Kenya , representing Baringo County , since 2013 .
José Villalba , also known as Vilalba ( 1920 in Santo Tomé , Argentina -- 1987 in Porto Alegre , Rio Grande do Sul ) was Argentine football ( soccer ) striker .
Mathieu Ravignat ( born January 18 , 1973 ) is a Canadian federal politician from Cantley , Quebec , Canada , who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada from the riding of Pontiac in the May 2 , 2011 federal election .
Nikola Špirić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Шпирић , pronounced ( nǐkola ʃpǐːrit͡ɕ ) ; born September 4 , 1956 in Drvar , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( then a part of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ) ) is a Bosnian Serb politician and the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 2007 until 2012 .
According to Infodisc , Karen Cheryl has sold 5 million records in France in her career .
India 's first talkie motion poster has dialogues written by Kabilan Vairamuthu .
Muzammil H. Siddiqi born in India in 1943 , received his Islamic education at Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama , Lucknow , India .
Ahmed Said Musa Patel ( 16 January 1937 to 8 September 2009 ) was the first Imam ( Muslim cleric ) in New Zealand and served as the principal spiritual and religious advisor to the Islamic community here from 1960 to 1986 .
Michel Kafando ( born 18 August 1942 ) is a Burkinabé diplomat who served as the transitional President of Burkina Faso from 2014 to 2015 .
Raymond Carver territory has an outpost in Saskatchewan , Canada , and that 's where Rick Hillis sets the nine stories in this collection , which won the 1990 Drue Heinz Literature Prize .
Walter Warlimont ( 3 October 1894 -- 9 October 1976 ) was a German officer known for his role as a deputy chief in the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht ( OKW ) , Germany 's Supreme Armed Forces Command during World War II .
Atsushi Fujii ( 藤井淳志 , born May 20 , 1981 in Toyohashi , Aichi Prefecture ) is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Claudelle Deckert ( born 25 January 1974 , Düsseldorf , Germany ) is a German actress and model .
Sadananda ( also called Svami Sadananda Das ) ( 1908 - -1977 ) was born Ernst - Georg Schulze of Germany .
Aleksandrs Stankus ( 1907 - -1944 ) was a Latvian footballer who played for Olimpija Liepāja and Latvia national football team .
Gertrúd Stefanek ( born 5 July 1959 , Ózd , Hungary ) is a Hungarian fencer , who won two Olympic medals in the foil team competitions , in 1980 in Moscow and 1988 in Seoul .
Beyazıt Öztürk ( born 1969 , Bolu , Turkey ) , also known as Beyaz , is a Turkish television personality , standup comedian and actor .
He was born in Sainte - Marie - de - Monnoir , Lower Canada , the son of Étienne Poulin and Charlotte Hébert , and was educated at the Collège de Saint - Hyacinthe .
Kamil Piroš ( born November 20 , 1978 in Most , Czechoslovakia , now Czech Republic ) is a Czech ice hockey center / winger , currently contracted by HC Litvínov in the Czech Extraliga .
Said Pasha Zulfikar , KCMG , KBE , also known as Zulfikar Pasha or Zulfiqar Pasha , was Chamberlain to the Khedive of Egypt by 1888 and Grand Chamberlain by 1919 and at least until 1938 .
Mallikarjuna Reddy was born Changalaraya Reddy in Thoppanahalli , a village in Bangarpet , Kolar district , Karnataka , India .
Phạm Hải Nam ( born February 21 , 1983 in Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a Defender for Hà Nội F.C ..
Emad Hashim ( born 10 February 1969 ) is an Iraqi football Goalkeeper who played for Iraq in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup & 2000 AFC Asian Cup .
Kimberly Sue Yap Chiu ( born April 19 , 1990 ) , commonly known as Kim Chiu , is a Chinese Filipino actress in the Philippines .
Lt . Colonel Ernest Attah was Military Governor of Cross River State , Nigeria , between December 1989 and January 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Avinash Balkrishna Patwardhan born 30 August 1953 in Nagpur , Maharshatra ( India ) is a civil engineer and a law graduate who has profound knowledge and interest in Indian classical music .
Brigadier General Trần Văn Hai was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam .
Shin Baek - cheol ( Hangul : 신백철 ; born October 19 , 1989 in Gimpo , Gyeonggi - do ) is a mixed and men 's doubles badminton player from South Korea .
Allen Russell Patrick ( September 15 , 1910 - December 25 , 1995 ) was a stock broker , teacher and a provincial politician from Alberta , Canada .
Leonard Wantchekon is the founding director of the Institute for Empirical Research in Political Economy , which is based in Benin .
Paul Israel ( born in Sydney , New South Wales ) was an Australian rugby league player for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the New South Wales Rugby League competition in Australia , his position of choice was at Lock - forward .
Albert Kan - Dapaah ( born 14 March 1953 ) is a chartered accountant , politician , member of parliament and a former minister of state in Ghana .
Ayanna Alexander is a track and field athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who competes primarily in the triple jump .
Nicolas Gill ( born April 24 , 1972 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a judoka from Canada , who twice won an Olympic medal in his career .
Léon Livinhac was born on 13 July 1846 in the parish of Buzeins , in the Aveyron department of the south of France , one of three children of a farmer .
Gienek Loska or Henadzi Loska ( Belarusian : Генадзь Лоска , born 8 January 1975 ) is a Polish singer - songwriter and guitarist born in Belaazyorsk in Belarus who rose to fame after winning the first series of X Factor in 2011 .
Talia Bennett is a New Zealander TV Host , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was 1st runner - up at Miss New Zealand 2012 .
Aditi Sajwan ( born in Dehradun , India ) is an Indian television actress .
Sotir Ferrara ( Piana degli Albanesi , 5 December 1937 ) is the Bishop emeritus of the Eparchy of Piana degli Albanesi , a diocese of the Italo - Albanian Catholic Church in Sicily , Italy .
Armando Loaiza Mariaca ( 8 December 1943 in La Paz , Bolivia -- 18 January 2016 ) served as the Foreign Minister of Bolivia from 14 June 2005 to 23 January 2006 when a new administration took office .
Klaus Beer ( born November 14 , 1942 ) is a former track and field athlete active in the 1960s for East Germany .
Soniya Dabir ( born 17 July 1980 ) is a cricketer who has played in two women 's one - day internationals and one Twenty20 internationals for India .
Jurgen Streppel ( born 25 June 1969 in Voorst , Gelderland ) is a retired football ( soccer ) player from the Netherlands , who is to be the current head coach of Willem II .
David O'Loughlin ( born 29 April 1978 in Mayo , Ireland ) is a professional cyclist with the Asian based Giant Kenda team for 2011 .
Alireza Kamali is a paralympic athlete from Iran competing mainly in category F58 discus throw events .
Bahaa El - Taweal ( Arabic : بهاء الطويل IPA : ( bahaa il - taa - weal ) ) , born in Alexandria , Egypt , is an Egyptian journalist , T.V. Correspondent and producer .
Bernardo Peres da Silva ( 15 October 1775 - -18 November 1844 ) was a governor of Portuguese India .
Espen Wensaas ( born November 14 , 1986 ) is a Norwegian musician and multi - instrumentalist ( most notably mandolin , mandolin - family instruments and guitar ) residing in Oslo , Norway .
Roger Wittevrongel ( born Blankenberge , Belgium , 23 April 1933 ) is a Belgian painter , draughtsman and graphic artist , representative of the hyperrealism .
Christian Rivers is a New Zealand visual effects art director and filmmaker .
Saint Abraham of Rostov was born in the tenth century , to a non - Christian family in Galich , Russia .
Jani Hartikainen ( born 16 September 1975 ) is a Finnish football player who currently plays for the Finnish premiership Veikkausliiga club KuPS in Finland .
Siobhán O'Brien ( born 24 August 1969 in Limerick , Ireland ) is a singer - songwriter who performs with acoustic guitar and harmonica .
María Asunción Aramburuzabala -- referred to as Marisun by her friends -- was born on May 2 , 1963 in Mexico City , Mexico .
Giovanni Giacomazzi was one of five players that played every game for Italy at the 1954 World Cup ( the others being Lorenzi , Nesti , Pandolfini and Tognon ) .
Luke Whitelock ( born 29 January 1991 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a loose forward for the Crusaders in Super Rugby and Canterbury in the ITM Cup .
Angélica Palma y Román ( Lima , 1878 -- Rosario , 1935 ) was a writer , journalist and biographer from Peru .
Ayiri Emami is a Nigerian businessman and billionaire , founder of the 911 Beach & Resort in Ugborodo , Warri South West Local Government Area , Delta State , Nigeria , and a major contractor to the Chevron - Sasol EGTL project in Delta state , Nigeria .
Gustav Landauer ( 7 April 1870 --2 May 1919 ) was one of the leading theorists on anarchism in Germany in the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century .
Jimmy Bulus ( born October 22 , 1986 in Kaduna , Nigeria ) is a Nigerien football player who plays for NA Hussein Dey and the Niger national football team .
Agricol Lozano Herrera ( 1927 - -1999 ) was a Mormon poet , historian , and leader in Mexico .
Vissanu Sophanich ( born July 4 , 1974 ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competed internationally for Thailand .
Mihail Mihaylov born on December 27 , 1972 , better known as Big Sha or by his previous name , Misho Shamara , is a Bulgarian rapper from Varna , Bulgaria .
Ivan Kirpa ( born March 6 , 1978 in Roslavl , Russia ) is a Russian welterweight boxer from Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Among other places , there are cafes in Aalborg , Denmark and Sønderborg , Denmark called `` Ib Rehné , Cairo '' .
Văn Cao ( born Nguyễn Văn Cao , Vietnamese pronunciation : ( ŋʷjə̌ˀn van kaːw ) ; 15 November 1923 -- 10 July 1995 ) was a Vietnamese composer whose works include Tiến Quân Ca , which became the national anthem of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam .
Yolanda Pulecio Vélez also known as `` Mamá Yolanda '' ( born December 31 , 1939 ) is a Colombian former beauty queen turned politician , former member of the Congress of Colombia and diplomat .
Aloízio Mercadante Oliva ( born in Santos , São Paulo on 13 May 1954 ) is an economist and Brazilian politician serving as the Chief of Staff of Brazil between 2014 and 2015 .
Lorenzo Lanzi ( born October 26 , 1981 in Cesena , Italy ) is a professional motorcycle racer most known for competing in the Superbike World championship .
Emmett Skilton , also credited as Emmett Couling Skilton ( born 23 September 1987 ) is a New Zealand - based actor , director and producer .
Miljuschka Witzenhausen ( born 10 July 1985 in Amsterdam , the Netherlands ) is a Dutch model and actress .
The President of the United States of America , in the name of Congress , takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Private John Schiller , United States Army , for extraordinary heroism on 29 September 1864 , while serving with Company E , 158th New York Infantry , in action at Chaffin 's Farm , Virginia .
Loco Dice ( born Yassine Ben Achour on 10 August 1974 ) is a German DJ and electronic music producer born and based in Düsseldorf , Germany .
José Mário Vaz ( born 10 December 1957 ) is the President of Guinea - Bissau , in office since 23 June 2014 .
Awadhesh Kumar Rai ( Hindi : अवधेश कुमार राय , born c. 1952 ) is an Indian politician , affiliated to the Communist Party of India ( CPI ) .
Feng Youlan was born on 4 December 1895 in Tanghe County , Nanyang , Henan , China , to a middle - class family .
Maria Elena Heredia is a bilingual English / Spanish VO and dubbing talent with a prominent career in Miami and her native Venezuela where she worked for clients such as Showtime , Nickelodeon , PlayBoy , and Home Shopping Network Español amongst others .
Rev. Harold Lloyd Henderson ( 1907 - January 18 , 1993 ) was a Presbyterian minister and politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Berhane Asfaw ( Amharic : በርሃነ አስፋው ) is an Ethiopian paleontologist of Rift Valley Research Service , who co - discovered human skeletal remains at Herto Bouri , Ethiopia that revealed a transition into modern humans ( Homo sapiens sapiens ) .
Inés María Calero Rodríguez is a Venezuelan pageant titleholder who was 1987 , and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1987 pageant held in Singapore on May 26 , 1987 , when she won the title of 3rd Runner Up .
Yuri Zhevnov ( Belarusian : Юры Жаўноў ; born 17 April 1981 ) is a professional football player from Belarus who plays for FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast in the Russian Premier League .
Bodhiruci was a Buddhist monk and Vajrayana master from North India ( 6th century CE ) active in the area of Luoyang , China .
Professor Chao Tzee Cheng ( Chinese : 赵自成 ; pinyin : Zhào Zìchéng ; 22 September 1934 in Hong Kong -- 21 February 2000 in New York ) was a renowned forensic pathologist in Singapore .
Bashir Nur Gedi ( died 19 October 2007 ) was the radio manager and acting director of Radio Shabelle , an independent radio station that regularly ran watchdog reports on government corruption in Mogadishu , Somalia .
Karim Fellahi ( Arabic : كريم فلاحي‎ ) ( born October 31 , 1974 in Épinay - sur - Seine , France ) is a former Algerian footballer who played as a midfielder .
Ganhuyag Chuluun Hutagt ( Mongolian : Хутагт овогт Чулууны Ганхуяг ) is a Mongolian businessman , public figure , and former Vice Minister of Finance of Mongolia .
P. J. Thomas , Parakunnel ( 1895 - 1965 ) was the first economic advisor of independent India .
Baek Seung - chul ( Hangul : 백승철 , born on March 9 , 1975 ) is a former South Korea football player .
Alfred John Stanton ( 20 September 1825 -- 11 December 1906 ) was a British Liberal Member of Parliament representing Stroud who was elected to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom on 18 May 1874 .
Ferenc Marki was born on November 7 , 1912 to Ferenc Marki and Etelka Pinter in Szeged , southern Hungary .
Dr. Jürgen Schade ( born in Berlin , Germany , December 3 , 1942 ) was president of the Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt ( DPMA ) ( English : German Patent and Trade Mark Office ) for 7 years , from 2001 to December 31 , 2008 .
Nakhumicha Zakayo is a Paralympian athlete from Kenya competing mainly in category F57 - 58 javelin throw events .
Eithan Urbach ( born 12 January 1977 in Haifa ) is a former backstroke swimmer from Israel .
Guillermo González Camarena ( February 17 , 1917 -- April 18 , 1965 ) , was a Mexican electrical engineer who was the inventor of a color - wheel type of color television , and who also introduced color television to Mexico .
S. Rajendra Babu was the 34th chief Justice of India .
Jan Žemlík ( born 9 October 1977 in the Czech Republic ) is a retiredfootballer
Roberto Mateos ( Born April 28 , 1963 , Mexico City , Distrito Federal , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actor of telenovelas .
Paul Weerman ( born 21 January 1977 in Emmen , Drenthe ) is a football striker from the Netherlands .
James Teer ( 1826 - -1887 ) was a New Zealand goldminer , mariner and castaway .
Steve Chia Kiah Hong ( Chinese : 谢镜丰 ; born 3 November 1970 ) is a politician from Singapore .
Hernán Figueroa Bueg ( born August 26 , 1927 ) is a former decathlete from Chile .
Walter Lapeyre ( born 9 February 1976 ) is a pistol shooter from Bordeaux , France .
In his period Walter Brune operated one of the busiest architectural offices in the Federal Republic of Germany , with satellite offices in New York , Tehran , Kabul and in the Netherlands .
The president of Finland Sauli Niinistö ( Joonas Nordman ) and the prime minister of Finland Alexander Stubb ( Antti Holma ) are discussing about politics in advance of the president of Russia Vladimir Putin ( Kari Ketonen ) .
Affif Ben Badra ( sometimes credited as Afif Ben Badra or Ben Badra ) ( born 1960 ) is an actor and stuntman currently living in France .
Mary Carmel Charles ( 15 July 1912 -- 1999 ) was an author and the last fluent speaker of the Nyulnyul language of Western Australia .
Helmut Wielandt ( 19 December 1910 Niedereggenen , Lörrach , Germany -- 14 February 2001 ) was a German mathematician who worked on permutation groups .
David Pinkerton ( 1836 -- 23 June 1906 ) was a New Zealand Member of Parliament for Dunedin City , in the South Island .
Jetsada Chudech ( Thai เจษฎา ชูเดช ) , is a Thai futsal Forward , and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team .
Lee McCall ( 1950 -- 30 January 1984 ) was a member of the Stander Gang , a group of three escaped convicts who went on a bank robbing spree in South Africa from October 1983 until February 1984 .
He was born Maximilian Josef Sommer in Greifswald , Germany , and raised in North Carolina , the son of Elisabeth and Clemens Sommer , a Professor of Art History at the University of North Carolina .
Louie Jon Agustin Sanchez ( born 1980 in Sta . Mesa , Manila ) , a poet , fictionist , critic , and journalist , hails from Flora , Apayao , Philippines .
Sheikh Khalid Hafiz ( Sheikh Khalid Kamal Abdul Hafiz ; 1 December 1938 -- 6 December 1999 ) was an Indian - born Imam who served as the senior religious advisor to the New Zealand Muslim minority over 1982 to 1999 .
Joe Sellwood ( 24 January 1911 -- 18 October 2007 ) was a New Zealand born Australian rules football player , playing 181 games from 1930 - -1945 .
Ángela Auad ( born February of 1945 in Jujuy , Argentina ; `` disappeared '' December 17 or 18 , 1977 ) was an Argentine social activist .
Jean Asselborn ( born 27 April 1949 ) is a Luxembourgish politician who has served in the government of Luxembourg as Minister for Foreign Affairs since 2004 .
Cheryl Kaye Tardif ( née Kaye ; born August 12 , 1963 ) is a Canadian mystery writer best known for Canada - based novels Whale Song , Divine Intervention , and The River .
Tilly van der Zwaard ( born 18 January 1938 ) is a retired middle distance runner from the Netherlands .
' ' The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Cross to Captain ( MC ) Dudley Newcomb Carpenter , United States Navy , for distinguished service in the line of his profession in establishing and maintaining Naval Base Hospital No . 4 at Queenstown , Ireland .
Guillaume Jouvenel des Ursins ( 1415/1420 - 1478/1481 ) was Justice Minister of France from 1445 to 1461 and from 1465 to 1472 .
Loughlin O'Brien ( 23 November 1821 -- 17 April 1901 ) , often spelled Laughlin O'Brien , was a New Zealand politician and judge .
Christian Jankowski ( born 1968 in Göttingen , West Germany ) is a contemporary multimedia artist who largely works with video , installation and photography .
Dr. Irwin M. Brodo ( born 1935 ) is an emeritus scientist at the Canadian Museum of Nature , in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Cornelius Thuhageni Njoba ( 1930 - 1982 ) was the chief of the Ovamboland bantustan in Namibia , then known as South West Africa from August 1975 to July 1980 .
Victor Șelin ( born 19 August 1965 ) is a Moldovan businessman and politician , currently president of the Social Democratic Party of Moldova .
Mamadou Keita is a sabre fencer from Senegal .
Modeste Demers was born 11 October 1809 , in Saint - Nicolas , Quebec , in Lower Canada .
William B. Rudman ( born 1944 ) , usually known as Bill Rudman , is a malacologist from New Zealand and Australia .
Michel Draguet ( born 23 January 1964 in Ixelles , Belgium ) is a Belgian art historian , professor at the Université libre de Bruxelles and the curator of the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium He has been interim director of the Royal Museums of Art and History in Brussels .
John Christian Bechler ( 7 January 1784 Oesel , Governorate of Livonia ( present - day Estonia ) - 18 April 1857 Herrnhut , Saxony ( present - day Germany ) ) was a Moravian bishop , composer , and organist .
Said bin Zair ( Arabic : سعيد بن زعير‎ ) is a Saudi former academic who has opposed the royal family and class - based regime of Saudi Arabia .
Zhang Naiqi ( Chinese : 章乃器 ; pinyin : Zhāng Naĭqì ) was a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Iskender Alptekin was born on 29 August 1961 at the Kafro village in Tur Abdin , Turkey .
Jimmy Omonga is a singer and songwriter from the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Néstor Clausen ( born 29 September 1962 ) , a native of Arrufo , Santa Fe Province , Argentina , is a former footballer , a 1986 FIFA World Champion , and the current manager for Bolivian first division club Sport Boys .
Hamid al - Ahmar ( Arabic : الشيخ حميد الأحمر‎ ) ( born 1967 ) is a Yemeni multimillionaire businessman and politician currently living in exile after fleeing Yemen during the Houthi takeover of Sana'a September 2014 .
Alexei Osipov ( born March 31 , 1938 , Belev , Tula oblast , Russia ) - well known Russian Orthodox theologian , professor and lecturer from Moscow Orthodox Theological Seminary .
Karaikudi Mani ( born as Ganapathy Subramanyam on 11 September 1945 in Karaikudi , Tamil Nadu , India ) is an Indian percussionist , primarily adept in the mridangam .
Ajmal Mian ( Urdu : اجمل میاں ) was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from December 23 , 1997 to June 30 , 1999 .
Simon Rademan was born in Ceres , in the then Cape Province of South Africa , in 1964 .
Fernando Coronil ( November 30 , 1944 Caracas - August 16 , 2011 , New York City ) was a Venezuelan anthropologist best known for his study of the politics of oil in Venezuela .
After partition of India and complete devastation of the whole region of Alwar and Tijara , the family of Hakim Syed Fazlur Rahman migrated to Bhopal and started afresh the whole set up of the ' Dawakhana ' .
Jaime Huélamo ( 17 November 1948 -- 31 January 2014 ) was a road racing cyclist from Spain , who was a professional rider from 1973 to 1975 .
Isaie Melanson ( October 27 , 1883 -- 1964 ) was a farmer and political figure of Acadian origin in New Brunswick , Canada .
Karim Ghajji is a boxer of Moroccan origin , he reside in Meaux , France and being part of Fantastik Armada .
Eucharia Njideka Iyiazi is a Paralympian athlete from Nigeria competing mainly in category F57/58 shot putt and discus throw events .
Goodwill Zwelithini kaBhekuzulu ( born 27 July 1948 at Nongoma ) is the reigning King of the Zulu nation under the Traditional Leadership clause of South Africa 's republican constitution .
The Venerable Félix Varela y Morales ( November 20 , 1788 - -February 27 , 1853 ) was a Cuban - born Roman Catholic priest and independence leader in his homeland who is regarded as a notable figure in the Catholic Church in both Cuba and the United States .
Eva Gronbach ( born 1971 , Cologne , Germany ) is a German fashion designer .
Born Clement Lyon Meadmore in Melbourne , Australia , in 1929 , Clement Meadmore studied aeronautical engineering and then industrial design at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology .
Tábata Jalil ( born June 3 , 1979 ) is a host of the morning television shows El empujón ( The push ) and Venga la alegría ( May happiness come ) on TV Azteca in Mexico .
Sir Henry Ayers GCMG ( 1 May 1821 -- 11 June 1897 ) was the eighth Premier of South Australia , serving a record five times between 1863 and 1873 .
Paio Pires de Guimarães ( 1100- ? ) was a Lord of Vizela and a medieval Knight of the County of Portugal .
Adelir Antônio de Carli ( 1966 - -2008 ) , also known in Brazil as Padre Baloeiro , was a Brazilian Catholic priest , who died during an attempt at cluster ballooning on April 20 , 2008 .
Aguas Santas Ocaña Navarro ( born April 23 , 1963 in Brenes , Seville , Spain ) was the first lady of Honduras .
Greg Arnold quoted in Molly Meldrum presents 50 years of rock in Australia ( 2007 ) by Jeff Jenkins and Ian `` Molly '' Meldrum , p. 288 - -289 .
Natalie Munt ( born 8 November 1977 , Hertford ) is a badminton player from the United Kingdom who currently resides in London .
Narsingh Rai was a fourteenth - century ruler of the Gond in central India .
Maran van Erp ( Dutch pronunciation : ( maːˈrɑn vɑn ɛrp ) ; born 3 December 1990 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays for PSV / FC Eindhoven on the BeNe League and for Netherlands .
Akihiro Nakamura ( born August 23 , 1977 in Satte , Saitama , Japan ) is a retired Japanese football player .
John Bridgwood is a former Australian rules footballer , who played a state match for Western Australia in 1971 , as well as 124 games in the WAFL for the Claremont Football Club .
Whirimako Black , MNZM ( born c. 1961 ) is a New Zealand Māori recording artist and actress .
Michael McGinley ( born 1852 in Donegal , Ireland ) was an Irish song writer famous for the songs `` The Hills of Glenswilly '' and `` An Emigrant 's Farewell '' , written as he travelled on the ship The Invercardill to New Zealand in 1878 .
Ulf Eriksson ( born May 26 , 1942 ) is a retired football referee from Sollefteå , Sweden and a former football player .
Ondřej Hotárek ( born 25 January 1984 ) is a Czech - Italian pair skater who began competing for Italy in 2006 .
Henryk Friedman played for Poland at fourth board ( + 5 --2 = 5 ) in the 6th Chess Olympiad at Warsaw 1935 .
Keshia Grant ( born 11 January 1987 in Tauranga , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand netball player and javelin thrower .
Bledar Sejko ( born 10 September 1972 ) is an Albanian guitarist , composer , and singer who represented Albania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö with his song `` Identitet '' , which he performed with Adrian Lulgjuraj .
Rafał Szombierski ( born March 12 , 1982 in Pyskowice , Poland ) is a Polish speedway rider .
With the Soviet occupation of Estonia Mait Metsanurk was sidelined politically and expelled from the Writers ' Union .
Phạm Thị Mai Phương ( born 1985 in Hải Phòng ) was crowned the 8th Miss Vietnam in 2002 .
Julia Harari lives in Melbourne , Australia .
Miguel Calderón ( born June 1 , 1971 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican artist and writer .
David Benyamine ( born July 5 , 1972 in Paris , France ) is a French professional poker player with a World Poker Tour title .
Cengiz Çıplak ( March 12 , 1983 in Ankara , Turkey ) , is a professional ice hockey player , who currently plays defence for the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League 's Kocaeli BB Kağıtspor and Turkey national men 's ice hockey team .
Markus Vogel ( born January 12 , 1984 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from the Canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland , who specializes in the Slalom discipline .
Alexander Muñoz ( born February 8 , 1979 in Miranda , Venezuela ) is a professional boxer in the super flyweight division , nicknamed `` El Explosivo , '' because of his finisher which involves killing his opponent with explosives .
Gari Moka ( born 16 November 1983 ) in Papua New Guinea is a footballer who plays as a Forward .
Nelly Kaplan was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina to a Russian - Jewish family .
Helena Wulff has held visiting professorships at University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , National University of Singapore , University of Vienna , and University of Ulster , as well as a Leverhulme visiting professorship at University of East London .
Stefan Sanderling ( born 1964 in East Berlin , East Germany ) is an orchestral conductor .
Zaw Min ( Burmese : ဇော်မင်း ) was the Minister for Electric Power-1 of Myanmar ( Burma ) .
Zygmunt Wielopolski was the President of Warsaw in the 19th century , during the time when Warsaw was part of Congress Poland .
Adolph Peter Adler ( 29 August 1812 -- 5 October 1869 ) , was a Danish theologian , writer and a pastor in Hasle and Rutsker , on the island of Bornholm , Denmark .
Mascha Geurts ( born December 9 , 1973 in Nijmegen , Gelderland ) is a retired water polo goalkeeper from the Netherlands .
Caroline Peters ( born 1971 , Mainz , Germany ) is a German actress .
John Axel Eriksson ( born 5 January 1978 ; Falkenberg , Sweden ) is a Swedish actor .
Steve Chandra Savale originally from London , United Kingdom , also known by his stage names Chandrasonic and Chandra Blunt , is a British musician of Asian descent , best known as the lead guitarist of the British electronica band Asian Dub Foundation .
Moony ( born Monica Bragato , born 27 September 1980 ) is a musician from Italy .
Upamanyu Chatterjee ( Bengali : উপমন্যু চট্টোপাধ্যায় ) ( born 1959 ) is an Indian civil servant who currently serves as Joint Secretary to Government of India on the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board .
Ricardo Pozas Arciniega ( May 4 , 1912 , Amealco de Bonfil , Querétaro -- January 19 , 1994 , Mexico City ) was a distinguished Mexican anthropologist , scientific investigator and indigenista .
Sanaa Bhambri ( Hindi : सना भाम्बरी ; born 7 March 1988 ) is a former professional tennis player from India .
Maurice Bolyer ( December 1 , 1920 -- August 18 , 1978 ) , born Maurice Beaulieu , was a composer and musician known as `` Canada 's King of the Banjo '' .
Miah Nikora ( born 28 April 1985 in Gisborne , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby union player from New Zealand .
Vayala Vasudevan Pillai ( April 22 , 1945 -- August 29 , 2011 ) was a Malayalam - language playwright from Kerala , India .
He first gained prominence in Australia as host of the weekly television program Turn ' Round Australia and radio program Sunday Night Live with Gordon Moyes .
Tadao Yasuda ( born 9 October 1963 ) is a retired sumo and professional wrestler from Ōta , Tokyo , Japan .
Chan Siu Ki ( Chinese : 陳肇麒 ; Jyutping : can4 siu6 kei4 , born 14 July 1985 , Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong footballer who plays as a striker for Hong Kong Premier League club South China .
The elders of Amir Hossein Jahanshahi 's family belong to the Kara Koyunlu clan which has a 500 year history of governing a number of key provinces in Iran .
Patty Ryan 's newest releases are the 2005 CD single `` I Gave You All My Love '' , the 2006 compilation All The Best ( Otre - Media ) , the hits `` Ohne Zweifel '' ( 2004 ) , and `` Lass mir doch mal meinen Spass '' ( 2005 ) in Germany .
Virginia Buika ( born in Alcalá de Henares , Spain ) is a Spanish musician , actress , director and producer .
Jenny Bloxham is a former New Zealand politician .
Per Jonsson ( born 21 March 1966 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a former speedway rider who won the Speedway World Championship in 1990 , and finished runner - up in 1992 .
Erwin Ringel was born in Timişoara , Romania nonetheless his parents already lived in Hollabrunn , Austria .
Hiroshi Takamura ( 高村 祐 , born September 2 , 1969 in Utsunomiya , Tochigi , Japan ) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher .
Rudy Horn grew up in Nuernberg , Germany during the time of World War II . On Christmas Eve in the year of 1940 , Rudy Horn was given three apples from his father .
Christoph Schrempf was a pastor and writer from Besigheim , Germany .
Bernard de Dryver ( Brussels , 19 September 1952 ) is a racing driver from Belgium .
Marcelle de Lacour was born Marcelle Schaeffer at Besançon , France , the capital of the department of Doubs , France .
Rachel Hampton ( born 24 January 1975 in Whyalla , South Australia ) is a State and National League representative in field hockey , coach , manager , performance analyst and indigenous sportswoman from South Australia .
David Renfrew White ( 1847 - -1937 ) was a notable New Zealand teacher , educationalist and university professor .
Luke Nguyen ( born 8 September 1978 ) is a Vietnamese - Australian chef , best known as the host of the television series , Luke Nguyen 's Vietnam and Luke Nguyen 's France .
Simon Hodge is a racing driver from Adelaide , South Australia , Australia and the current CAMS Gold Star Award holder .
Hoon Thien How ( born 24 December 1986 in Kuala Lumpur ) is a professional badminton player from Malaysia who plays in the men 's doubles category .
Abdul Hamid Tajik ( born 1923 ) was an Afghanistan footballer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games .
Eknathrao alias Balasaheb Vikhe Patil ( Marathi : एकनाथराव उर्फ़ बाळासाहेब विखे पाटिल ) ( born 10 April 1932 ) , popularly known as Balasaheb Vikhe Patil was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Ivan Vedar ( Bulgarian : Иван Ведър ) , born Danail Nikolov , a.k.a . Yani Ingiliz , Johny English , Ovanes Efendi ( equivalents of the name Ivan ) , Denkooglu ( after Deniu , Danail ) , was born in Razgrad , present - day Bulgaria in 1827 .
Lorena Telpuk , formerly María del Luján Telpuk , ( sometimes María de Luján Telpuk ) or the Suitcase Girl ( c. 1981 ) is a former airport police officer at Aeroparque Jorge Newbery in Buenos Aires , Argentina , who noticed a suitcase with US$ 800,000 as it went through an X - ray machine in August 2007 .
Troels Holch Povlsen and his wife Merete Bech Povlsen co - founded Bestseller in Ringkobing , Denmark in 1975 .
Pat Duncan ( born April 8 , 1960 ) is a former politician in the Yukon , Canada .
Thomas Aston Blakelock ( August 10 , 1883 -- 1974 ) was an English - born merchant , building contractor and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Dorota Miśkiewicz was born on 12 September 1973 in Kłodzko , southern Poland .
Andrey Kiritchenko ( born 1976 ) is a person known among experimental music fans as author and contributor of various critically acclaimed projects , founder of Nexsound records , producer who has contributed his significant share into the development of electronic music scene in Ukraine and already considered as one of the premiere experimental artist from Eastern Europe .
Joscho Stephan ( born 1979 in Mönchengladbach , Germany ) is a German Jazz guitarist who mainly plays modern Gypsy jazz .
Mehdi Golshani ( Persian : مهدی گلشنی , born 1939 in Isfahan , Iran ) is a contemporary Iranian theoretical physicist and philosopher and Professor of physics at Sharif University of Technology .
Valentin Schiedermair , born 28 October 1963 in Frankfurt / Main , Germany is a German concert pianist who lives in London .
Shahrnush Parsipur has since left Iran and currently resides in the United States .
Jeremy Birchall is an actor and voice actor based in New Zealand .
Hannia Guillen ( born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila , Cuba ) is a Cuban - American actress .
John Anictomatis was sworn in by William Deane , the Governor General of Australia .
Roman Sebastian Zängerle ( January 20 , 1771 , Ober - Kirchberg near Ulm -- April 17 , 1848 at Seckau in Austria ) was Prince - Bishop of Seckau .
Ambrose D'Mello ( 20 January 1922 -- 18 April 2010 ) was an Indian Jesuit priest , who served as the first Jesuit Provincial of India .
On 2 October 2015 Interim Greece coach Kostas Tsanas called up midfielder Dimitris Pelkas for the match against North Ireland and Hungary for UEFA Euro 2016 .
Lewis Morgan Hayward ( 28 August 1890 -- 21 October 1971 ) was a New Zealand fish curer , and professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s , playing at representative level for New Zealand ( # 76 ) , and Thames , as a Prop , i.e. number 8 or 10 , during the era of contested scrums .
Wolfgang Santner grew up in Graz , Austria , where he attended the University of Graz and graduated from law school in 1999 .
Jean - Manuel Thetis ( born November 5 , 1971 , in Sarcelles , France ) is a French footballer who played 116 matches and scored 4 goals in Ligue 1 in the 1989 - -1997 period and played 22 matches and scored 2 goals for Marseille in Ligue 2 in the 1994 - -95 season .
Hirini Whaanga Christy ( 16 August 1883 - -1 July 1955 ) was a New Zealand Mormon leader , farmer , interpreter , community leader .
Theo Bleckmann ( born Theodor Raoul Bleckmann ; May 28 , 1966 in Dortmund , West Germany ) is a vocalist and composer .
Angelli Nesma Medina ( born in Mexico ) is a Mexican producer .
Thomas Thistle ( 22 November 1853 , in Toxteth Park , Liverpool , Lancashire , England -- 7 February 1936 , in Eling vicarage , Southampton Hampshire ) was an Anglican priest in England , New Zealand and Australia .
María Quintanal Zubizarreta ( born December 17 , 1969 in Biscay ) is a sport shooter from Gran Canaria , Spain .
Han Bi - ya ( Hangul : 한비야 ; born 26 June 1958 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a celebrated Korean travel writer , relief worker and poverty reduction , refugee advocate .
Shahram Jalilian ( Persian : شهرام جلیلیان‎ ) ( born 1978 in Khorramshahr , Iran ) is an Iranian Iranologist and historian .
Anant Viththal Keer ( Devanagari : अनंत विठ्ठल कीर ) ( 1913 - -1984 ) was a biographer from Maharashtra , India .
Pruchya Isarow ( Thai : ปรัชญา อิสโร ; born 16 October 1995 ) is a tennis player from Thailand playing on the ATP Challenger Tour .
Eric Hall McCormick ( 17 June 1906 - -23 March 1995 ) was a New Zealand teacher , critic , historian , university lecturer and biographer .
Samuel Mitja Rapoport ( 27 November 1912 -- 7 July 2004 ) was a Russian - born German physician , biochemist and communist functionary of East Germany .
Henning Behrens ( born 1 February 1940 in Hamburg , Germany ) , is a German economist and political scientist .
Deep Shrestha ( Nepali : दीप श्रेष्ठ ) is a singer and musician of Nepal .
Patrick Thaler ( born March 23 , 1978 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from northern Italy .
Ryan Belal ( Arabic : ريان بلال‎ ; born 1988 ) is a football player , who plays as a striker for Al - Nasr , in Saudi Arabia .
Hassan Pirnia ( Persian : حسن پیرنیا‎ ‎ ; 1872 - -1935 ) was a prominent Iranian politician of 20th - century Iran .
Grendel Alvarado is a 31-year - old Filipina fashion model from Bacolod who won the first cycle of Philippines ' Next Top Model , a Philippine version of Tyra Banks ' model search program , America 's Next Top Model .
Voldemārs Žins ( born 1905 , date of death unknown ) was a Latvian footballer who played for Olimpija Liepāja and Latvia national football team .
Ouyang Xiaofang ( Simplified Chinese : 欧阳晓芳 ; born 5 April 1983 ) is a weightlifter from Liaoning , People 's Republic of China .
Sławomir Idziak ( Polish pronunciation : ( swaˈvɔmir ˈid͡ʑak ) ; born 25 January 1945 in Katowice , Poland ) is a Polish cinematographer and director who has worked on over forty Polish and foreign films .
Dr. Kurt Lotz ( 18 September 1912 -- 9 March 2005 ) was the second post - war Chief executive officer ( CEO ) of the Volkswagen automobile company in Germany .
Through his mother 's family , Aicard was allied with the viscounts of Millau , who established a number of matrimonial links with counts and viscounts in southern France at the end of the 11th century .
George Melrose ( 22 December 1806 -- 8 April 1894 ) was a Scottish pioneer of South Australia , whose descendants were prominent in pastoral and professional circles .
Ian Meckiff ( born 6 January 1935 ) is a former cricketer who represented Australia in 18 Tests between 1957 and 1963 .
Hony Estrella ( born January 1 , 1984 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is a Dominican actress and presenter .
Alexander Zelin was born on 6 May 1953 , in Perevalsk , Voroshilovgrad region ( now Luhansk Oblast in eastern Ukraine ) .
Bashar al - Shatti : ( Arabic):(بشار الشطي ) , also known as Basharno , Beesho and Maystro , was born 22 September 1982 in Kuwait .
Goh Lay Kuan ( born 1939 ) is an Indonesian - born Singaporean dancer , choreographer , educator , and pioneer of dance in Singapore .
David Dinis Magalhães ( born 24 February 1988 in Luanda , Angola ) is Angolan footballer .
Guillermo Morón Montero ( Carora , Venezuela , 8 February 1926 ) , is a Venezuelan writer and historian .
Silvino Vidal ( Albergaria - a - Velha , Portugal , March 21 , 1850-Pelotas , Brazil , August 9 , 1937 ) was a Portuguese - Brazilian writer .
Fahd Aodi ( Arabic : فهد عودة‎ ) ( born January 1 , 1982 in Homs , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Marumi Shiraishi ( 白石 マル美 , formerly 白石 まるみ ) ( born November 27 , 1962 ) is an actress and media personality from Tokyo , Japan .
Cyrille Estève aka Cyrille the Spoonman is a busker in the city of Montreal , Canada .
Honourable Justice Khalil - ur - Rehman Ramday ( Urdu : خلیل الرحمان رمدے‎ ) was an ad hoc judge later appointed as a permanent judge of the Supreme Court of Pakistan .
William Vondenvelden ( ca . 1753 -- June 20 , 1809 ) was a German - born surveyor , printer and political figure in Lower Canada .
Walter Werzowa was born in Vienna , Austria , where he studied classical guitar and electronic music at Vienna Musik Hochschule .
Hasan Semih Özmert ( born 27 July 1921 in Üsküdar , Istanbul ) is a Turkish judge who served as the president of the Constitutional Court of Turkey from April 9 , 1985 to July 27 , 1986 .
Andrea Mazzucchi ( born March 19 , 1966 ) in Rome is an Italian entrepreneur , network architect , and computer specialist He played a significant role in the early development of Internet in Italy , and other countries in Eastern Europe , such as Croatia .
Juan Bautista Quirós Segura ( January 18 , 1853 -- November 7 , 1934 ) was president of Costa Rica for two weeks , from August 13 to September 2 , 1919 , following the resignation of Federico Tinoco .
Keish ( 1859 or 1860 -- July 11 , 1916 ) , legally James Mason , best known by his nickname Skookum Jim Mason , was a Canadian native and a member of the Tagish First Nation in what became the Yukon Territory of Canada .
Tanka Basnet ( Nepali : टंक बस्नेत ) is a footballer from Nepal .
Constantin Dimitrescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( konstanˈtin dimiˈtresku ) ; 19 March 1847 in Blejoi , Romania -- 9 May 1928 ) was a Romanian classic composer and music teacher , one of the most prominent representatives of the late Romantic period .
Ohenewa Akuffo ( born February 15 , 1979 ) is an Olympic freestyle wrestler for Canada .
Abdul Karim Saeed Pasha ( born 28 February 1945 in Pakistan ) is the fifth and current Emir of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement .
Shamima Shaikh ( 14 September 1960 -- 8 January 1998 ) was South Africa 's best known Muslim women 's rights activist , notable Islamic feminist and journalist .
Wilhelm von Le Suire ( June 9 , 1787 -- March 10 , 1852 ) , known in Greece as Lessouiros ( Greek : Λεσσουΐρος , Λεζουΐρος ) was a Bavarian Lieutenant General , War Minister under Otto of Greece during 1834 and under Maximilian II of Bavaria from November 21 , 1848 to May 29 , 1849 .
Wopko Jensma ( born 26 July 1939 Ventersdorp , South Africa ) , is a South African poet and artist .
Aleksandar Stavrev ( Macedonia : Александар Ставрев ; born 30 March 1977 in Skopje ) is a Macedonian football referee .
Mustafa II ( Ottoman Turkish : مصطفى ثانى Muṣṭafā - yi sānī ) ( February 6 , 1664 -- December 29/30 , 1703 ) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1695 to 1703 .
Dr. Raghuvansh Prasad Singh ( born 6 June 1946 ) was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India .
B. R. Nagesh was an English teacher and lecturer in the two coastal districts of Udupi and Dakshina Kannada of Karnataka , South India .
Yelena Yatsura ( born January 23 , 1968 in Krasnodar , Russia ) is an independent film producer .
Gerhard Haderer ( German : ( ˈhaːdərər ) ; born 1951 in Leonding , Austria ) is an Austrian cartoonist and caricaturist .
Tomás Frías Ametller ( 21 December 1804 -- 10 May 1884 ) was a Bolivian politician who served twice as president of Bolivia ( 1872 - -73 and 1874 - -76 ) .
Elena Ilinykh was born in Aktau ( Shevchenko ) , Kazakhstan and raised in Moscow , Russia .
Born in the small city of Osimo , in the Marche region of central Italy , as a boy Luigi Fagioli was fascinated by the relatively new invention of the automobile and the ensuing racing .
Salah Hissou ( Arabic : صلاح حيسو‎ ) ( born January 16 , 1972 in Ait Taghia , Kasba Tadla ) is a long - distance runner from Morocco , who won the gold medal over 5000 metres at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics in Seville .
Ibrahim Mukhtar ( 1909 - 1969 ) was the first Grand Mufti of Eritrea as appointed by the Italian colonial administration .
Sarath Chandrasiri Muthukumarana is a Sri Lankan Politician and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka from Anuradhapura .
Tjalling Halbertsma ( born 1969 in Doorn ) is a lawyer and anthropologist from the Netherlands .
Oskar Müller ( 25 June 1896 - 14 January 1970 ) was the first employment minister in Hesse , Germany after World War II .
Eunice Olsen ( born 24 October 1977 ) is a Singaporean actress , TV Host and beauty pageant titleholder known for having been the winner of the Miss Singapore Universe pageant in 2000 .
S. Ansky was born in Chashniki , Belarus , then part of the Russian Empire , and died in Otwock , Poland on November 8 , 1920 .
Parvin E'tesami ( Persian : پروین اعتصامی‎‎ ) ( March 16 , 1907 -- April 5 , 1941 ) , also Parvin Etesami , was a 20th - century Persian poet of Iran .
In 1994 , he moved to Montpellier in the South of France and founded Bernard Gallay Yacht Brokerage .
Henryk Trębicki ( born October 22 , 1940 in Janowszczyzna , Podlaskie , Poland ) was a Polish weightlifter who competed in the Olympics .
Born on October 31 , 1887 , René Doumer was one of the children of Paul Doumer ( President of France 1931 - 1932 ) .
Suzan Erens ( born November 11 , 1976 in Heerlen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch concert singer .
Saba Youakim , BS ( born on 2 June 1914 in El Wardieh in Baalbek , Lebanon - died on 6 March 2003 ) was Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Petra and Philadelphia in Amman .
Christa Cowrie ( born 1949 ) is a German - Mexican photographer , who began her career in photojournalism but is best known for her work documenting Mexico 's dance the theater events .
Pedro Aguayo Cubillo served as Vice President of Ecuador from 2 April 1998 to 10 August 1998 , the last four months of presidency of Fabián Alarcón .
Lizzie Frost Rattray ( 1855 - -1931 ) was a New Zealand journalist , suffragist and welfare worker .
Reza Amrollahi was the president of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran and the second in the administration of President of Iran during the years 1981 - 1997 .
Dinkar Joshi is a Gujarati language author from India .
Paul Nabor ( 26 January 1928 -- 22 October 2014 ) , born Alfonso Palacio , was a Garifuna singer and musician from Punta Gorda , Belize .
A native of Toulouse , France , Olivier Alary is a Montreal - based musician and composer who has released his own recordings , as well as composing for film and exhibitions .
Penelope Swales is a songwriter , singer and musician based in the Dandenong Ranges in Victoria , Australia .
Percy Jeeves was born on 5 March 1888 in Earlsheaton , near Dewsbury in Yorkshire , England , United Kingdom .
Javier Arroyuelo ( born in Argentina ) is an author and journalist .
Giovanni Amighetti ( born in Parma , Italy , on 21 February 1971 ) is a contemporary Italian musician .
Roger Curtis Green , ONZM ( 15 March 1932 -- 4 October 2009 ) was an American born , New Zealand - based archaeologist , Professor Emeritus at The University of Auckland , and member of the National Academy of Sciences and Royal Society of New Zealand .
Son Hyung - sun ( Korean : 손형선 ; born February 22 , 1964 South Korea ) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a Defender .
Ross Kennedy ( born 25 September 1982 in Wellington , New Zealand ) is a rugby union player who currently playing with Crusaders .
Mian Muhammad Mansha ( Urdu : میاں محمد منشاء‎ ) is a prominent Pakistani industrialist and entrepreneur with major businesses setup in Pakistan .
Goran Maznov ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Горан Мазнов ) ( born 22 April 1981 in Strumica , SR Macedonia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian football striker who plays for FK Belasica .
Celestino Gorostiza Alcalá ( born January 31 , 1904 in Villahermosa -- January 11 , 1967 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican theater and cine playwright , director and dramatist .
Majid Saleh ( Persian : مجید صالح‎‎ , born October 3 , 1966 in Tehran , Iran ) is a retired Iranian football player and current coach .
Patrick Kelly Downard is the Republican Councilman for the 16th District of Louisville Metro in Kentucky in the United States of America and served as Metro Council President from 2004 to 2005 .
Keith Hampson ( born 14 August 1943 ) is a former Conservative party politician in the United Kingdom .
Prof . C. S. Venkataraman ( 1918 - -1994 ) , popularly known as CSV , was a Mathematician from Kerala , India .
Guy Cuevas , ( Guillermo Cuevas Carrión ) was born in Havana , Cuba in 1945 .
Emperor Kōgon ( 光厳天皇 Kōgon - tennō ) ( August 1 , 1313 -- August 5 , 1364 ) was the first of the Ashikaga Pretenders during the Period of the Northern and Southern Courts in Japan .
Genaro García Luna ( born July 10 , 1968 , in Mexico City ) is a Mexican politician and engineer .
Adnan Januzaj ( Albanian pronunciation : ( adˈnan yanuˈzay ) ; born 5 February 1995 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Manchester United and the Belgium national team .
Gregoire Mirindi Carhangabo is a Congolese politician and Union for the Congolese Nation Member of the National Assembly of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Arno Santamaria ( born 1978 in Argenteuil , France ) is a French singer - songwriter .
Maina Maaji Lawan ( born 12 July 1954 ) is a Nigerian politician and former governor of Borno State in Nigeria who is now a member of the Senate for the Borno North constituency .
Oswaldo Mackenzie ( born 19 January 1973 in Barranquilla , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer who played for clubs of Colombia , Ecuador , Venezuela , Peru and Paraguay .
Bonisile John Kani ( born 30 August 1943 in New Brighton , Eastern Cape , South Africa ) is a South African actor , director and playwright .
Valdes Pasolini ( born 3 June 1962 ) is a retired Sammarinese footballer who played for Cosmos and the San Marino national football team , from whom he played fourteen times between 1990 and 1996 , scoring once against Romania .
Marie - Noëlle Drouet , known as Minou Drouet ( born July 24 , 1947 ) , of La Guerche - de - Bretagne , France , is a former poet , musician , and actor .
Valerian Gracias ( 23 October 1900 , Karachi , British India to 11 September 1978 , Bombay , India ) was an Indian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Cyril James Morton ( 19 April 1903 - -25 June 1986 ) was a notable New Zealand film - maker .
Faisal Iqbal ( Urdu : فیصل اقبال ) ( born 30 December 1981 in Karachi ) is a Pakistani cricketer playing for the Pakistan cricket team as a specialist batsman .
Korhan Abay ( born January 1 , 1954 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish actor , author , film director and producer .
Khwaja Muhammad Usman Damani ( Urdu : خواجہ محمد عثمان دامانی‎ ) was a prominent Muslim scholar and Sufi shaykh of Naqshbandi tariqah of 19th century ( 1828 - -1897 ) in South Asia ( present day Pakistan ) .
Jonkheer Christiaan van Lennep ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkrɪstiˌjaːn vɑn ˈlɛnɛp ) ) ( 3 January 1887 -- 5 December 1955 ) was a Dutch tennis player and multiple champion of The Netherlands .
Mushaf Ali Mir ( 5 March 1947 -- 20 February 2003 ) was an influential statesman and a four - star air officer , who was the sixteenth chief of air staff of Pakistan Air Force ( PAF ) , serving from 20 November 2000 until his accidental death in a plane crash on 20 February 2003 .
Xavier Ribas Centelles ( born February 16 , 1976 in Terrassa , Catalonia ) is a field hockey defender from Spain .
Manuel Balbi ( Born March 13 , 1978 , Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actor , known for Seres :
In Australia , he runs the record label Half A Cow , and has been a long - time member of the bands , The Plunderers , Sneeze and Godstar with Tom Morgan and Nic Dalton and his Gloomchasers , as well playing with Ratcat and The Hummingbirds .
Alex Maley managed a number of clubs in Scotland and England , including Clyde , Clydebank , Hibernian and Crystal Palace .
Tove Lill Løyte ( born 14 August 1985 in Kristiansand , Norway ) , also known as Tove Lill , is a Norwegian glamour model and politician .
On 27 December 1966 , at the age of 73 , Pedro Sienna was awarded the country 's national art prize , Premio Nacional de Arte de Chile .
Kuniaki Shibata ( 柴田 国明 , born March 29 , 1947 in Hitachi , Japan ) is a former Japanese professional boxer .
John Plummer Marcellus ( July 26 , 1838 -- May 29 , 1932 ) was a politician and rancher from Alberta , Canada .
Rubén Alonso played for several clubs in El Salvador , Uruguay , Honduras and Guatemala .
Louis - Paul Motazé ( born 31 January 1959 ) is a Cameroonian politician who has served in the government of Cameroon as Minister of the Economy since 2015 .
Danijel Cesarec is a Croatian footballer who playing for NK Slaven Belupo in Croatia 's Prva HNL .
Arnold van Huis ( born 1946 , Wormerveer , North Holland , Netherlands ) is a Professor of Tropical Entomology at Wageningen University in the Netherlands .
Andrés Felipe Robledo Londoño , known as Reykon `` El Líder '' is a reggaeton performer from Colombia .
Fabio Buzzi ( born 1943 , Lecco , Italy ) is an Italian motorboat builder and racer .
Aurelio Iragorri Valencia ( born 15 July 1966 ) is the 12th Minister of the Interior of Colombia , serving in the administration of President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón .
Amar Noorie ( Punjabi : ਅਮਰ ਨੂਰੀ ) , also spelled as Amar Noori , is a Punjabi singer as well as actress from Punjab , India .
Peter John Jaban is a DJ on Radio Free Sarawak and a human rights campaigner for Sarawak , Malaysia .
Mario Mereghetti ( born May 3 , 1938 in Ossona , Italy ) is retired Italian professional football player who played as a central midfielder .
Necati Bilican ( born 1941 , Özbaşı , Posof , Ardahan , Turkey ) is a retired Turkish civil servant .
Hammond Peek is a New Zealand sound engineer .
Friedrich August Kummer ( 5 August 1797 -- 22 August 1879 ) , born in Meiningen , Germany , was a violoncellist , pedagogue , and composer .
Seth Achal Singh ( born 5 May 1895 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian politician and member of the 1st , 2nd , 3rd , 4th , and 5th Lok Sabha of India .
Nawab Sir Muhammad Jalaluddin Khan KCIE ( 2 April 1889 -- 4 December 1936 ) was the Nawab of Radhanpur , in British India .
Oscar Baquela ( born October 20 , 1957 in San Nicolás de los ArroyosBuenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentina and Chile
Allen Larue ( born 16 June 1981 ) is an association footballer from the Seychelles .
Alwin de Prins ( born 29 October 1978 ) is a former competitive swimmer who represented Luxembourg .
Peter de Boer ( born 26 August 1971 ) is a New Zealand curler originally from Scotland .
Alex Zuker ( born April 25 , 1951 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a bass player and composer .
They suggest that this makes more sense of Abelard 's later comment that he sought to seduce Héloïse because she was the most famous woman in France for her studies -- because , as they suggest , she would have been unlikely to have acquired this reputation by the age of 17 .
Antonio Corgos Cervantes ( born 10 March 1960 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a retired long jumper from Spain .
Nathalie Marquay ( born March 17 , 1967 in Comines , Nord ) was Miss France in 1987 and her country 's representative at Miss Universe 1987 and Miss World 1987 .
Also from around 1916 Émile Vuillermoz was at the forefront of serious film criticism in France , often using the pseudonyms Gabriel Darcy and Claude Bonvin .
Martin Bongo ( born July 4 , 1940 ) is a Gabon political figure and diplomat .
Ahron Daum ( Hebrew : אהרן דאום‎ ; born January 6 , 1951 ) is an Israeli - born Modern - Orthodox rabbi , educator , author , and former chief rabbi of Frankfurt am Main , currently residing in Antwerp , Belgium .
Stefan Gunnarsson , born October 24 , 1968 in Boden , Sweden , is a Swedish musician , known as team captain in the Swedish TV program Så ska det låta .
Conor Kenna ( born 21 August 1984 ) is an Irish footballer who plays for and captains League of Ireland Premier Division club Bray Wanderers .
Scott Targett is a prominent businessman in the province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Jacques Cavallier - Belletrud ( born 24 January 1962 in Grasse , Alpes - Maritimes Department , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur Region , France ) is a French perfumer for Firmenich .
Fernando Castañeda ( born January 8 , 1989 in Aguascalientes , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBC Youth World Light Welterweight Championship .
David J. O'Reilly ( born January 1947 in Dublin , Ireland ) , is former chairman and CEO of Chevron Corporation .
Jorge Toriello Garrido ( died 1998 ) was one of the three leaders of the first government that ruled Guatemala from 20 October 1944 to 15 March 1945 as part of the October Revolution .
Shafiq Ahmed was a prolific run - scorer in domestic cricket in Pakistan between 1967 - 68 , when he made his first - class debut for Punjab University at the age of 18 , until 1990 - 91 , when he played his final first - class match for United Bank Limited at the age of 41 .
John Conomos ( born 28 January 1947 ) is an artist , critic and writer based in Sydney , Australia and an Associate Professor in film and media studies at Sydney College of the Arts , University of Sydney .
In January 2014 KIA South Africa released a TV commercial , Tiger in Africa , with John Varty 's footage shot at Tiger Canyons
Kejsi Tola ( Born 5 February 1992 in Tirana , Albania ) is an Albanian singer .
Tony Pigott ( born Anthony Charles Shackleton Pigott , 4 June 1958 in Fulham , London ) , was educated at Harrow School and is a former English cricketer , who played in one Test for England in 1984 , when he was called up as an emergency replacement in New Zealand .
Handunnetti Rannulu Wimalasiri ( known as H. R. Wimalasiri ) is an ex - member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
David Pattee ( July 30 , 1778 -- February 5 , 1851 ) was a businessman , judge and political figure in Upper Canada .
Raúl Marcelo Pacífico Scozzina was born in San Martín Norte , Argentina and was ordained a priest on December 23 , 1944 from the religious order Order of Friars Minor .
Beatrice Elin Elisabeth Blennberger ( born January 9 , 1987 ) , better known by her stage name Beatrice Eli , is a Swedish singer , songwriter , musician and feminist from Stockholm , Sweden .
Zeka Laplaine ( born 1960 ) , sometimes credited as José Laplaine , is a director and actor from Ilebo in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Solime Bertrand ( December 12 , 1827 -- February 10 , 1891 ) was a notary and political figure in Quebec , Canada .
Lee Chang - hwan ( born 16 March 1982 ) is a professional archer from South Korea .
Ambassador Luis Fernando Carrera Castro ( Guatemala City , Guatemala , April 19 , 1966 ) is the Permanent Representative of Guatemala to the United Nations .
Gael Martin represented Australia in the Women 's World Powerlifting Championships in 1981 , 1983 and 1988 .
Vijayanandi ( c. 940 Benares ( now Varanasi ) , India -- c , 1010 India ) was an Indian mathematician and astronomer who made contributions to trigonometry .
Tarek Hussein ( born in Berlin , Germany on 3 July 1978 ) , better known by his stage name Tarééc , is a German R & B singer of Lebanese - Palestinian descent .
Enrique López Zarza ( born 25 October 1957 in the State of Mexico ) , is a Mexican footballer former striker and manager .
Amy Witting ( 26 January 1918 -- 18 September 2001 ) was the pen name of an Australian novelist and poet born Joan Austral Fraser She was widely acknowledged as one of Australia 's `` finest fiction writers , whose work was full of the atmosphere and colour or times past '' .
Tibor Jančula ( born 16 June 1969 ) is a former Slovak football striker who played mostly for DAC Dunajská Streda and Slovan Bratislava in Slovakia .
Emmy Köhler , born 22 May 1858 in Stockholm , Sweden , dead 2 February 1925 in Fresta , Sweden was a Swedish hymnwriter and writer .
Maria Asteria Sastrayu Rahajeng , often called Maria Rahajeng ( born October 3 , 1991 in Blora , Central Java ) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Indonesia 2014 and represented her country at the Miss World 2014 pageant .
Wes Goosen ( born 20 October 1995 ) is a South African born , New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a midfielder or wing for the Wellington Lions in the ITM Cup .
Born in Gurten , Austria , on May 2 , 1893 , Ludwig Kasper was the son of a farmer .
Alain Desrosières ( 18 April 1940 -- 15 February 2013 ) was a statistician at the INSEE and a sociologist and historian of science at the EHESS ( France ) , well known for his work in the history of statistics .
György Gát ( sometimes credited as George Gat , born 5 February 1947 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian television director and producer ..
Mitr Chaibancha ( Thai มิตร ชัยบัญชา ( Pronunciation ) , January 28 , 1934 in Phetchaburi , Thailand - October 8 , 1970 ) was a Thai film actor who made 266 films from 1956 to 1970 .
The Egtved Girl ( Roughly ( i ) ˈɛɡtʋɛð ) ( c. 1390 - -1370 BC ) was a Nordic Bronze Age girl whose well - preserved remains were discovered outside Egtved , Denmark in 1921 .
Lorenzo Javier Jorge ( born 2 July 1984 in Tacoronte , Spain ) , also known as Loren Georges and Jorge Loren , is a Spanish professional kickboxer and K-1 veteran .
Torstein Lofthus ( born 10 March 1977 , in Øystese , Kvam , Norway ) is a Norwegian drummer and composer , married to Hege Lofthus ( b. Sørvig , 1981 ) , and known from bands like Shining , Elephant9 , Mathias Eick Band , D'Sound and Ebersson / Zanussi / Lofthus .
Dr. Gerard Gillen is Professor Emeritus in Music at the National University of Ireland , Maynooth , having retired from the position of Professor and Head of the Music Department of that university at the end of September 2007 .
Louis François René Panhard ( 27 May 1841 - 16 July 1908 ) was a French engineer , merchant and a pioneer of the automobile industry in France .
Maruosa is a Japanese producer of breakcore / cybergrind based in Tokyo , Japan .
Annie Isabella James ( 22 April 1884 - -6 February 1965 ) was a New Zealand presbyterian missionary .
Ebba Tesdorpf ( 23 January 1851 -- 22 February 1920 ) was an illustrator and watercolorist from Hamburg , Germany .
Mary Ellen Bews ( 20 August 1856 - -29 March 1945 ) was a New Zealand school principal and educationalist .
Promode Ranjan Chaudhury ( 1904 -- September 28 , 1927 ) was a Bengali revolutionary who fought against British rule in India .
Gerald Hensley CNZM , ( born 4 December 1935 in Christchurch ) , is a former New Zealand diplomat and public servant .
Sid Rainey ( born in 1968 in Sligo , Ireland ) is an Irish musician and television producer .
James Whyte Kelly ( 1855 - -1938 ) was a 19th - century New Zealand politician , initially of the Liberal Party but later an Independent Liberal .
Joël Quiniou ( born November 17 , 1950 ) is a former football ( soccer ) referee from France .
René Menzies was born in Caen , France , of French and Scottish descent .
Absolon Stumme ( died 1499 ) was a Late Gothic painter from Northern Germany who worked in Hamburg .
Eugène Diomi Ndongala Nzomambu ( born 1962 ) is a wealthy millionaire politician from the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Jasmin Moranjkić ( born October 11 , 1983 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer that plays for Radnički Lukavac in the First League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Afric Simone ( born Henrique Simone , 17 July 1956 ) is a singer , musician , and entertainer from Mozambique .
Javier Castrilli ( born May 22 , 1957 ) is a former football referee from Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Born in Irvine , North Ayrshire , Scotland , Simon Neil formed Biffy Clyro in 1995 at 15 years old recruiting Kilmarnock - born James Johnston and someone known only as Barry on bass and drums respectively , calling themselves Screwfish .
Carlo Marchione is a classical guitarist from Italy and was born in Rome , Italy in 1964 .
Shaun Koen was born into a family of athletes in Port Elizabeth , South Africa , the son of promoter and multi - time All - Africa Heavyweight Champion Jackie Koen .
Sir Charles Lyttelton , 3rd Baronet ( 1628 -- 2 May 1716 ) was an English Governor of Jamaica , an army officer and MP from the Lyttelton family .
Lamia Ziadé ( Born in Beirut , Lebanon , 1968 ) is a Lebanese illustrator and visual artist .
Maztek aka Matteo Cavo is a drum and bass neurofunk producer born in Rome , Italy .
Yuya ( sometimes Iouiya , also known as Yaa , Ya , Yiya , Yayi , Yu , Yuyu , Yaya , Yiay , Yia , and Yuy ) was a powerful Egyptian courtier during the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt ( circa 1390 BC ) .
Tomás Parra ( born 1937 , Mexico City ) is a Mexican artist , cultural promoter and museum curator .
Poonam Raut ( born 14 October 1989 ) is a cricketer who has played in one Test cricket , 28 women 's one - day internationals and 27 Twenty20 internationals for India .
Toshie Negishi ( 根岸季衣 , born 3 February 1954 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese film and television actress .
The progressive Maria Aletta Hulshoff returned to the Netherlands in 1820 to take on further political activities .
Jean Muller was born in Luxembourg City , the son of Gary Muller , a piano teacher .
Eladio Martínez was born in Paraguarí , Paraguay , on May 19 , 1912 , son of Lorenzo Martínez and Nicolasa Benítez .
Karl Temata ( born 12 July 1978 in Whangarei , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand rugby league player .
Muhammad Rasool ( born on january 1 , 1985 ) is a Pakistani professional footballer who plays for Karachi Electric and the Pakistan National team .
Hans Wilhelm König ( born 13 May 1912 in Stuttgart -- date of death unknown ) was an SS doctor assigned to the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II . König was a medical service officer who often observed the experiments of Josef Mengele , reporting to various medical firms and authorities in Nazi Germany .
Günter Bartusch ( April 13 , 1943 -- July 8 , 1971 ) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the former East Germany .
NYCCA was born in Hong Kong , and moved to Japan when he was ten , later attending college in New York .
Rito Romero Loza ( May 19 , 1927 - January 18 , 2001 ) was a successful luchador who wrestled in Mexico and in the NWA territories of Texas and Los Angeles .
Dinesha Devnarain ( born 12 November 1988 ) is an international cricketer who has made 13 One Day International and 10 Twenty20 International appearances for South Africa national women 's cricket team in 2008 .
Babette Brown ( born in South Africa ) is a writer on race and diversity issues in the United Kingdom .
Roman Werfel , born 1906 , Lwów , died 2003 , Great Britain , was a Jewish communist apparatchik in communist Poland , active during the reign of Stalinism in the People 's Republic of Poland .
Willem Kroesbergen ( born 1943 , The Netherlands ) has been a harpsichord builder for over 40 years .
José Ignacio de Juana Chaos ( born 1955 in Gipuzkoa , Spain ) , better known as Iñaki de Juana Chaos , is a member of the Basque separatist group ETA .
Sir Eardley Max Bingham QC , known as Max Bingham , ( born 18 March 1927 ) is a former Deputy Premier and Opposition Leader of Tasmania , who represented the electorate of Denison for the Liberal Party of Australia in the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1969 to 1984 .
Kai Johan Jiang ( born 1965 ) is a Swedish - Chinese businessman and company operator with business interests in Sweden and China .
Johan Frederik von Marschalck ( 26 November 1618 -- 16 March 1679 ) was a German - born landowner and Chancellor of Norway .
Jafar Irismetov ( Russian : Джафар Ирисметов ) ( born 23 August 1976 ) is a former Uzbekistan footballer and coach .
S. A. Jayantha Samaraweera is a Sri Lankan politician and member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
Gilbert Choombe ( born 7 March 1992 in Choma , Zambia ) is a Zambian boxer .
Saint Beatus of Liébana ( c. 730 -- c. 800 ) was a monk , theologian and geographer from the former Duchy of Cantabria and Kingdom of Asturias , in modern Cantabria , northern Spain , who worked and lived in the Picos de Europa mountains of the region of Liébana .
Edgar Honetschläger , born in Austria , spent four years in the USA , 12 years in Japan , three years in Italy and one in Brazil .
Ali Rıza Pasha ( Turkish : Ali Rıza Paşa , 1860 - -1932 ) was one of the last grand viziers of the Ottoman Empire , under the reign of the last Ottoman sultan Mehmed VI Vahdeddin , between 14 October 1919 and 2 March 1920 .
Sheikh Mahmud Barzanji ( Kurdish : شێخ مه‌حموود بەرزنجی‎ ) or Mahmud Barzinji ( 1878 -- October 9 , 1956 ) was the leader of a series of Kurdish uprisings against the British Mandate of Iraq .
Alan Brahmst ( born September 27 , 1965 in Hamburg , Germany ) is a former international and Olympic field hockey player from Canada .
Cornald Maas is a Dutch television presenter who has been known for presenting talk shows in the Netherlands .
Alfred Putnam ( September 8 , 1836 -- October 12 , 1904 ) was a ship builder and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Lê Văn Duyệt ( 1763 or 1764 -- 3 July 1832 ) was a Vietnamese general who helped Nguyễn Ánh -- the future Emperor Gia Long -- put down the Tây Sơn rebellion , unify Vietnam and establish the Nguyễn Dynasty .
Mary Morison Webster ( 1894 - -1980 ) was a Scottish born novelist and poet who came to South Africa with her family in 1920 .
Juan Danilo Santacruz González ( born 12 June 1995 ) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Libertad and the Paraguay national under-20 football team .
Dorothea von Rodde - Schlözer ( née Schlözer ; 18 August 1770 -- 12 July 1825 ) was a German scholar and the first woman to receive a doctor of philosophy degree in Germany .
Marian Kasprzyk ( born September 22 , 1939 in Kielce , Poland ) is a former Polish welterweight boxer .
Charles L. Smith ( 1853 -- ? ) was a political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Heinrich von Ahaus ( in Dutch Hendrik van Ahuis ) ( 1371 - -1439 ) was the founder of the Brethren of the Common Life in Germany .
Matthew Hassan Kukah ( born 31 August 1952 in Kulu , Nigeria ) is the current Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sokoto .
Víctor Manuel Barceló Rodriguez ( born 1936 in Emiliano Zapata , Tabasco ) is a Mexican politician and former Interim Governor of Tabasco , Mexico .
Jayalal Rohana is a Theater Director , Writer , Actor , Makeup Artist And Sinhala Radio Play writer in Sri Lanka .
M.anifest won Best Rapper of the Year and Hip - Hop Song of the Year at the 2013 Ghana Music Awards after having been nominated twice in 2012 and thrice in 2013 .
P. Rajendran ( Malayalam : പി രാജേന്ദ്രൻ ) ( born 28 August 1949 ) was a member of the 13th as well as 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Klaus Niedzwiedz ( born February 24 , 1951 in Dortmund , Germany ) is a former professional race driver and motoring journalist .
Sixten Kai Nielsen ( born 1978 in Denmark ) is a Danish artist , living and working in Copenhagen .
Nuru Sulley ( born 11 June 1992 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays for Hearts of Oak in the Ghana Premier League , and the Ghana national football team , as a centre - back or defensive midfielder .
Helmut Haller ( 21 July 1939 -- 11 October 2012 ) was a German footballer who represented West Germany at three World Cups .
Ahmed el Inglizi ( `` Ahmed the English '' ) , also Ahmed El Alj or Ahmed Laalaj ( `` Ahmed the Renegade '' ) , was an English renegade architect and engineer who worked for the Sultan of Morocco Mohammed ben Abdallah in the 18th century .
Marie Louise de Rohan ( Marie Louise Geneviève ; 7 January 1720 -- 4 March 1803 ) , also known as Madame de Marsan , was the governess of Louis XVI of France and his siblings .
When she was young , her family moved to Mali , but being unable to adapt to the hot climate , Maimuna moved in with her grandmother in Mogilev , Belarus , where she was raised .
Ion Dosca is 15 times national champion of Moldova in Russian checkers , and he also won the American Pool Checkers Association championships in 2000 .
Sigurd Risting ( 13 May 1870-Oct 14 , 1935 ) was born in the district of Sunnfjord in Norway .
José Jaime Maussan Flota ( born May 31 , 1953 ) is a Mexican journalist and Mexico 's leading ufologist .
Conrad Weidenhammer ( January 27 , 1866 -- January 19 , 1919 ) was a farmer and provincial level politician from Alberta , Canada .
Vittorio Miele survived and he went to Northern Italy .
Guillermo Gaviria Correa ( November 27 , 1962 , Medellín -- May 5 , 2003 ) was the state governor of Antioquia , a province of over 6 million people in northwestern Colombia .
Dr. Oszkár Gerde , who was Jewish , was born July 8 , 1883 , in Budapest , Hungary .
Kerstin Knabe ( born Claus on 7 July 1959 in Oschatz , Saxony ) is a former German athlete , who ran for East Germany .
Biljana Topić née Mitrović , ( Serbian Cyrillic : Биљана Топић , born on October 17 , 1977 in Šabac , Yugoslavia , now Serbia ) is a retired Serbian triple jumper .
Alfredo Carrasco Candil ( Culiacan , 4 May 1875 - Mexico City , 31 December 1945 ) , was a Mexican composer .
Manish Bhargav ( born 22 February 1994 in Kolkata , India ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a winger for Mohun Bagan in the I - League .
Mansfield Rangi ( 1936 -- 14 February 1987 ) was a New Zealand cricket umpire .
Perugu Siva Reddy ( 12 September 1920 -- 6 September 2005 ) was a renowned eye surgeon from Andhra Pradesh , India .
Dan Voiculescu was one of the richest men in Romania , with a fortune estimated at 1.5 - 1.6 billion euros , according to Top 300 Richest Romanian People launched by the Capital magazine on October 2009 .
William Lee Rees ( 16 December 1836 -- 18 May 1912 ) was an English - born New Zealand cricketer , politician and lawyer .
Charles McQueen ( 17 April 1836 - -30 May 1906 ) was a New Zealand engineer and gold - dredger .
Jan Abel Wassenbergh ( 18 January 1689 , Groningen -- ca . 20 July 1750 , Groningen ) , was an 18th - century painter from the Northern Netherlands .
John Walter Scott Biggar ( March 21 , 1843 -- July 3 , 1897 ) was an Ontario , Canada farmer and political figure .
Yannis Papathanasiou ( Greek : Γιάννης Παπαθανασίου ) ( born January 1 , 1954 ) is a Greek politician , former Minister for Economy and Finance of Greece .
Michael Langley ( born 12 August 1987 ) was a prominent child actor from New Zealand .
Eimuntas Nekrošius ( born November 21 , 1952 in Pažobris village , Raseiniai district municipality ) is one of the most renowned theatre directors in Lithuania .
Kathleen Alcalá ( born 29 August 1954 ) is the author of a short - story collection , three novels set in the American Southwest and nineteenth - century Mexico , and a collection of essays .
Stéphan Rizon ( born February 24 , 1987 in Agen , France ) is a French singer who in 2012 won the inaugural season of The Voice : la plus belle voix , the French version of the international The Voice reality television series .
Shri Madhavnath Maharaj ( 1857 - -1936 ) was a Hindu saint , of Karvi , Chitrakoot , Madhya Pradesh , who continued the Nath Sampradaya of the famous Navnaths in India .
Gustavo Bergalli ( born December 14 , 1940 in Buenos Aires . Argentina ) is an Argentine jazz trumpeter and bandleader .
Ahmad Deeb made 1 appearance for the Syria national football team during the qualifying rounds of the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
Colin Bell MBE ( 26 February 1946 ) , is an English former football player who was born in Hesleden , County Durham , England .
Elijah Kolawole Ogunmola or Kola Ogunmola ( Nov. 11 , 1925 , Okemesi - Ekiti , Ekiti State , Nigeria - 1973 ) was a Nigerian dramatist , actor , mime , director , and playwright .
Siegfried Mehnert ( born 3 March 1963 in Schenkenberg , Delitzsch , Saxony ) is a former amateur boxer from East Germany .
Claude Dablon ( February 1618 -- May 3 , 1697 ) was a Jesuit missionary , born in Dieppe , France .
Georgios Zoitakis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Ζωιτάκης , January 1910 -- 21 October 1996 ) was a Greek Army general and regent of Greece from 13 December 1967 to 21 March 1972 , during the period of the military regime of the Colonels .
Emmanuel Lucero born November 3 , 1978 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal , Mexico ) is a current Mexican professional Super Featherweight boxer .
David Jubermann ( born 4 February 1982 ) is a New Zealand writer and the author of Shiftlight , Drift Race . , Just Us and Hypercar .
Visa Mäkinen ( born 28 March 1945 in Pori , Finland ) is a Finnish film director , film producer , actor and screen writer .
Fritz Hauser is a Swiss musician and composer from Basel , Switzerland .
Indira Neville ( born 1973 ) is a New Zealand comics artist , community organiser , musician and educationalist .
Eduardo Avelino Magaña Poot ( born 10 March 1984 ) is an athlete from Mexico .
Saint Ghislain ( died October 9 , 680 ) was a confessor and anchorite in Belgium .
Fujiwara no Moroane was a Japanese noblewoman and sister - in - law of Emperor Kanmu of Japan .
Born in France , Catherine Cesarsky was largely raised in Argentina and received a degree in Physical Sciences at the University of Buenos Aires .
Ferenc Salbert ( born 5 August 1960 ) is a retired pole vaulter who represented France after switching from Hungary .
Bishop Mariano Vivanco Valiente ( 3 April 1933 in San Antonio de los Baños , Cuba - 23 August 2004 in Matanzas , Cuba ) was Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Matanzas ( 1987 - -2004 ) .
William O. Jenkins ( 1878 - -1963 ) was an American businessman who made great wealth in Mexico .
Nikos Kousidis ( Greek : Νίκος Κουσίδης ; born 3 January 1993 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Irodotos in the Football League 2 ( Greece ) , as a winger .
Even Thorsen was born at the Bjornes farm at Austre Moland ( now Moland ) , in Arendal in Aust - Agder , Norway .
Frederick Templeton Manheim Kissel ( 27 March 1881 - -15 July 1962 ) was a New Zealand engineer and engineering administrator .
Nataliya Kyshchuk ( original name : Наталія Кищук ; Also written as : Natalya Kishchuk or Наталья Кищук ; born 27 May 1968 ) is a former road cyclist from Ukraine .
Joel Shepherd ( born 1974 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is an Australian science fiction author .
Ferdinand Schjelderup ( 8 March 1886 -- 30 July 1955 ) was a Norwegian mountaineer , Supreme Court Justice and resistance member during the German occupation of Norway .
El Soberano or Soberano Jr. ( born August 12 , 1993 in Torreón , Coahuila , Mexico ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) portraying a tecnico ( `` Good guy '' ) wrestling character .
Morita Fukui ( July 14 , 1885 -- December 27 , 1965 ) was the first Commissioner of Baseball in Japan .
Slavko Kvaternik ( 25 August 1878 -- 7 June 1947 ) was one of the founders of the Ustaša movement , and one of the persons most directly responsible for the Holocaust in Independent State of Croatia .
Norma Ray ( legal name Sylvie N'Doumbé ) is a French singer / songwriter born March 21 , 1970 in Saint - Étienne , France .
Jochen Figge ( born 1947 ) is a German professional football coach who has managed the national teams of a number of countries , including Guinea , Zambia , Trinidad and Tobago , and Ethiopia .
Rob Pilatus was born in Munich , Germany , the son of an American soldier and a German mother .
Silence Mabuza ( born 18 September 1977 in Tsakane , South Africa ) is a professional boxer in the bantamweight ( 118 lb ) division , and as of 6 Jan. 2008 , is a former two time holder of the International Boxing Organization 's world Bantamweight title .
Pedro Nolasco Cruz Vergara , Molina ( Chile ) , April 18 , 1857 --
In 2006 , Hsin held two solo concerts in Taiwan on 30 June and 1 July , called Winnie Hsin `` The Promise '' Concert .
Leonard John Cronin ( 16 November 1900 - -1 November 1976 ) was a New Zealand journalist , editor and publisher .
Christine Mayr - Lumetzberger ( born 1956 in Linz , Austria ) is a teacher and former Benedictine nun who was excommunicated from the Roman Catholic Church when she and six others were ordained as priests by an Independent Catholic bishop in 2002 , called herself a Roman Catholic priest and refused to recant .
Based in Australia and the UK until recently , Meaghan Davies has worked on a variety of projects including the new animation series of Bananas in Pyjamas ( Series 1 and 2 ) where she voices Thomasina the Turtle .
Dallas Mead is a New Zealand former professional wrestler and rugby league player who played professionally for Warrington .
Jeremy Burgess ( 16 April 1953 in Adelaide Hills , South Australia ) , is an Australian motorcycle racing chief mechanic , having worked with three world champions :
His Most Reverend Nicolas M. Mondejar was born on the 15th of September 1924 in the municipality of Cabatuan in Iloilo in the Philippines .
Graham Faulkner ( born 26 September 1947 in London , England , United Kingdom ) is a British former actor .
Tommi Liimatta ( born 14 January 1976 in Kemi , Finland ) is a musician , writer and a poet most famous for being the singer , songwriter and lyricist for the rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste .
Jean - François Breau ( born 29 July 1978 , in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter of Acadian origin .
Nisar Ahmad Kakru ( born 26 October 1949 Baramulla , Kashmir , India ) was the Chief Justice of the High Court of Andhra Pradesh , India from 19 February 2010 to 26 October 2011 .
Ryan Dolan ( born 22 July 1985 ) is an pop singer from Strabane in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Professor Mahmoud Behzad ( Persian : محمود بهزاد ‎ , b. 1913 - d. 2007 ) , born in Rasht , the capital city of Gilan province , is known as the father of new Biology science in Iran .
The achievements of Volodymyr Kudryavtsev have been recognized by the Ukrainian Government : he was awarded the title of `` Recognized Artist of Ukraine '' as well as a Presidential Honorary Certificate `` For his personal contribution to the development of the Ukrainian state and strengthening of its independence . ''
Schuyler Shibley ( March 19 , 1820 -- December 18 , 1890 ) was an Ontario businessman and political figure in Upper Canada .
Mikayl Arreola ( born July 2 , 1988 , in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico ) , is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Featherweight division .
Sergi Gvarjaladze ( Georgian : სერგი გვარჯალაძე ) ( born November 13 , 1967 ) is a TV and radio presenter , film director , producer and musician in Georgia .
Mieczysław Halka - Ledóchowski , ( 29 October 1822 -- 22 July 1902 ) was born in Górki ( near Sandomierz ) in Russian controlled Congress Poland to Count Josef Ledóchowski and Maria Zakrzewska .
Brian Sergent ( born 29 December 1959 ) is an actor born and based in Wellington , New Zealand .
Mariela Castro Espín ( born July 27 , 1962 ) is the director of the Cuban National Center for Sex Education in Havana and an activist for LGBT rights in Cuba .
Ulla Weigerstorfer ( born Ulrike Weigerstorfer 28 November 1967 in Bad Aussee , Styria , Austria ) is an Austrian TV Host , model and beauty queen who won the 1987 Miss World pageant in London , United Kingdom , representing Austria .
Nasimi Aghayev ( Azerbaijani : Nəsimi Ağayev ) is the Consul General of Azerbaijan in Los Angeles .
William Wongso ( born William Wirjaatmadja Wongso , 12 April 1947 Malang , Indonesia ) is a culinary expert from Indonesia , specializing in Asian and European cuisine .
Matthias Höfs ( born 1965 in Lübeck , Germany ) is a German trumpeter .
Pauline Krikke will remain on the board of the Netherlands Red Cross and a member of the Dutch Delegation in the Governing Board of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies ( IFRC ) .
Malcolm Licari ( born 18 April 1978 in Pietà , Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Rabat Ajax in the Maltese Premier League , where he plays as a striker , and also occasionally as a defender .
Léopold Louis Joubert was born at Saint - Herblon , France on 22 February 1842 .
Dácio Campos ( born 18 December 1963 ) is a former professional tennis player from Brazil , and TV commentator .
Abdelilah Galal ( Arabic : عبدالإله جلال‎ ) ( born 20 January 1986 in Cairo , Egypt ) is an Egyptian footballer .
Charles Savory ( 23 March 1889 -- 8 May 1915 ) was a New Zealand international rugby league footballer and champion boxer who died in the First World War .
Alphonse Lamola ( born c.1971 in Omeri , Gulu District , Northern Uganda ) is a soldier in the Lord 's Resistance Army of Joseph Kony operating in South Sudan and the Central African Republic .
Marcus Campbell ( born 22 September 1972 in Dumbarton , Scotland ) is a Scottish former professional snooker player .
Norbert Steger ( born 6 March 1944 ) is an Austrian lawyer and former politician for the Freedom Party of Austria ( FPÖ ) .
Daniel Herskedal ( born 2 April 1982 in Molde , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( tuba ) , known from playing with numerous ensembles and participating in several recordings .
Hedwick Wilhelmina McDonald ( 28 April 1893 - -5 October 1959 ) was a New Zealand racehorse trainer .
Farzaneh Rezasoltani ( born September 13 , 1985 ) is a cross - country skier competing for Iran .
Jennifer Anson ( born March 5 , 1977 in New York , United States ) is from the Republic of Palau .
Nils Christian Stenseth ( born 29 July 1949 in Fredrikstad , Norway ) is a biologist with a focus on ecology and evolution .
Carlos Sylvestre Begnis ( 30 August 1903 -- 22 September 1980 ) was a medical doctor and politician , born in Alto Grande , a village near Bell Ville , Córdoba province in Argentina .
Maxwell Francis Joseph Pereira - Kamath ( born October 3 , 1944 ) , popularly known as Maxwell Pereira , he retired as the Joint Police Commissioner in Delhi , India ( 2003 - 2004 ) .
Erdem Gündüz is a Turkish dancer , actor , performance artist , choreographer , and teacher who , as a result of his actions during the 2013 - -14 protests in Turkey , has become `` the face of the protest movement against the Turkish government . ''
Vadim Pisarev is a famous Ukrainian dancer , People 's Artist of Ukraine , Art Director of Donetsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre named after Solovyanenko , founder and director of international festival World Ballet Stars .
Mohamed Ramees ( born 8 November 1980 ) is a Sri Lankan footballer who is in the Sri Lanka national football team .
Mike Knapp , better known as Snap or Snapper , is a musician from Hamilton , New Zealand .
An Shigao ( Chinese : 安世高 ; pinyin : Ān Shìgāo ; Wade -- Giles : An Shih - kao , Korean : An Sego , Japanese : An Seikō ) ( fl . c. 148 - 180 CE ) was an early Buddhist missionary to China , and the earliest known translator of Indian Buddhist texts into Chinese .
Rajkumar Kohli ( born 14 September 1930 in Lahore , British India ) is an Indian film director .
Ivo Boscarol ( pron . Eevo Boscaról ) , born 15 April 1956 , is the founder and CEO of Pipistrel , a producer of ultralight and light aircraft , based in Ajdovščina , Slovenia .
Frequently investing in the public space , Xavier Veilhan has installed sculptures in various cities in France --
Steinunn Thorarinsdottir is a sculptor from Iceland whose exhibits have been showcased internationally including locations in the United States , Canada , the UK , Japan , and China .
Vahid Soroor ( Persian : وحید سرور ) ( born 1971 ) is a singer from Afghanistan .
Arthur Weber ( 3 August 1879 in Fechenheim , Germany - 7 June 1975 ) was a German doctor who studied electrocardiography , reentrant tachycardia , phonocardiography , radiography and their uses in diagnosing heart diseases .
Nwali Sylvester Ngwuta , CFR ( born 1951 ) is a Nigerian jurist and Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria .
Harry Borrer Kirk ( 9 March 1859 - -1948 ) was a New Zealand school inspector , biologist and university professor .
Peter Ellis Bean ( sometimes Ellis Peter Bean ; Spanish : Pedro Elias Bean ) ( June 8 ? , 1783 , Bean Station , Tennessee -- October 6 ? , 1846 , Veracruz ) was a United States filibuster in Texas and Mexico , and a Mexican revolutionary .
Silvia Fontana ( born December 3 , 1976 ) is a figure skater who represented Italy twice at the Winter Olympics .
Hiria Kokoro - Barrett ( 3 June 1870 - -1943 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader , craftswoman , mutton - birder .
Katrin Dörre - Heinig ( née Dörre , born 6 October 1961 in Leipzig , Sachsen ) is a former athlete from Germany , who competed mainly in the marathon .
Lieutenant General Abdul Ali Malik was a Pakistan Army engineer officer and a high - ranking military general .
Annie McVicar ( 4 November 1862 -- 26 February 1954 ) was a New Zealand community worker and local politician .
José María Torre ( born José María Torre Hutt on November 4 , 1977 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican actor and fashion designer who started his career at the age of five doing television commercials .
In Mexico today , La Malinche remains iconically potent .
Yang Changjun ( Chinese : 楊昌濬 ) was a Governor General in Qing dynasty China .
Hirawanu Tapu ( ? --1900 ) was a notable New Zealand Moriori leader .
Yolande Henderson ( January 14 , 1934 -- December 5 , 2015 ) was a high school teacher from Karachi , Pakistan .
Ignacy Łukasiewicz was born on 8 March 1822 in Zaduszniki , near Mielec , in the Austrian Empire ( after the partition of Poland ) as the youngest of five children .
Hugues Absil ( born 8 June 1961 , Paris , France ) is a French painter .
Mihai Bogdan Dobrescu ( born November 30 , 1976 in Ploieşti , Prahova ) is a boxer from Romania , who won the silver medal in the Men 's Flyweight ( -- 51 kg ) division at the 2000 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Tampere , Finland .
David Jewett ( June 17 , 1772 -- July 26 , 1842 ) is known for his role in the sovereignty dispute between the United Kingdom and Argentina .
Natalie Glebova ( Russian : Наталья Владимировна Глебова , born November 11 , 1981 ) is a Russian - Canadian TV Host , author , dancer , model and beauty queen who won Miss Universe Canada 2005 and later that year won Miss Universe 2005 in Thailand .
Martin Špegelj ( 11 November 1927 -- 11 May 2014 ) was the second Defense Minister of Croatia and , later , the chief of staff of the newborn Croatian army and inspector - general of the army .
Émile Barrière was an early twentieth - century French aviator , who played a major role in the early development commercial aviation in South America , rising to be director of Air France 's South American network at the age of thirty - one .
Jüri Raidla ( born 2 July 1957 in Estonia ) is an Estonian lawyer , managing partner of Raidla Lejins & Norcous ( one of the largest law firms in Estonia ) .
Shamistan Alizamanli ( born February 4 , 1959 ) is a military speaker of the Azerbaijan Republic , the author of patriotic songs , elocutionist and radio and television presenter .
Sultan Husayn ( also known as Soltan Hosayn and Soltan Hosein ) , ( October 1668 -- November 1726 ) ( Persian : شاه سلطان حسین‎‎ ) reigned 1694 - -1722 ; was a Safavid Shah of Iran ( Persia ) .
Majeed Memon ( born 12 December 1945 ) is an Indian Politician and Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha of India from Maharashtra .
Raymond Collishaw was born at Nanaimo , British Columbia , Canada , on 22 November 1893 .
José Ensch ( born October 7 , 1942 in Luxembourg City - died there February 4 , 2008 ) was a Luxembourgian poet .
Challenges to Political Parties : the Case of Norway ( 1996 ) Knut Heidar and Lars Svåsand ( ed . ) :
Muhammad Nuh ( born 17 June 1959 in Surabaya ) is the former Minister of Education and Culture of Indonesia in the Second United Indonesia Cabinet of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono .
Reza Fayazi ( in Persian : رضا فیاضی ) , director , actor , born in 1953 , Ahvaz , Iran .
Antoine Blanc was born in Sury , near Sury - le - Comtal , then in the Department of Rhône - et - Loire , France .
Giancarlo Polidori ( born 30 October 1943 in Sassoferrato , Italy ) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Nikos Kourellas ( born 22 April 1993 in Grevena , Greece ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Kavala F.C. in the Football League ( Greece ) as a Midfielder .
Born in Berne , Switzerland , Arnold Klebs , the son of renowned bacteriologist Edwin Klebs , was raised in the presence of an extensive array of scientists , artists and historians .
Fernando Sáenz Lacalle ( born 16 November 1932 ) was the tenth Bishop and sixth Archbishop of San Salvador , El Salvador .
Norfalia Carabalí Villegas ( born 21 January 1964 in Santander de Quilichao , Colombia ) is a retired sprinter who competed predominately in the 400 metres .
Péter Medgyessy ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈpeːtɛr ˈmɛɟːɛʃi ) ; born 19 October 1942 , in Budapest ) is a Hungarian politician and was the fifth Prime Minister of the Republic of Hungary from 27 May 2002 until 29 September 2004 .
Kal P. Dal or Karl ( Carl - Göran ) Ljunggren ( 28 January 1949 , Arlöv -- 18 January 1985 ) was a rock musician from Arlöv in Scania ( in Sweden ) .
Michal Ďuriš ( born 1 June 1988 ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for Viktoria Plzeň and the Slovakia national football team .
Azam Khan Swati ( Pashto : اعظم خان سواتی‎ ) ( born 22 June 1956 ) is a Pakistani politician and a millionaire businessman who served as the Federal Minister for Science and Technology and member of Senate of Pakistan from 2006 to 2011 .
As a child , Vincent Perrot used to listen to the radio France Bleu Limousin , in which a program about the cinema was broadcast .
Valerius de Saedeleer was born in Aalst , Belgium as the son of a small businessman who operated a soda and soap making factory .
Luciana Paluzzi ( born 10 June 1937 , Rome , Italy ) is an Italian actress .
Sansuma Khunggur Bwiswmuthiary ( Bodo : संसुमा खंगर बासुमतारी born 1 January 1960 ) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Sjoerd Hamburger ( born 8 February 1983 in Oldeberkoop ) is a rower from the Netherlands , who competes in the single scull .
Hiroshi Oguchi ( sometimes spelled as Ohguchi ) was born in Kawaguchi Japan , November 28 , 1950 .
Anindya Chatterjee ( Bengali : অনিন্দ্য চট্টোপাধ্যায় ) is a popular Bengali singer , lyricist , composer , and actor based in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Frances Hagell Smith ( 1877 - -1948 ) was a notable New Zealand missionary teacher and welfare worker .
Booba is also the creator of a streetwear brand , Ünkut , the most popular brand of this type in France .
Ekkapan Suratsawang ( Thai เอกพันธ์ สุรัตน์สว่าง ) , is a Thai futsal Striker , and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team .
Michael Lafferty ( born in Kilvaloon , Ballaghaderreen , County Roscommon , Ireland on 17 July 1950 ) was a Financial Times journalist and is now the Chairman of Lafferty Group and former co - chairman of Official Monetary and Financial Institutions Forum ( OMFIF ) .
Rikke Helms was born in 1948 in Skive , Denmark to Dr Peder Georg Helms ( 1920 - -2005 ) , a physician , and Sara ( née Tønnesen ) Helms ( 1911 - -1999 ) ; she has two brothers .
Vicente Salias ( March 23 , 1776 -- September 17 , 1814 ) was a Venezuelan doctor , journalist , and writer who wrote Venezuela 's `` Gloria al Bravo Pueblo '' `` Glory to the Brave People . ''
Kevin Malloy ( born 1965 ) is an advertising executive currently based in Auckland , New Zealand but with international roles .
Paul Robichaud ( born May 6 , 1964 in Tracadie , New Brunswick ) is a politician in the province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Sara Corner is an Indian beauty pageant contestant who won Miss India World in 2001 and represented India at Miss World 2001 .
Hubert Hahne ( born March 28 , 1935 ) is a former racing driver from Germany .
Li Siguang ( Chinese : 李四光 ; pinyin : Lǐ Sìguāng ; 1889 - -1971 ) , born Li Zhongkui , is the founder of China 's geomechanics .
Condetto Nénékhaly - Camara ( 1930 - -1972 ) was a poet and playwright from Guinea .
Gertrud Rask ( the parish register records her as Gjertrud Nilsdatter Rasch ) was born at Kvæøya , Troms , Norway , the third of six children of Niels Nielsen Rasch ( 1641 - -1704 ) und Nille Nilsdatter ( d. 1716 ) .
Donna Ong ( born 1978 ) is a Singapore - based , Singaporean - artist .
Arif Pašalić ( 31 August 1943 -- 26 April 1998 ) was a Bosnian military officer who commanded the 4th Corps of the Army of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( ARBIH ) during the Bosnian War .
Peter Denahy ( born 1972 ) is an entertainer from Yackandandah , Victoria , Australia .
Zeina Abirached ( born in 1981 in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese illustrator and comic artist .
Saint Gall , Gallen , or Gallus ( c. 550 -- c. 646 ) according to hagiographic tradition was a disciple and one of the traditional twelve companions of Saint Columbanus on his mission from Ireland to the continent .
Mehran Rajabi ( Persian : مهران رجبی‎ ) , born December 31 , 1961 in Varian , Alborz Province , Iran ) is an Iranian actor .
Klaus Simon was born in Überlingen am Bodensee , Germany , and studied music , German and geography at Albert - Ludwigs - Universität in Freiburg .
Ivo Štakula ( February 25 , 1923 -- October 26 , 1958 ) was a Croatian water polo player who represented Croatia and Yugoslavia nationally and was a long - time player for VK Jug Dubrovnik .
J. Graham Miller ( October 1913 -- 6 September 2008 ) was a New Zealand - Australian pastor and missionary .
Dangun Wanggeom or Tangun was the legendary founder of Gojoseon , the first ever Korean kingdom , around present - day Liaoning , Manchuria , and the northern part of Korean Peninsula .
Francisco Antonino Vidal ( May 14 , 1825 -- February 7 , 1889 ) was born in San Carlos , Uruguay , in Maldonado Department , and was a senator and two - time president of Uruguay .
Oleksandr Sytnik ( born 7 July 1984 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who recently played for Kapaz in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Max Carr is an athlete from New Zealand who competed in two Commonwealth Games .
Alec Bathgate is a New Zealand musician who was a key member of The Enemy and Toy Love , as well as being one half of Flying Nun Records act Tall Dwarfs alongside Chris Knox .
In Italy , Margie Santimaria represents Atlectica Bellinzago and Gruppi Sportivi Polizia di Stato Fiamme d'Oro .
Hélène Binet was born in 1959 in Sorengo , Switzerland to Swiss and French parents .
Bruce Muller ( born 24 February 1989 in Klerksdorp , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with club side Rustenburg Impala .
Halim Mersini ( born 22 September 1961 in Vlorë ) is an Albanian former football football player who played for Shkëndija Tiranë , 17 Nëntori Tirana and the Albania national team .
Rukmini Sukarno Kline ( born around 1943 ) is a daughter of President Sukarno of Indonesia .
Eduardo Quiles ( born 12 April 1940 in Valencia , Spain ) is a playwright and writer .
Koo Nimo ( born Kwabena Boa - Amponsem on 3 October 1934 , baptized Daniel Amponsah ) is a leading folk musician of Palm wine music or Highlife music from Ghana .
James Rolland ( 1802 - -1889 ) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 8 July 1865 to 24 January 1866 , when he resigned .
Hojatoleslam Hassan Sane'i is a governmental official of Iran who is a member of the Expediency Discernment Council .
Jimmi Bredahl ( born 26 August 1967 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) , aka Jimmy Bredahl , is a former professional boxer .
Lee Henderson is a Canadian writer , the author of The Broken Record Technique ( Penguin Canada 2002 ) , The Man Game ( Penguin Canada , August 2008 ) , and The Road Narrows As You Go ( Hamish Hamilton , 2014 ) .
In the years following the collapse of the UWA Brazo de Platino became a regular on the Mexican independent circuit , especially around Mexico City , oftentimes teaming with Súper Brazo and Brazo Cibernético until the death of Brazo Cibernético in 1999 .
Ashok Chundunsing was the coach of the Mauritius national football team in 1998 and 2007 - 2008 .
Alec Taschereau ( born 17 June 1993 in Toronto ) is a water polo player of Canada .
Elizabeth Whitmere is a Canadian actress working in the United States and Canada .
Raymond Aubrac 's parents , whom he had tried unsuccessfully to convince to leave for Switzerland , were arrested in France , deported to Auschwitz Concentration Camp by convoy No . 66 on 20 January 1944 and died there .
René Magritte was born in Lessines , in the province of Hainaut , Belgium , in 1898 .
Gabrielle de Coignard ( 1550?--1586 ) was a Toulousaine devotional poet in 16th century France .
Charles Stephen Reeves ( 1836 - -1912 ) was a prominent New Zealand businessman and former Mayor of Dunedin .
Bojan Kraut ( April 12 , 1908 -- August 22 , 1991 ) was a Slovene mechanical engineer who wrote `` Strojniški Priročnik '' ( English : `` Mechanical Engineering Handbook '' ) , a well - known reference text from former Yugoslavia .
Roy Keith Binney ( 13 April 1885 - -28 October 1957 ) was a New Zealand architect and soldier .
Surinder Singh Nijjar ( born 7 June 1949 ) is a former judge of the Supreme Court of India .
A national holiday in Costa Rica , Juan Santamaría Day , is held every April 11 to commemorate his death .
Rubén Pardo Estevez ( born June 18 , 1979 , in Mexico City ) , is a Mexican professional stock car racing driver .
Akbar Abdi ( Persian : اکبر عبدی‎‎ , born 26 August 1960 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian actor and comedian .
Brigadier General Tafari Benti ( 1921 - -1977 ) was the Head of State of Ethiopia ( 28 November 1974 -- 3 February 1977 ) , and chairman of the Derg , the ruling junta .
Xenia Seeberg ( birthname Anke Wesenberg , born 4 April 1972 in Geldern , West Germany ) is a film and television actress .
Tara Hunt ( born July 15 , 1973 in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada ) is an author , speaker and startup founder .
Carlos Biggeri ( 1908 - -1965 ) was an Argentine mathematician who won several prestigious awards including the Association of Culture of Argentina , the Faculty of Science of Madrid ( Spain ) and the Institution Mitre
Galeazzo Sabbatini ( 1597 - -1662 ) was an Italian composer and music theorist , born in Pesaro , Italy .
Laura Zapata ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈlauɾa ɣwaðaˈlupe saˈpata miˈɾanda ) ) ( born Laura Guadalupe Zapata - Miranda on 31 July 1956 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican telenovela actress , singer and dancer .
Adamu Ciroma ( born 20 November 1934 in Potiskum , Yobe State ) is a Nigerian politician and former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria .
Ralph Duncan James ( 1909 , Liverpool , England -- 19 May 1979 , Salt Spring Island , British Columbia , Canada ) was a Canadian mathematician working on number theory and mathematical analysis .
Vasant Sarwate ( Devanagari : वसंत सरवटे ) is a cartoonist and a writer from India who has been published primarily in Marathi publications .
Johan Martial ( born 30 May 1991 in Massy ) is a French football player who currently plays for Troyes AC . He is a France youth international having earned caps with both the under-18 and under-19 teams .
Stephanie Horner ( born March 19 , 1989 ) is a competition swimmer from Canada .
Simona Staicu ( born May 5 , 1971 in Băileşti , Romania ) is a Romanian - born Hungarian long - distance and marathon runner .
Zorica Jevremović Munitić ( born August 22 , 1948 in Ražanj , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian theatre and video director , playwright , choreographer , intermedia theorist ( film , television , animated film , comic strip ) , literary historian and feminist .
Piyush Gupta is a banker in Singapore .
Shawn Terry Cox ( born December 26 , 1974 ) is a boxer from Barbados best known for participating in the 2000 Olympics and for winning gold 2002 and silver at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games at light heavyweight .
Giacomo and Giovanni Battista Tocci were Dicephalic conjoined twins born in Locana , Italy , between 1875 and 1877 on either July 4 or October 4 .
Melissa Hannan ( born c. 1962 ) is an Australian actress , model , TV Host and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Australia in 1981 .
Sérgia Ribeiro da Silva , better known as Dadá ( Belém de São Francisco , Brazil April 25 , 1915 - Salvador , February 1994 ) was a Cangaço -- the only woman to take up arms on the side of Lampião .
Michael Suess ( born December 25 , 1963 in Munich , Germany ) is a German engineer .
Fernando Kalife ( Born January 12 , 1964 in Monterrey , Mexico ) is a Mexican film director , screenwriter , author , TV host and Corporate Advisor .
Te Paea Cherrington ( c.1878 - -30 September 1937 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader .
Avram Petronijević ( September 13 , 1791 -- April 22 , 1852 ) was a politician and several times Foreign Minister of the Principality of Serbia .
In 208 , Kong Rong spoke ill of Cao Cao before an emissary from Sun Quan , a warlord occupying southeast China .
Jirka Letzin ( born February 8 , 1971 in Neubrandenburg ) is a retired backstroke and medley swimmer from Germany .
Hans Dresig ( born January 31 , 1937 in Dölau near Halle ( Saale ) , Germany ) is a German Professor for Applied mechanics and Theory of Mechanisms and Machines .
Ishwar Modi ( born 12 December 1940 ) is an Indian Sociologist and a pioneer of leisure studies in India .
Muhamet Tartari is a poet and bard of Labëria region , Vlora district , Albania .
Emad Moteab ( Arabic : عماد متعب‎ ) ( born 20 February 1983 in Sharkia , Egypt ) is an Egyptian football striker .
Ban Mueang ( Thai : บานเมือง ) was a king of Sukhothai , an ancient kingdom in Thailand .
Juan Antonio Garcia Estrada ( 1895 - -1960 ) was an Argentine symphonic composer of a series of symphonic dances , among them the Ruralia Argentina .
George Cosmas Adyebo ( 18 June 1947 -- 19 November 2000 ) was a Ugandan politician and economist who was Prime Minister of Uganda from 1991 to 1994 .
Fred Dominelli is a Canadian businessman and municipal politician in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Jan Caspar Philips ( 1690 -- 1775 ) , was an engraver from the Northern Netherlands .
Kennedy Ihenacho has played for Roi Et FC in Thailand , Niger Tornadoes FC and Dolphins FC both in Nigeria .
Félix Toranzos ( born Oct. 30 , 1962 ) is a Paraguayan artist , architect and graphic designer , considered to be one of the most conspicuous representatives of the new generation of artists in Paraguay .
Park Sang - ha ( 박상하 ; born 4 April 1986 ) is a volleyball player from South Korea , who plays as for the Men 's National Team(2007 Summer Universiade ) .
Salote Mafileʻo Pilolevu Tuita , Lady Tuita ( born Salote Mafileʻo Pilolevu Tuku'aho ; on 14 November 1951 in Tuku'aho , Tonga ) is Princess Royal of Tonga and a member of the House of Tupou .
Hans Bollandsås also known as just Hans ( born in Melhus , Sør - Trøndelag , Norway on October 28 , 1980 ) is a Norwegian blues musician who won the Norwegian X Factor in 2010 .
Dregen ( born Andreas Tyrone Svensson on 12 June 1973 in Nässjö , Sweden ) is a Swedish musician best known as the former guitarist The Hellacopters and current guitarist of Backyard Babies and the newest member of Michael Monroe 's band , replacing Ginger as guitarist .
Isidore Fernandes ( born 2 January 1947 ) is the immediate past Bishop of the Diocese of Allahabad , India .
Camille Claudel was born in Fère - en - Tardenois , Aisne , in northern France , the second child of a family of farmers and gentry .
Yusufali Kechery ( Yūsaphali Kēccēri ; 16 May 1934 -- 21 March 2015 ) was a poet , film lyricist , film producer and director from Kerala , India .
Ahmad Nematollahi ( Persian : احمد نعمت‌الهی‎ , born 11 November 1993 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian football Defender , who currently plays for Saba Qom in Iran 's Premier League football .
Jan Kopp ( born 13 July 1971 ) in Pforzheim , Germany , is a German composer for contemporary music .
Bimal Jalan ( born 17 August 1941 ) is a former Governor of Reserve Bank of India and a nominated member of the Upper House of India 's Parliament , the Rajya Sabha during 2003 - -2009 .
The Ottoman Empire conferred the title `` Pasha '' on him in 1886 , and thereafter he was referred to as `` Emin Pasha '' .
Tan Kheng Seong ( Simplified Chinese : 陈庆祥 ) , better known by his stage name Ah Niu ( Chinese : 阿牛 ) , is a Malaysian Chinese singer in Malaysia and Singapore .
One of seven children , Josu Iriondo was born in Legazpi , Spain , to Rufino and Maria Leona ( née Zabaleta ) Iriondo .
Robin Faley ( born March 21 , 1965 ) is a Sierra Leonean politician and an outgoing member of Parliament of Sierra Leone from Kailahun District , representing Constituency 7 , which is made up of the town of Segbwema and its surrounding areas .
Rune has toured Denmark with `` Det Røde Show '' , `` Rune Klan Går Large '' , `` Det Blå Show '' and `` Det Stribede Show '' .
B. S. Nagesh , is currently the founder of TRRAIN- Trust for Retailers and Retail Associates of India .
Steffen Driesen ( born November 30 , 1981 in Düsseldorf ) is a backstroke swimmer from Germany , who competed in two consequentive Summer Olympics for his native country .
Aubert Vanderlinden is an international award winning ballet dancer and choreographer , he was born in 1985 , in Uccle , Belgium .
Anan Amornkiat is a Thai football coach with Thailand Division 1 League side Rayong United F.C ..
Albert Aalbers worked in the Netherlands between 1924 and 1930 and then migrated to the Dutch Indies after which he returned to the Netherlands in 1942 due to World War II and political circumstances following Indonesian independence .
Shri Mahendra Sahni ( d 6 Nov 2009 ) was an Indian politician of the Janata Dal ( United ) party who was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Bihar in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Teuta Topi - Mema ( born 13 June 1961 ) was the First Lady of Albania from 2007 to 2012 as the wife of former President Bamir Topi .
Peter Bromhead MNZM ( born 1933 ) is a New Zealand commercial interior designer , cartoonist and illustrator .
Josué Yoroba Guébo , or Josué Guébo , is an Ivorian acamedic , poet and short - story writer , born in Abidjan , Ivory Coast on July 21 , 1972 .
Colin George Atkins is a political activist in Manitoba , Canada .
Andrew Forman ( c. 1465 - -11 March 1521 ) was a Scottish diplomat and prelate who became Bishop of Moray in 1501 , Archbishop of Bourges in France , in 1513 , Archbishop of St Andrews in 1514 as well as being Commendator of several monasteries .
Moseline Daniels ( born 1 February 1990 ) is an international cricketer who has made 8 One Day International appearances and 16 Twenty20 International appearances for South Africa national women 's cricket team since her debut in 2010 .
Meenal Jain ( born 14 June 1985 in Indore , Madhya Pradesh , India ) was a top 6 finalist in the on - going reality show Indian Idol 2 on Indian Television .
Sam Lakeman was brought up in the village of Buckland Monachorum , near Yelverton , Devon , United Kingdom , with his brothers , fellow musicians Seth Lakeman and Sean Lakeman .
Ángel Sebastián Arce ( born 19 May 1980 in Santiago del Estero , Argentina ) is an Argentine tango dance and teacher .
Andrea Radonjić ( born in 1992 ) is a Montenegrin beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Montenegro Universe 2011 and represented her country in the 2012 Miss Universe .
Jackie Lewis ( born 1 November 1936 in Stroud , Gloucestershire ) is a British former racing driver , born in England to a Welsh family .
André Cypriano ( born in Piracicaba , São Paulo , Brazil on May 14 , 1964 ) is a documentary and fine art photographer , known for his photography of traditional lifestyles and practices of lesser known societies in remote corners of the world .
Michelle Dockrill is a former politician from Nova Scotia , Canada , who represented the riding of Bras d'Or in the House of Commons from 1997 to 2000 .
Ada Pilgrim ( 1867 - -1965 ) was a New Zealand healer .
Moustafa Ahmed Shebto ( Arabic : مصطفى أحمد شبتو‎ , born Patrick Cheboto on July 4 , 1986 in Kaproron , Uganda ) is a long distance runner now representing Qatar .
Leon Petrosjan ( Russian : Леон Аганесович Петросян ) ( born on December 18 , 1940 ) is a professor of Applied Mathematics and the Head of the Department of Mathematical Game theory and Statistical Decision Theory at the St. Petersburg University , Russia .
Kevin McLaughlin ( born 20 September 1984 ) is a retired professional rugby union player from Ireland .
Bjørg Eva Jensen ( born 15 February 1960 ) is a speed skater from Norway .
Matteo Darmian ( Italian pronunciation : ( matˈtɛo darˈmjan ) ; born 2 December 1989 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a full - back for Premier League club Manchester United and the Italy national team .
Demetris Th . Gotsis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Θ. Γκότσης ) is a Greek poet and author residing in Cyprus .
Rustico Torrecampo ( born 1 August 1972 in Davao City , Philippines ) is a retired Filipino professional boxer notable for being the first fighter to defeat Manny Pacquiao .
Dr. Georg Ledderhose was a German surgeon , December 15 , 1855 , Bockenheim , Regierungsbezirk Wiesbaden , Germany --
João Guilherme was the captain of the Brazil under-17 team that won the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Cup , appearing in all Brazil 's matches and helping his team to win the trophy .
Fabio Biondi ( born 15 March 1961 in Palermo , Italy ) is an Italian violinist and conductor .
Kjell Höglund ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ɕelː høːɡlɵnd ) ; born December 8 , 1945 in Östersund , Sweden ) is a Swedish singer - songwriter .
Christian Minotti ( born May 12 , 1980 in Rome ) is a long - distance freestyle swimmer from Italy , who won the silver medal in the men 's individual 1500 metres freestyle event at the 2002 European Championships in Berlin , Germany .
Zepherinus Joseph ( born 13 August 1975 , in Mon Repos , Saint Lucia ) is a Saint Lucian athlete , specialising in middle and long distance events .
Prachya Hong - In ( Thai : ปรัชญา หงษ์อินทร์ , born June 14 , 1983 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Since 1959 Anatol Hrytskievich worked at the History Institute of the Academy of Sciences of Belarus , since 1975 as a dean at the Minsk Culture Institute , since 1996 as director of the Belarusian Institute of Central and Eastern Europe .
Malaikkottai Govindaswamy Pillai ( 1878 - 1931 ) was a noted exponent of violin in the Carnatic music system who lived in South India .
Andrew Haug ( born September 1973 ) is a radio announcer and heavy metal musician from Melbourne , Australia .
The Argentine writer César Aira , who wrote an essay on Copi , has given lectures on his works in the Ricardo Rojas Cultural Center and is credited with popularizing Copi in Argentina .
Dovydas Šakinis ( born July 2 , 1992 ) is a Lithuanian professional tennis player and a member of Lithuania Davis Cup team .
Anna - Maria Galojan ( born 23 February 1982 ) is an Estonian politician , known for her embezzlement conviction in Estonia , her exile in London , and extradition proceedings in the English courts .
Gavin Singh ( born 15 December 1987 ) is a Surinamese cricketer from Guyana .
Enoch Cook ( 23 April 1845 -- 14 April 1927 ) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire in 1878 and 1879 .
Breno Lorran da Silva Talvares ( born 6 March 1995 ) , or simply Breno , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Vitória de Guimarães , on loan from Grêmio .
Dave Windass , born in west Hull in 1965 , is an English playwright .
Erin McGraw ( born 1957 ) is an American author , known primarily for works of fiction , both short stories and novels .
Mohammed Murtuza Siddiqui ( 1935 -- October 4 , 2000 ) was born into a family of Islamic Theologians , Huffaz and scholars .
Babaji Palwankar Shivram ( 6 March 1878 -- 28 December 1941 ) was an Indian cricketer who was one of the most successful Dalit players for the Hindus cricket team in the Bombay Quadrangular competition .
Hugh Forth ( 6 July 1610 - 20 February 1676 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660 .
Donald Malone ( born 29 July 1985 ) is an Australian Rugby League Player for the North Queensland Cowboys in the NRL .
Kris Moore ( born 1981 ) is a FreeBSD developer and the founder of PC - BSD project .
Elizabeth Kuti ( born 1969 ) is an actress and playwright .
Shahin Afrassiabi , born 1963 in Tehran , is an artist .
Miriam Cabessa ( Born -- 1966 ) is an Israeli artist .
Major Karl - Erich Kühlenthal ( 1908 in Koblenz -- October 25 , 1975 ) was a German spy during World War II . He was one of the most senior Abwehr agents in Spain .
Ken Nagas ( born 18 June 1973 ) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Colonel General Amangeldy Shabdarbayev ( Kazakh : Шабдарбаев , Амангелді Смағұлұлы ) ; born on 1 August 1950 in Kaskelen district , Almaty Province , Kazakhstan ) served as the Chairman of the National Security Committee ( KNB ) from 2 March 2006 to 7 December 2009 .
Sir Francis Ley , 1st Baronet ( 3 January 1846 -- 27 January 1916 ) was an English industrialist .
Bridgette Jordan ( born June 9 , 1989 ) is the former smallest living woman according to Guinness World Records at 2 ft 3 in ( 69 cm ) .
Melissa Papworth ( born 18 June 1966 in Melbourne Victoria ) is an Australian former cricket player .
Willoughby Ions ( 1881 - 1977 ) was an American composer , artist , poet and dramatist .
Dejan Glavnik ( born 26 September 1975 in Celje , SR Slovenia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian extreme cyclist .
Gelibolulu Mustafa Âlî bin Ahmed bin Abdülmevlâ Çelebi ( born 1541 Gallipoli ; died 1600 in Jeddah ) was an Ottoman historian and bureaucrat of Croatian ancestry .
Ed Ordynski ( born 21 July 1957 ) is an Australian former rally driver .
Aliaksandr Paulavich Hleb ( Belarusian : Аляксандр Паўлавіч Глеб , pronounced ( alʲaˈksandar ɣlʲeb ) ; Russian : Александр Павлович Глеб ; born 1 May 1981 ) , commonly referred to in English as Alexander Hleb , is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for club Gençlerbirliği .
Hassan Arianfard ( Persian : حسن آریانفرد‎ , born 18 October 1948 ) also known as Hassan Fard is an Iranian former cyclist .
Diane Lamoureux ( born 20 October 1954 ) is a Canadian professor , essayist , and writer .
Tamás Gáspár ( born 19 July 1960 ) is a Hungarian wrestler and world champion in Greco - Roman wrestling .
Matthew Hopkins ( c. 1620 -- 12 August 1647 ) was an English witch - hunter whose career flourished during the time of the English Civil War .
Marinos Ouzounidis ( Greek : Μαρίνος Ουζουνίδης ) ( born 10 October 1968 ) is a Greek football manager and former football player .
David D. Kirkpatrick ( born 1970 ) is a reporter for The New York Times .
Karen Orlando ( born 1968 on Long Island , New York ) , is a Christian singer .
Jozef Van Hoorde ( Ghent , 12 October 1843 -- Ghent , ? ) was a Flemish writer .
Leila Al Solh ( born 1946 ) is the vice president of Alwaleed bin Talal Humanitarian Foundation and a former Lebanese minister of industry .
Simon Greer ( born 1968 ) is an American labor and community organizer and social change leader .
Adriano Fegic ( born 16 September 1956 ) is a retired Slovenian football player who played in striker role .
Dag Lyseid ( 12 February 1954 -- 2 January 2012 ) was a Norwegian footballer and politician for the Labour Party .
Bob Edmond ( born 29 December 1948 in Scotland ) is a former Australian sportsman who played Australian rules footballer with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1960s and won two Commonwealth Games silver medals in weightlifting .
Bhima Bai Holkar ( 17 September 1795 - 28 November 1858 ) , was a daughter of Yashwant Rao Holkar , Maharaja of Indore , and the elder sister of Malhar Rao Holkar II . In 1817 , Bhima Bai Holkar fought bravely against the British colonel Malcolm and defeated him in guerilla warfare .
Herman Witkam ( born 19 March 1985 ) is a Dutch composer and multi - instrumentalist , best known for his scores to motion pictures .
Lara Prior - Palmer ( born 24 June 1994 ) is a British adventurer and motivational speaker .
Scott Gumbleton ( born 3 August 1988 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon and Fremantle Football Clubs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
S. Shivaram ( born 1938 ) , popularly known simply as Shivaram or Shivaramanna , is an Indian actor , producer and director whose Kannada cinema career has spanned six decades .
Beg Ferati ( born 10 November 1986 in Pristina ) is a Swiss footballer of Kosovar Albanian descent who plays as a defender for FC Sion .
William Mabane , 1st Baron Mabane KBE , PC ( 12 January 1895 -- 16 November 1969 ) , known as Sir William Mabane between 1954 and 1962 , was a British businessman and Liberal / National Liberal politician .
Lisa Gervasoni ( born 1969 ) is a strategic planner in Warrnambool , photographer and artist .
Tyron Zeuge ( born 12 May 1992 ) is a German professional boxer , competing in the Super Middleweight weight class .
Katarzyna Kostka ( 1576 - -1648 ) was a Polish--
John D. Holum ( born December 4 , 1940 ) was Director of the U.S. Arms Control and Disarmament Agency and Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security under Bill Clinton .
Dimitris Samaras ( Greek : Δημήτρης Σαμαράς ; born 3 June 1978 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Greek second division side Aris F.C ..
Dennis Iliohan ( born 11 January 1972 ) is a retired Dutch football striker .
Jean - Claude Petit ( born 14 November 1943 ) is a French composer and arranger , born in Vaires - sur - Marne .
Chris Stead ( born 6 April 1979 ) is an Australian video games journalist , editor and publisher .
Professor Chris Baldick ( born 1954 ) is a British academic currently teaching at Goldsmiths College , University of London .
Natasha Jonas ( born 18 June 1984 ) is a retired English amateur boxer from Liverpool , England , who competed in the 60 kg ( 132 lb ) lightweight division and represented Rotunda ABC & GB Boxing .
Emma Richler ( born 1961 ) is a British / Canadian writer .
Timothy Brock ( born 1963 ) is an American - born conductor and composer specializing in concert works of the early 20th - century , orchestral performance practices of the 1920s and ' 30s , and live performances to accompany silent film .
Aïda Ruilova ( born 1974 in West Virginia ) is an American contemporary artist .
Andreas Westh ( born 22 May 1977 ) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Bollnäs GIF who are currently playing in the Elitserien .
Flor Joosen ( born Turnhout , 30 June 1952 ) is a Belgian businessman , who became well known for his caviar business .
Ada Falcón ( 17 August 1905 -- January 4 , 2002 ) was an Argentine tango dancer , singer and film actress of the 1920s and 1930s .
Maxwell Pereira was born in Salem ( under the erstwhile Madras Presidency , now Tamil Nadu ) , India , on 3 October 1944 - a son to Ligoury Bernard Pereira ( of the Bajpe Kuntala - kambla Pereira - Kamath lineage ) and Stella Eleanora D'Souza .
Vidoje Blagojević ( born 22 June 1950 in Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a former commander of the Bratunac Brigade of the Republika Srpska Army who was charged and tried by the ICTY for his involvement in the Srebrenica massacre .
Jody Santos ( born in Glocester , Rhode Island , 1966 ) is an award - winning author , journalist and documentary filmmaker .
Timmi Johansen ( born 8 May 1987 ) is a Danish footballer who play for Næsby .
Kevin Ombima ( born 7 May 1987 ) , commonly referred to as Kaka Sungura , is a Kenyan rapper better known as his stage name , Rabbit .
Paolo Briguglia ( born 27 May 1974 ) is an Italian film , stage and television actor .
Eugene L. Stewart ( February 9 , 1920 -- August 5 , 1998 ) was an American lawyer and founder of the law firm Stewart and Stewart , an international law firm based in Washington D.C. He was known for his work in international trade law .
Patrice Roberts ( born April 14th , 1986 ) is a soca artist from Trinidad and Tobago .
Jean - Baptiste Marie de Piquet , Marquess of Méjanes ( 1729 - 1886 ) was a French aristocrat , public servant and book collector .
Clemens Petersen ( 2 October 1834 -- 21 May 1918 ) was a Danish esthetician , theatre critic and literary critic .
Fabio Quartararo ( born 20 April 1999 ) is a French Grand Prix motorcycle rider , who currently competes in the Moto3 class for the Estrella Galicia 0,0 team .
Damir Šutevski ( born 28 September 1954 ) is a retired association football player from Yugoslavia who played for Canadian and American clubs .
Lucas Longoni ( born 30 June 1985 ) is an Italian Argentine footballer who plays for Serie D club Akragas .
Alexander Keith McClung ( 14 June 1811 -- 23 March 1855 ) briefly served as US chargé d'affaires to Bolivia in President Zachary Taylor 's administration .
Simon Neale ( born 20 January 1977 ) , known by his stage names Shadow Child and Dave Spoon , is an English radio DJ and dance music producer .
Elliott Porter ( born 31 December 1991 ) is a British racing cyclist riding for Team 3M.
Wiel Arets ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋiɫ ˈaː.rəts ) , born 6 May 1955 ) is a Dutch architect , architectural theorist , urbanist , industrial designer and the Dean of the College of Architecture at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago , in the United States of America .
Themistokli Gërmenji ( 1871 - -1917 ) was an Albanian nationalist figure and guerrilla fighter .
Dominique Regef ( b. Paris , 1947 ) is a French improvisor , composer , and musician specializing in stringed instruments : the cello , the rebec , the vièle à archet , and the Rajasthan dilruba .
Ahmed Al - Bahri ( Arabic : أحمد البحري‎ ) ( born 18 September 1980 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer .
Hannfried Lucke ( born 1964 ) is a German organist and improviser .
Brent Guerra ( born 29 May 1982 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , having also previously played for Port Adelaide and St Kilda .
Sonia Rodriguez ( born December 19 , 1972 , Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian ballerina .
Bekhbatyn Ganbat ( Mongolian : Бэхбатын Ганбат ; born 20 April 1988 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Jann Jensen ( born 22 February 1969 ) is a Danish football coach and a former player who is currently youth coach at OKS .
Franz Schelle ( born 17 June 1929 ) was a West German bobsledder who competed from the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s .
Josef Abel ( 22 August 1768 -- 4 October 1818 ) was an Austrian historical painter and etcher .
Dov Zur ( born 1956 ) is an Israeli politician and mayor of Rishon LeZion .
Charles Mathiesen ( 12 February 1911 -- 7 November 1994 ) was a speed skater who was active from 1930 to 1948 .
Rudolph Friedrich Hohenacker ( 1798 -- November 14 , 1874 ) was a Swiss - German missionary and botanist born in Zürich .
Osman Pashayev ( Crimean Tatar : Osman Paşayev , Ukrainian : Осман Пашаєв , Russian : Осман Пашаев , born 23 January 1977 in Angren ) is Ukrainian TV - journalist , reporter and blogger .
Georgi Gradev ( Bulgarian : Георги Градев ) ( born 27 December 1975 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who is currently a football agent and an expert when it comes to the legal aspects of sports .
Sabine Gaudzinski - Windheuser ( born 25 June 1965 ) is a German archaeologist .
Lê Sáng ( 1920 -- September 27 , 2010 ) was the President of the Vovinam Vietnamese Martial Arts World Federation , a position he had held from 1960 until his death .
Robin Philpot ( born 1948 ) is a Quebec journalist and 2007 electoral candidate for the Parti Québécois .
Elaine Douvas ( born 1952 ) has been Principal Oboe of the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra in New York City since 1977 .
Annie Antone ( born 1955 ) is a Native American Tohono O'odham basket weaver from Gila Bend , Arizona
Jeanette Schmid ( 6 November 1924 -- 9 March 2005 ) was a professional transsexual whistler .
Quinton de Kock ( born 17 December 1992 ) is a South African professional cricketer who represents Gauteng and the Titans ( cricket team ) at domestic level , and has also played a number of matches for the national team .
Petri Korte ( born 12 December 1966 ) is a Finnish darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Shuhei Nakamoto ( 中本 修平 Shūhei Nakamoto , born 29 April 1957 ) is the vice - president of Honda Racing Corporation .
John W. Comfort ( 1844 -- November 29 , 1893 ) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who fought during the American Civil War and the Indian Wars from 1861 until his retirement in 1892 .
Varsha Varman ( born 1 June 1994 ) is a professional Indian sport shooter and a member of the Indian Shooting Team .
Dóra Stefánsdóttir ( born 27 April 1985 ) is a retired Icelandic footballer who last played for Swedish club LdB FC Malmö .
Natasha Walter ( born 20 January 1967 ) is a British feminist writer and human rights activist .
Paul - Émilien Dalpé ( 1919 - April 16 , 1994 ) , C.M. , also known as Paul - Émile Dalpé , was a Canadian labor unionist and nurse .
Nerijus Astrauskas ( born 18 October 1980 ) is a football striker who plays for FK Trakai in the Lithuanian A Lyga .
Bonnie Beck ( born 1980 ) , known as Bonnie D.Stroir , is a roller derby coach and skater .
Roz Kaveney ( born 9 July 1949 ) is a British writer , critic , and poet , best known for her critical works about pop culture and for being a core member of the Midnight Rose collective .
Sir George Buckston Browne FRCS ( 1850 - 1945 ) was a British surgeon and pioneer urologist .
DJ Talent ( real name Anthony Ghosh ) ( born 1978 in London ) is a British part - time DJ from Peterborough , England , most widely known for his appearance as a semi - finalist on third series of the ITV television show Britain 's Got Talent .
Jimmy Batten ( born 7 November 1955 ) is a British former boxer who was British light middleweight champion for over two and a half years between 1977 and 1979 .
William IV , Prince of Orange - Nassau ( Willem Karel Hendrik Friso ; 1 September 1711 -- 22 October 1751 ) was the first hereditary Stadtholder of the United Provinces .
Harry South ( 7 September 1929 -- 12 March 1990 ) was an English jazz pianist , composer , and arranger , who later moved into work for film and television .
Evert Collier ( 26 January 1642 -- few days before September 8 , 1708 ) was a Dutch Golden Age still - life painter known for vanitas and trompe - l'œil paintings .
Jon Hassall ( born 14 August 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Hawthorn in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) during the 1990s .
Grant Rovelli ( born 3 September 1983 , in Mackay , Queensland ) is an Australian former rugby league player .
Dr. Eugene W. Hickok ( Born 1951 , Denver , Colorado ) is an advocate for public education reform and an expert in constitutional law .
Ellen Gomes de Oléria , known as Ellen Oléria ( born 12 November 1982 ) is a singer , musician , songwriter , and actress from Brasília .
Johann Christoph , Count of Hohenzollern - Haigerloch ( 1586 in Haigerloch -- 1620 in Haigerloch ) was the second Count of Hohenzollern - Haigerloch .
Daniel Jouseff ( born 1975 ) is a Swedish artist based in Stockholm and London .
Joseph S. `` Joe '' Ruggiero ( born 1935 ) , who performed as Joey Powers , is an American former pop singer and songwriter whose record `` Midnight Mary '' reached no.10 on the Billboard Hot 100 , in January 1964 .
Mary Eliza Kennard ( 1850 - -1936 ) was an English novelist and writer of non - fiction .
Nanna Lüders Jensen ( born 23 July 1963 ) , known by the stage name of Nanna , is a Danish songwriter and singer .
Tim Dowling ( born 1963 , Boston , USA ) is a journalist and author .
Michael Bentwood ( born 10 January 1978 and based in Altrincham ) is a British auto racing driver .
Vernon Coleman ( born 18 May 1946 ) is a former general practitioner , and the author of over 100 books , including non - fiction works about human health , politics , cricket , and animal issues , and a range of novels .
Daniel Fonseca Garis ( born 13 September 1969 ) is an Uruguayan former footballer , now a football agent .
Kasper Klostergaard Larsen ( born 22 May 1983 ) is a Danish professional road racing cyclist , riding for Danish based Riwal - Platform .
Robert McGuckin ( born 28 January 1944 in Marrickville , New South Wales ) since July 2012 has been the Catholic Bishop of Toowoomba .
Bruce Oldfield , OBE ( born 14 July 1950 ) is a British fashion designer , best known for his couture occasionwear .
Michel Pastoureau ( born 17 June 1947 ) is a French professor of medieval history and an expert in Western symbology .
Butch Thompson ( born 1943 ) is an American jazz pianist and clarinetist best known for his ragtime and stride performances .
Prince Guillaume of Luxembourg ( Guillaume Marie Louis Christian ; born 1 May 1963 ) is the third son and youngest child of Grand Duke Jean and Grand Duchess Josephine - Charlotte of Luxembourg .
Moishe Postone ( born 1942 ) is a Canadian Marxist historian , philosopher and political economist .
Zula Pogorzelska ( 1896 -- 10 February 1936 ) born Zofia Pogorzelska , was a Polish cabaret and film actress .
Viktors Ņesterenko ( born 3 May 1954 ) is a Latvian football coach and former footballer .
Reginald Edward Stubbs was born on 13 October 1876 , the son of William Stubbs , a historian and bishop of Chester and Oxford , consecutively .
Muhammad Munawwar Mirza ( Punjabi , Urdu : محمد منور مرزا‎ ) ( born 1923 -- 7 February 2000 ) , was a prominent Iqbal scholar , historian , writer and intellectual from Pakistan .
Mark Pawlak ( born 1948 in Buffalo , New York ) is a Polish - American poet and educator .
Marwan Ragab ( born 3 August 1974 ) is an Egyptian handball coach for the Egyptian national team .
Hans Gunnar Axén ( born 9 July 1967 ) is a Swedish Moderate Party politician and a member of the Swedish Riksdag for Östergötland since 1998 .
Jordan Lisle ( born 12 July 1990 ) is an Australian rules footballer with Port Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Tony Buon ( born December 1960 ) , is a British workplace psychologist , speaker , mediator and author .
Philippe Hertig ( born 2 July 1965 ) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a striker during the 1980s and 1990s .
Zheng Xiaoxu ( Cheng Hsiao - hsu ; simplified Chinese : 郑孝胥 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭孝胥 ; pinyin : Zhèng Xiàoxū ; Wade -- Giles : Cheng4 Hsiao4-hsu1 ; Hepburn : Tei Kōsho ) ( 2 April 1860 -- 28 March 1938 ) was a Chinese statesman , diplomat and calligrapher .
Jonathan Street ( 9 February 1943 -1 November 2012 ) was an award - winning novelist .
Sir John Major , 1st Baronet ( 17 May 1698 -- 22 February 1781 ) was a British merchant and Member of Parliament .
Prue Acton , OBE ( born 26 April 1943 ) is an Australian fashion designer , often referred to as `` Australia 's golden girl of fashion '' during the 1960s .
Kenny Scharf ( born 1958 ) is an American painter who lives in Brooklyn , New York .
Ielja Strik ( Cuijk , 25 March 1973 ) , is a Dutch powerlifter and a former gymnast and bodybuilder .
Guillaume Gillet ( born 9 March 1984 ) is a Belgian international footballer who plays professionally for Ligue 1 side FC Nantes , as a right back and midfielder .
Astrid Stampe Feddersen , usually known as Astrid Stampe , ( born Baroness Stampe ; 19 December 1852 -- 16 April 1930 ) was a Danish women 's rights activist and sister of Rigmor Stampe Bendix .
Barnaby Kay ( born 1967 ) is a British actor noted for his roles in television , stage and film , and as a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
Denis Lenoir ( born 1949 ) is a French cinematographer , whose credits include Uprising , The Clearing , and Thursday .
Sven Alkalaj ( born 11 November 1948 ) is a Bosnian diplomat who served as the country 's Foreign Minister from 2007 to 2012 under Prime Minister Nikola Špirić .
Reginald Ely ( fl . 1438 - 1471 ) was an English gothic architect responsible for much of the design ( but likely not the fan vaults ) of King 's College Chapel , Cambridge .
Colin Boyd , Baron Boyd of Duncansby , PC QC , ( born 7 June 1953 ) is a Scottish judge who has been a Senator of the College of Justice since June 2012 .
Richard Ward Greene ( born 21 Jan 1792 at Potowomut , Rhode Island ) was an attorney , having graduated from Brown University and having studied law at Litchfield College and under Boston lawyer Ebenezer Rockwell .
Steven Mitchinson,(born 6 August 1975 , in Winchester , Hampshire ) is a lawn bowler from Harlow , Essex .
Margaret Biggs ( born 9 July 1929 , Orpington , Kent ) is a popular and collectible exponent of the girls ' School story .
Niko Grafenauer ( born 5 December 1940 ) is a Slovenian poet , essayist , literary historian , editor and translator .
Tadas Blinda ( 1846 - -1877 ) was a Lithuanian outlaw and folk hero .
Simon Spender ( born 15 November 1985 ) is a Wales Under-21 international footballer who plays at right back for The New Saints .
Brian Lam ( born 1977 ) is a writer and the former Editorial Director at Gizmodo , a blog focusing on technology .
Born in 1580 or 1581 , Isaac Wake entered Christ Church , Oxford in 1593 , and graduated B.A. in 1597 ; he was elected fellow of Merton College , Oxford in 1598 , and graduated M.A. in 1603 .
Anne - Marie Ruddock ( born Anne - Marie Teresa Antoinette Ruddock , 22 June 1963 ) was the lead vocalist with a 1980s ska revival , reggae and new wave band , Amazulu .
Ashton Constant ( born 28 September 1983 ) is a South African rugby union player , who most recently playing with the Boland Cavaliers .
Thomas Bickham , also known as Tomboy ( born 29 March 1975 in Værløse ) , is a Danish drag queen , stylist , hairdresser , designer and TV personality .
Gebrehiwot Baykedagn ( 1886 - 1919 ) was an Ethiopian doctor , economist , and intellectual .
John Marcangelo ( born 1950 , Whitehaven , Cumberland ) is an English pianist , drummer and composer of folk - rock music .
Nathaniel S. Wilson ( born 1947 ) is a Master sailmaker , rigger , and sail designer based in East Boothbay , Maine .
Huanderson Junior da Silva Santos ( born 3 August 1983 ) , commonly known as Huanderson , is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Iraklis in the Greek League .
Kang We - suck ( Kang We - seok , Korean : 강의석 , Hanja : 姜義錫 , born 25 August 1986 ) is a South Korean an activist for civil and human rights activist who promotes pacifism , but also a former high - profile criminal .
Liam Colbon ( born 20 September 1984 ) is an English former professional rugby league footballer .
Yann Goulet ( or Yann Renard - Goulet ; 20 August 1914 -- 22 August 1999 ) was a sculptor , Breton nationalist and war - time collaborationist with Nazi Germany who headed the Breton Bagadou Stourm militia .
Faria Alam ( born 13 February 1966 ) is a former Football Association secretary implicated in a sexual scandal with football officials .
Simon Straub ( 1662 - 1730 ) was a German violinmaker and luthier .
Ashot Chilingarian ( Armenian : Աշոտ Չիլինգարյան ; born 18 May 1949 ) is an Armenian physicist known for his contributions to the fields of high - energy astrophysics , space weather , and high - energy atmospheric physics .
Nemacolin ( c. 1715 - -c.1767 ) was a hereditary chief of the Delaware Nation who helped Thomas Cresap widen an Native American path across the Allegheny Mountains to the Ohio River Valley .
Lieutenant General Epaphras Denga Ndaitwah ( born 13 December 1952 ) is a Namibian diplomat and military commander .
Sir William Pickles Hartley ( 23 February 1846 -- 25 October 1922 ) , jam manufacturer and philanthropist , founded the Hartley 's jam company .
Joe Ajuwa ( born 25 January 1983 ) is a rugby union player currently playing for London Welsh .
Pierre de Voyer d'Argenson , Vicomte de Mouzay ( 1625 -- probably in 1709 ) was the French governor of New France from 1658 to 1661 .
Mulaza Kaira ( born 10 October 1984 ) , also known by the stage names of Macky II , Macky 2 , MK , Dj Bugar , and Flava Boy , is a Zambian hip hop musician , singer , and producer .
Zbigņevs Stankevičs ( Polish : Zbigniew Stankiewicz ; born 15 February 1955 ) is a Latvian Roman Catholic Archbishop .
Conor Kostick ( born 26 June 1964 ) is an Irish historian and writer living in Dublin .
Ilija Sivonjić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ˈiliːa ˈsiːʋɔɲitɕ ) ; born 13 January 1987 in Zubovići , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian professional footballer , currently playing for Hrvatski dragovoljac in Druga HNL .
Mathias Hafele ( born 23 December 1983 in St. Jakob , St. Anton ) is an Austrian ski jumper .
Chang Jin - fu ( Chinese : 張進福 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jìnfú ) ( born 9 March 1948 ) is a Taiwanese politician .
John Bernard Caraher ( born about 1938 ) , known as Ben Caraher , is a former politician in Northern Ireland .
Bakri Ibni ( born 25 August 1952 ) is a Malaysian former football player who represented the Malaysian national football team in the 1970s and early 1980s .
Aline Khalaf ( Arabic : إلين خلف‎ ) ( born 12 April 1974 ) is a Lebanese singer .
Johan Ernst Mejdell ( 1773 - ? ? ) was a Norwegian jurist and politician .
Clive Brooke , Baron Brooke of Alverthorpe ( born 21 June 1942 ) is a British trade unionist , and Labour Member of the House of Lords .
Jan Schreiber ( born 1941 ) is an American poet , translator , and literary critic who has been part of the renascence of formal poetry that began in the late twentieth century .
Jeff Macpherson ( born 3 October 1973 ) is a filmmaker and video game developer .
Jon Keighren ( born 7 December 1967 , Carlisle ) is a football commentator for Pure 107.8FM and TalkSport .
Henry Petty , 1st Earl of Shelburne PC ( I ) ( 22 October 1675 -- 17 April 1751 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer and politician .
Dan Gresswell ( 1819 - -1883 ) , was an English veterinary surgeon .
Bart de Block ( born 22 October 1968 in Ghent ) is a professional Belgian ballet dancer known for his pointework .
Christoph von Utenheim ( c. 1450 - 1527 ) was Bishop of Basel from 1502 until his resignation from that office in 1527 .
Malcolm Archer ( born 1952 ) is an English organist , conductor and composer .
Eric Mival ( born 18 July 1939 , in Rhyl , Denbighshire , northeast Wales ) is a film editor , director , and music editor .
Princess Sophia of Sweden , also Sofia Gustavsdotter Vasa ( 29 October 1547 -- 17 March 1611 ) , was a Swedish princess , daughter of King Gustav Vasa of Sweden and Margareta Leijonhufvud .
Henry Sewell ( 7 September 1807 -- 14 May 1879 ) was a prominent 19th - century New Zealand politician .
Frederic Lloyd , OBE ( 1 July 1918 - 27 July 1995 ) , was an English theatre manager .
Azaly Ben Marofo ( born 1946 ) is a former Malagasy foreign minister .
Arjumman Mughal ( Kashmiri : ارجومن مغل ) ( born 1 January 1990 ) is an Indian model and film actress . After a successful modelling career , she made her acting debut with Hasnain Hyderabadwala 's Bollywood film Ya Rab .
Petra Rohrmann ( born 30 July 1962 in Zella - Mehlis , Thuringia ) was an East German cross country skier who competed from 1983 to 1984 .
Ayan Mukerji ( or Mukherjee ) ( born 15 August 1983 ) is an Indian film director who made his directorial debut at the age of 26 with Wake Up Sid , a 2009 Bollywood film produced by Karan Johar .
Hugh Sawyer ( born 1973 ) is a working professional who has decided to spend an extended period of time with his only home being in an undisclosed wood in Oxfordshire .
Jim Sadler ( 28 July 1886 - 19 July 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jesús Selgas Cepero ( born 24 December 1951 ) is a Cuban artist specializing in painting , tapestry , and installations .
John Davies of Hereford ( c. 1565 -- July 1618 ) was a writing - master and an Anglo - Welsh poet .
Christopher Austin ( born 14 November 1968 ) is a Tony Award winning British conductor , and an arranger and orchestrator of film and television scores .
Ralph Allwood , MBE ( born 30th April 1950 ) was the Precentor and Director of Music at Eton College in the UK until September 2011 .
Matthew Zapruder ( born 1967 in Washington , D.C. ) is an American poet , editor , translator , and professor .
Countess Ana Katarina Zrinska ( c. 1625 - -1673 ) was a Croatian noblewoman and poet , born into the House of Frankopan noble family .
Stefano Pittaluga ( 1887 - -1932 ) was an Italian film producer , one of several figures who helped revive Italian film production in the late 1920s and early 1930s .
Giuliana Setari Carusi ( Pescara ( I ) , 1947 ) is an Italian contemporary art collector and a major figure in the international art world .
Vladimír Balát ( born 1 February 1987 ) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for the Norwegian Second Division club Stord .
Brenda Webster was born in New York City in 1936 , the daughter of abstract expressionist painter Ethel Schwabacher and the prominent entertainment lawyer Wolf Schwabacher .
Domenic Carosa ( born 1974 ) is an Australian businessman and co - founder of Future Capital Development Fund .
Hassan Honarmandi ( Persian : حسن هنرمندی‎‎ ) was an Iranian writer , poet and translator , born in 1928 in Taleqan , Iran .
Andrew E. Gibson , ( 19 February 1922 in New York City- 8 July 2001 in Short Hills , New Jersey ) was an American shipping executive , Maritime Administrator and U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Maritime Affairs , 1969 - 1973 , and historian of American maritime policy .
Jorge Radhamés Zorrilla Ozuna was born in Guayabo Dulce ( a town of the province Hato Mayor in the Dominican Republic ) , on 16 December 1954 to Manuel María Zorrilla and Sirila Ozuna .
Max Lefèvre ( born 9 December 1985 ) , is a French racing driver from Paris .
Glenda Linscott ( born 6 September 1958 ) is an English Australian actress and director , best known for her performance as tough bikie inmate and top dog Rita `` The Beater '' Connors in the television drama Prisoner , for which she won a Penguin Award .
Kishore Sahu ( 22 November 1915 -- 22 August 1980 ) was an Indian actor , film director , screenwriter and producer .
Jos Van Immerseel ( born 9 November 1945 ) is a Belgian harpsichordist , pianist and conductor .
David Munro Anderson ( born 15 December 1937 ) is a Scottish businessman with a distinguished career in the City of London .
John Whibley ( 1892 -- unknown ) was an English professional footballer who played in both the Southern League and Football League for Crystal Palace , as an outside left .
Gregorio de Salinas Varona ( b. 1647 or 1650 , Tormé , Burgos , Spain - d. 1720 , Mexico City , New Spain ) was a noble and Spanish administrator that served as Governor in Texas , Coahuila , Nuevo Leon ( the latter two localized in Mexico ) , Honduras and Pensacola .
Kaija Kärkinen ( born 9 September 1962 Sodankylä ) is a Finnish singer and actress .
Romeo Tanghal ( born 1943 ) is a Filipino comic book artist who has worked primarily as an inker .
Pietro Cimara ( Rome , 1887-Milan , 1967 ) was an Italian composer , conductor and pianist .
Megan Fletcher ( born 2 August 1989 ) is an English athlete who practices judo at international level .
Georg Gänswein /ˈɡɛ : ɒək ˈɡɛ : ŋ̩zvəin/ ( Non - rhotic pronunciation)or /ˈɡɛ : ɔrk ˈɡɛ : ŋ̩zvəin/ ( Rhotic pronunciation ) ( born 30 July 1956 ) is a German Archbishop of the Catholic Church , Chaplain of His Holiness , Prefect of the Papal Household and the personal secretary of the Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI .
Louis - Pierre Hélie ( born 1 January 1986 at Berthierville , Quebec ) is a Canadian alpine and freestyle skier .
Dacoury Natche ( born March 10 , 1983 ) , professionally known as DJ Dahi , is an American hip hop disc jockey , songwriter and record producer from Inglewood , California .
Annamária Bogdanović ( in Hungarian transliteration Bogdanovics , née Orbán ) ( born 14 April 1982 in Odorheiu Secuiesc ) is a Hungarian handballer who currently plays for Siófok KC .
Wayde Mills ( born 29 August 1987 ) is an Australian rules footballer in the South Australian National Football League , and formerly in the Australian Football League .
Giovanni Paolo Pisani ( 1574 - 1637 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in a Mannerist style in Siena .
Giovanni Filippo Ingrassia or Ioannis Philippi Ingrassiae ( 1510 - -1580 ) was an Italian physician , student of Vesalius , professor at the University of Naples , Protomedicus of Sicily and a major figure in the history of medicine and human anatomy .
Reg Woodhouse ( 3 May 1877 -- 16 February 1965 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Eloisa James is the pen name of Mary Bly ( born 1962 ) .
Vimbai Mutinhiri ( born 18 February 1987 ) is a Zimbabwean actress , model and television personality .
Fessenden Nott Otis ( 6 March 1825 -- c. 1900 ) was a pioneer in the medical field of urology .
Roger Kent , ( June 8 , 1906 -- May 16 , 1980 ) , American democratic politician .
Michael Quatro ( born 12 June 1943 , Detroit , Michigan , USA ) is a keyboard player and songwriter who released several albums in the 1970s .
Adolph Tidemand ( 14 August 1814 -- 8 August 1876 ) was a noted Norwegian romantic nationalism painter .
Tosca D'Aquino ( born 10 June 1966 ) is an Italian actress , comedian and television presenter .
Blaine Boekhorst ( born 2 September 1993 ) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Carlton in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Asif Nazar Butt ( born 28 February 1987 ) better known by his stage name DJ Butt is Pakistani DJ and political activist from Lahore best known for his work as a disc jockey in the events of Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) .
Philipe Sampaio Azevedo ( born 11 November 1994 ) is a Brazilian professional football player who currently plays for Boavista in Portugal as a centre - back .
Gonzalo Rodríguez Risco ( born 1972 ) is a Peruvian playwright and screenwriter .
Jacopo della Quercia ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈjaːkopo della ˈkwɛrtʃa ) ; c. 1374 -- October 20 , 1438 ) was an Italian sculptor of the Italian Renaissance , a contemporary of Brunelleschi , Ghiberti and Donatello .
Sir John Ernest Buttery Hotson , KCSI , OBE , VD ( 17 March 1877 -- 13 May 1944 ) was an administrator in India during the British Raj .
Waleed Al - Gizani ( وليد الجيزاني in Arabic ; born 10 October 1982 ) is a Saudi football player .
Peter Lam Both ( born in 1972 ) has been the Governor of Latjoor , South Sudan since 24 December 2015 .
Linda Shear ( born 1948 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a singer / songwriter and piano player .
Ivan Bitzi ( born 4 August 1975 ) is a retired Swiss athlete specializing in the high hurdles events .
Mohd Farizal Rozali ( born 10 September 1983 in Selama , Perak ) , often known as Jai among teammates and fans , is a Malaysian football player who currently plays for Malaysian team Kedah United F.C ..
Moe Brooker ( born 1940 ) is American artist .
Mícheál Lally ( born 1939 ) , is an Irish writer and historian .
Guo Youming ( Chinese : 郭有明 ; pinyin : Guō Yǒumíng ; born December 1956 ) is a former Chinese politician from Hubei province .
Makiko Hirabayashi ( born 1966 ) is a Japanese jazz pianist based in Denmark .
František Neuwirt ( 26 August 1895 -- 15 August 1957 ) , was a member of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences , specialising in stomatology .
Christopher Raeburn ( 31 July 1928 , London -- 18 February 2009 , Ivinghoe , Buckinghamshire ) was an English record producer of international renown .
Eugenio Oñate Ibañez de Navarra ( Valencia , 28 March 1953 ) , often referred as Eugenio Onãte , is a Spanish engineer who works in computational mechanics .
Takatada Ihara ( 6 June 1929 -- 14 September 2014 ) was a Japanese television director and producer .
André H. Caron Ed . D ( born 1949 ) is a Canadian Communications scholar whose research focuses predominantly on young people and media , and the appropriation of new technologies in society ( particularly the use of Mobile Communication Devices ) .
Kristine Jensen ( born 1956 ) , is a Danish architect who has specialized in landscape architecture .
Waseem Shaikh ( born Waseem Hussain Shaikh on 7 November 1984 ) is a South African actor of South Asian descent , best known for his role as fisherman and lifeguard , Ashwin Pillay on the SABC 1 TV Series Bay Of Plenty .
Guido Morini ( Milan , 1959 ) is an Italian pianist , organist , harpsichordist , musicologist and composer .
Philomène Grandin ( born 23 September 1974 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish actress and television host .
Tore Ellingsen ( born June 3 , 1962 ) is a Norwegian economist active in Sweden .
Erik Wroldsen ( born 19 March 1973 in Arendal , Norway ) is a heavy metal drummer .
Mauro Esposito ( born 13 June 1979 ) is an Italian retired footballer who played mainly as a right winger .
Jany Clair ( born on 2 September 1938 ) is a retired French actress .
Elizabeth Fritsch MA(RCA ) CBE ( born 1940 ) is a Welsh studio potter .
Wan Xiaotang ( Chinese : 万晓塘 ) ( 1916 - September 19 , 1966 ) birth name Wan Xingshi ( Chinese : 万星师 ) , courtesy name Xiaotang ( Chinese : 效唐 ) , was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Per Alex Jensen , known as Per Jensen for short ( born 10 December 1930 ) is a Danish former football ( soccer ) player .
Edward Kinney , ( 1859 - 1933 ) , was an American luthier active in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Walter Quin ( 1575?--1640 ) was an Irish poet who worked in Scotland and England for the House of Stuart .
Giulia Recli ( 1890 -- 19 December 1970 ) was an Italian composer and essayist .
Ben Long ( born 1945 ) is an American painter and the grandson of noted artist McKendree Robbins Long .
Hema Henry Basnayake QC ( 3 August 1902 -- ? ) was the 31st Chief Justice of Ceylon as well as the 29th Attorney General and 16th Solicitor General .
Georgios Petrakis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Πετράκης ; 1890 -- 1972 ) , better known as Petrakogiorgis ( also spelled as Petrakoyiorgis / Petrakoyeorgis , Greek : Πετρακογιώργης ) , was a Greek businessman , partisan , and politician .
Yi Peiji ( Chinese : 易培基 ; pinyin : Yì Peíjī ; 28 February 1880-September 1937 ) was a Chinese politician , scholar , and educator .
Pamprepius ( Greek : Παμπρέπιος , Pamprépios ; Latin : Pamprepius ; 29 September 440 -- November 484 ) was a philosopher and a pagan poet who rebelled against the Eastern Roman Emperor Zeno .
Louise Laurin ( 1935 - 7 January 2013 ) was an educator and activist in Quebec .
Mary Tiles ( born 1946 ) is a philosopher and historian of mathematics and science .
Jason Henhawk ( born 1982 in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian lacrosse player who currently plays for the Rochester Knighthawks .
Alan Cumming , OBE ( born 27 January 1965 ) , is a Scottish character actor , author , and activist who has appeared in numerous films , television shows and plays .
Arafa El - Sayed ( Arabic : عرفة السيد‎ ) ( born 23 October 1988 ) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Al - Gaish as a Center Forward .
Tobias Bernstrup ( born 1970 in Gothenburg , Sweden ) is a contemporary artist working with videos , interactive works , live performances and electronic music .
Rupen Zartarian or Roupen Zartarian ( Armenian : Ռուբէն Զարդարեան ) ( 1874 - -1915 ) was an Armenian writer , educator , and political activist .
Sir Charles Mansfield Tobias Clarke , 6th Baronet ( born 8 September 1939 in Santa Barbara , U.S. ) , known as Sir Toby Clarke since 1973 , is a British peer and businessman .
Anton Doboș ( born 13 October 1965 in Sărmaşu ) is a retired Romanian football defender , who debuted in Divizia A with U Cluj in 1988 .
Daniel Moszkowicz aka `` Dawid Chone '' and `` Jerzy '' ( born 1905 in Warsaw - 1943 in Białystok , Poland ) was a merchant , non - commissioned reserve officer of the Polish Army , communist and the co - leader of the Białystok Ghetto Uprising .
Esmée Denters ( born 28 September 1988 ) is a Dutch singer and YouTube celebrity .
Whitney Dow , born in 1961 , is a documentary filmmaker , producer , and director .
Stephen of Tournai , ( March 18 , 1128 - September 11 , 1203 ) , was a Canon regular of Sainte - Geneviève ( Paris ) , and Roman Catholic canonist who became bishop of Tournai in 1192 .
Rodger Parsons ( born September 1961 ; age 53 ) is an American voice actor , who has appeared in various films and is known in New York voice over circles as a versatile vocal character performer .
Nikhil Nanda ( born 18 March 1974 ) is the managing director of Escorts Limited , an engineering company that manufactures agricultural machinery , machine construction and material handling equipment , railway equipment and auto components .
Antoni Garrell i Guiu ( l'Espluga de Francolí , Spain , 1953 ) is a Spanish industrial engineer , and a specialist in innovation management and in the knowledge economy .
Taylor Wane ( born 27 August 1968 ) is the stage name of a British pornographic actress , director , model , and serial entrepreneur .
Diane O'Dell ( born 1953 ) is an American woman that was convicted of murdering three of her 12 children .
Thomas Wilde , 1st Baron Truro PC ( 7 July 1782 -- 11 November 1855 ) , was a British lawyer , judge and politician .
Henry Goodwin Smith ( 1860 - -1940 ) was a United States theologian , the son of Henry Boynton Smith .
Sir Philip Musgrave , 6th Baronet ( c 1712 - 5 July 1795 ) was a British politician .
Christina Tobin ( born 1981 ) is an American activist and leader in the election reform and voters '' rights movements .
Pavle Radovanović ( Serbian : Павле Радовановић ; born 21 August 1975 ) is a Montenegrin international referee who refereed at 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers .
Robert Pell ( born 5 February 1979 ) is an English football forward .
Ric Viers ( born 1973 ) is an American sound designer .
Andrei Krylov ( born 3 March 1959 ) is a Russian 7- and 6- string guitarist , composer and poet .
Dimitris Rontiris ( Greek : Δημήτρης Ροντήρης ; 1899 -- December 20 , 1981 ) was a Greek actor and director .
Jura Levy ( born 4 November 1990 ) is a Jamaican sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres .
Christoph Graf ( born 5 September 1961 ) is the 35th and current Commander of the Pontifical Swiss Guard , appointed by Pope Francis on 7 February 2015 , replacing Col . Daniel Anrig since then .
Kim Myeong - hui ( 1788- ? ) was a calligrapher of the late Joseon Dynasty .
Francis James McLynn FRHistS FRGS ( born 29 August 1941 ) , known as Frank McLynn , is a British author , biographer , historian and journalist .
Randi Leinan ( 9 April 1968 ) is a former Norwegian football player and World Champion .
Patrick Carl Scully ( born 4 April 1957 ) , is a former Australian politician and minister in the New South Wales Government before his forced resignation on 25 October 2006 .
Constantin Daniel Stahi ( 14 November 1844 - 18 June 1920 ) was a Romanian painter and gravure artist .
Hannah Mayho ( born 10 December 1990 ) is an English road and track cyclist from Cullingworth , West Yorkshire , and a member of British Cycling 's Olympic Academy Squad .
Nick Grosso is a British playwright , born in London in 1968 to Argentine parents of Italian and Russian extraction .
Andriy Shtoharenko ( Ukrainian : Андрій Якович Штогаренко ) ( 15 October 1902 - 1992 ) was a Soviet Ukrainian composer and teacher .
Andrea Way ( born 1949 in San Francisco , California ) is a Washington , D.C. artist .
Gary Sinyor ( born Manchester , England , 1962 ) is an award - winning film director , producer , and writer .
Edmund O. Schweitzer , III ( born 1947 , Evanston , Illinois ) , is an electrical engineer , inventor , and founder of Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories ( SEL ) .
Basil Bright ( born 1932 ) is a Welsh former professional footballer and manager , who featured for Stoke City but is most closely associated with Barry Town , where he holds the record for most points won as manager .
Francine Lewis ( born 28 November 1975 ) is an English actress , model , television presenter and impressionist , best known for participating in the ITV talent show series Britain 's Got Talent in 2013 .
Darren McMullen ( born 10 February 1982 ) is a Scottish TV and radio presenter and personality , music journalist and music critic .
Marc Pedersen ( born 31 July 1989 ) is a Danish professional football player , who currently plays for SønderjyskE.
William Vance is the pen name of William van Cutsem ( born 8 September 1935 ) , a Belgian comics artist widely known throughout a long career for his distinctive style and work in Franco - Belgian comics .
Lorenzo Scarafoni ( born 4 December 1965 ) is an Italian ex - footballer .
Manuel Jiménez González known as Manolo Jiménez ( born 12 September 1960 ) is a Spanish football manager .
Gaspard de Saulx , sieur de Tavannes ( 1509 - -1575 ) was a French military leader during the Italian Wars and the French Wars of Religion .
Captain Edward Charles Ellice ( 1 January 1858 -- 21 February 1934 ) was Liberal MP for St Andrews Burghs .
Ann Juliet Ace ( born 27 June 1938 ) is a dramatist and playwright who wrote for EastEnders and The District Nurse .
Kai Bracht ( born 27 April 1978 ) is a retired German ski jumper .
Stephen Maxwell ( 11 October 1942 -- 24 April 2012 ) was a Scottish nationalist politician and intellectual and , from the 1980s , a leading figure in the Scottish voluntary sector .
Mack Daughtry ( born 1947 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who spent one season in the American Basketball Association ( ABA ) with the Carolina Cougars during the 1970 - -71 season .
Par Par Lay ( 1947 - August 2 , 2013 ) was a Burmese comedian , satirist and entertainer .
José María Egas ( Bahía de Caráquez , 1896 - 1982 ) was an Ecuadorian poet .
Geoffrey Kloske ( born 1969 ) is the vice president and publisher of Riverhead Books , a division of Penguin Group .
Irma Pane Volume I ( 1977 , Purnama Records ) Irma Pane Volume II ( 1979 , Purnama Records ) Haruskah ( 1997 , IPB Disc )
Vera Jocić ( Serbian : Вера Јоцић ; Macedonian : Вера Јоциќ ; 21 August 1923 -- 22 May 1944 ) was a Yugoslav partisan and People 's Hero of Yugoslavia .
Bhuvneshwari Kumari also known as Princess Candy was born to the royal family of Alwar in Rajasthan on 1 September 1960 and is the granddaughter of Tej Singh Prabhakar Bahadur .
John Henry IV of Gorizia ( 1322 - -1338 ) was a medieval Count of Gorizia and a member of the Meinhardiner dynasty .
Walt Stack ( 1908 -- January 19 , 1995 ) was a hod carrier by trade and an icon of the San Francisco , California , running community by popular acclaim .
Busingye Kabumba ( born 12 June 1982 ) is a Ugandan lawyer and poet .
Phil DeGreg ( born 1960 ) is an American jazz pianist and professor .
Douglas Caddy ( born March 23 , 1938 ) , is an American attorney who was briefly counsel for the five men arrested for the Watergate burglaries , as well as two other men involved in the Watergate scandal , E. Howard Hunt and Gordon Liddy .
Måns Mikael Reuterswärd ( 26 December 1964 -- c. 25 January 2010 ) was a Swedish adventurer and mountain climber .
Nelson Hart ( born 1968 ) is a Gander , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada resident who was convicted on 28 March 2007 of murdering his three - year - old twin daughters in 2002 .
Artyom Yuryevich Ivanov ( Ukrainian : Артем Юрійович Іванов ; born 15 January 1986 ) , is a musician , part of the musical pop group Yin - Yang and is an alumnus of the show Fabrika Zvezd , in which the group came in 3rd place .
Michael G. Morris ( born 1947 in Fremont , Ohio ) was president , chief executive officer , and chairman of Columbus , Ohio - based American Electric Power , one of the USA 's largest generators of electricity , from 2004 to November 2011 , and continued as AEP 's chairman until 2013 .
Kerry Tribe ( born 1973 , Boston , Massachusetts ) is a Los Angeles , California - based visual artist who works primarily in film , video and installation .
Gajam Govardhana was born on 1 September 1949 in the small village of Putapakka in Nalgonda district of the south Indian State of Telangana , part of former Andhra Pradesh .
Brycchan Carey ( born 23 June 1967 ) is a British academic and author specializing in the cultural history of slavery and abolition .
Lucy Aharish ( Hebrew : לוּסִי אַהֲרִישׁ , Arabic : لوسي هريش‎ ; born 18 September 1981 ) is an Israeli - Arab news presenter , reporter , and television host .
William , Prince of Orange ( Willem Nicolaas Alexander Frederik Karel Hendrik ; 4 September 1840 -- 11 June 1879 ) , was heir apparent to the Dutch throne as the eldest son of King William III from 17 March 1849 until his death .
Sulaiman Khamis Humaid Al - Mazroui commonly known as Sulaiman Al - Mazroui ( Arabic : سليمان خميس حميد المزروعي‎ ; born 13 September 1972 ) is an Omani footballer who last played for Muscat Club .
David Dawes ( born 3 December 1964 ) , is one of the founders of the XFree86 project .
Francis George Fowler ( 1871 - -1918 ) , familiarly known as F.G. Fowler , was an English writer on English language , grammar and usage .
Margaret Stumpp ( born 1952 ) is a Senior Vice President at Prudential Financial , Inc. She is the first openly transsexual person out of over 60,000 employees in the firm .
Chung Doo - un ( 정두언 , born 6 March 1957 ) is a South Korean politician .
Heikki Olavi Suomalainen ( born 27 March 1947 in Sääminki ) is a Finnish former marathon runner .
Ksenia Pecherkina ( born 10 February 1993 in Chelyabinsk ) is an ice dancer who competes for Latvia .
Giuseppe Iachini ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛppe jaˈkini ) ; born 7 May 1964 ) is an Italian football coach .
Shahabuddin Ahmed ( born 1 February 1930 ) is a Bangladeshi politician who served as the 12th President of Bangladesh .
Alex Hartley ( born 1963 ) is a British artist whose work addresses complicated and sometimes contradictory attitudes toward built environments and landscapes .
Michael P. Sullivan ( born 1934 ) is an American attorney and former President of Dairy Queen .
Nick Douwma ( born 13 April 1982 ) , better known by his stage name Sub Focus , is an English electronic music producer .
Robert Levy or Robert Lévy ( 9 January 1928 , in Edesheim -- 1944 ) was a French Jewish physician who served with the German army in World War I , for two years .
Eduard Tratt ( 24 February 1919 -- 22 February 1944 ) was a Luftwaffe fighter , test pilot and flying ace of World War II . Major Eduard Tratt was the highest scoring Zerstörer pilot of the war with 38 victories and Gruppenkommandeur of II./Zerstörergeschwader 26 ( ZG 26 ) .
Professor Guo Zhengtang ( Simplified Chinese : 郭正堂 , Pinyin : Guō Zhèngtáng ) born : 1964 , is a renowned Cenozoic geologist from China .
Wendy Paramor ( 12 December 1938 -- 28 November 1975 ) is an important mid-20th Century Australian artist .
Albert Leeson ( 1904 - 1946 ) was an English bow maker .
Jerry Vlasak ( born c. 1958 ) is an American animal rights activist and former trauma surgeon .
Barry Squires ( born 29 July 1931 ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham City and Bradford City .
Mike Massy ( Arabic : مايك ماسي‎ ) ( born 31 March 1982 ) is a Lebanese singer , songwriter , performer , composer , arranger , pianist and actor .
Braham Murray , OBE ( born 12 February 1943 ) is an English theatre director .
Dominic Longo ( born 23 August 1970 ) is an Australian retired football ( soccer ) player .
Geoff Miles ( born 10 January 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood , West Coast and Geelong in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , formerly VFL .
Pearry Reginald Teo Zhang Pingli ( born 23 July 1978 ) , film director / producer , is the first Singaporean movie director to make a Hollywood film .
Dirk - Willem van Gulik ( born February 1968 ) is a founder of the Apache Software Foundation and contributor to the Apache WebServer project .
Frank Pacelli ( 1934 - -1999 ) was an American television director and producer .
Adriana Aparecida da Silva ( born 22 July 1981 ) is a Brazilian long - distance runner who competes in half marathons and marathons .
Nikoloz Togonidze ( Georgian : ნიკოლოზ ტოგონიძე ; born 24 April 1971 ) is a former Soviet and Georgian footballer .
Andreas Kofler ( born 17 May 1984 ) is an Austrian ski jumper who currently competes for the Austrian Ski Federation ( ÖSV ) .
Alexandra Patsavas ( born 1968 ) is an American music supervisor who has worked on over sixty films and television series , most notably The Twilight Saga , The O.C. , Grey 's Anatomy and Gossip Girl .
Carles Benavent ( born 1 March 1954 ) is a highly acclaimed flamenco and jazz bassist .
Omid Norouzi ( Persian : امید نوروزی‎‎ , born 18 February 1986 ) is an Iranian wrestler .
Mohammad Hossein Barkhah ( Persian : محمد حسین برخواه ‎ , born 24 January 1977 in Tehran ) is a retired Iranian weightlifting champion .
Ridouane Harroufi ( born 30 July 1981 in Azrou ) is a Moroccan long - distance runner who competes in road running competitions , including the marathon .
Kateryna Tabashnyk ( born 15 June 1994 ) is a Ukrainian high jumper who formerly competed in the heptathlon .
Dave Cheeseman ( born David James Cheeseman , 24 June 1978 , Hull , England ) is a prolific English underground session musician , currently most well known for his work with Sack Trick and Pillow Talk .
Graham Moss ( born 14 May 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer and coach , who was highly successful in both the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) and the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Richard Stolte ( born 8 January 1990 ) is a Dutch footballer who last played for Excelsior in the Eredivisie .
Igor Kenk ( born 7 April 1959 ) is known since 2008 as the most infamous and prolific bicycle thief in Canada .
Cheryl Boone Isaacs ( born 1949 ) is an American film marketing and public relations executive .
Su Weidao ( Chinese : 蘇味道 ; 648?-705 ? ) , was an official of the Chinese Tang dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou dynasty , twice serving as chancellor during Wu Zetian 's reign .
Caleb Bentley ( 1762 - -1851 ) was a silversmith , shopkeeper , and first postmaster in Brookeville , Maryland .
Rachid Bouarrata ( Arabic : رشيد بورتا‎ ; born 3 November 1945 in Batna ) is an Algerian association football manager and former player .
Paul Stringer ( born 2 December 1976 , Gosford , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
George Terence Cochrane ( or Terry Cochrane ) ( born 23 January 1953 ) is a former Northern Irish footballer who played in midfield as a winger .
Born in Lympstone , near Exmouth in Devon , England , John Nutt arrived in Newfoundland as a gunner on a Dartmouth ship around 1620 .
Daniel Bowen , born in 1970 , is a Melbourne resident best known for being the PTUA president and the author of the blog , Diary of an Average Australian .
Neil D. Jones ( born 22 March 1941 in Centralia , Illinois , USA ) is an American computer scientist .
Kerry Vincent ( née Flynn ; 1 June 1945 ) , is the Australian director and co - founder of the annual Oklahoma Sugar Art Show , author , and freelance writer .
Hugo Kauder ( 9 June 1888 -- 22 July 1972 ) was a mid-20th - century Austrian composer , pedagogue , and music theorist who was born in Tovačov ( German : Tobitschau ) , Moravia ( now in the Czech Republic ) .
Ivan Deveson AO ( born 18 February 1934 ) is an Australian businessman and the 100th Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1996 to 1999 after a period of Commissioners controlling the Melbourne City Council .
Aage Indahl ( born 18 February 1946 ) is a Norwegian doctor and health researcher with a clinical practice dealing with physical medicine .
Elliott Torrance Galt ( 24 May 1850- 15 May 1928 ) was a Canadian businessman and developer .
Anton Tomaž Linhart ( 11 December 1756 -- 14/15 July 1795 ) was a Carniolan playwright and historian , best known as the author of the first comedy and theatrical play in general in Slovene , Županova Micka ( Micka , the Mayor 's Daughter ) .
Benton Cheung Yan - lung , CBE , OStJ , JP ( born 18 April 1922 , Hong Kong ) is a New Territories indigenous inhabitant businessman and politician .
Andreas Kalvos ( Greek : Ἀνδρέας Κάλβος , also transliterated as Andreas Calvos ; 1792 -- November 3 , 1869 ) was a Greek poet of the Romantic school .
Alberto Marchiori ( born 11 May 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Vicenza on loan from Genoa .
Graham Torrington ( born in 1961 in Birmingham , England ) is a British radio presenter and broadcaster .
Wahab Riaz ( Punjabi , Urdu : وہاب ریاض‎ ; born 28 June 1985 ) is a Pakistani cricketer .
Richard Vickerman Taylor was born in Leeds , Yorkshire , on 10 October 1830 , the son of John Taylor and his wife Ann Vickerman .
Nikos Giannitsanis ( Greek : Νίκος Γιαννιτσάνης ; born 16 February 1994 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Football League club Panelefsiniakos .
Cecil Wayne Ratliff ( born 1946 , Trenton , Ohio , USA ) wrote the database program Vulcan .
Pietro Marsetti ( born 21 November 1964 ) is a former footballer for Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito ( 1987 - -1997 ) and for the Ecuadorian national football team ( 1987 - -1989 ) where he scored 3 goals in 25 appearances .
Gilles Goujon ( born 1961 ) is a French chef and owner of the restaurant L'Auberge du Vieux Puits ( roughly `` The Old Well Inn '' ) in Fontjoncouse , Aude .
Tsholofelo Thipe ( née Selemela ) ( born 9 December 1986 ) is a South African sprinter , who specialized in the 400 metres .
Rabih Alameddine ( Arabic : ربيع علم الدين‎ ) ( born 1959 ) is a Lebanese - American painter and writer .
It is believed that Parisius was born in 1160 , at either Treviso or Bologna .
David Dwyer ( born 15 March 1964 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Targjei Augundsson ( 1801 -- November 21 , 1872 ) , better known as Myllarguten ( meaning the Millerboy ) , is arguably the most acknowledged Norwegian folk musician to this day , and by far the most legendary .
Bert Mikael Brandén ( born 11 December 1959 in Stockholm ) is a former Swedish backstroke swimmer .
Kane Linnett ( born 11 January 1989 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the North Queensland Cowboys of the National Rugby League .
James Levesque ( 1962 -- October 19 , 2014 ) was best known as the bass player from surf punk band Agent Orange .
Patrick Martin Cusack ( born 2 July 1954 ) , known by the stage name Pete Briquette , is an Irish bassist , record producer and composer .
Adeline Yen Mah was born in Tianjin , Republic of China on 30 November 1937 , to Joseph Yen ( Yen Tse - Rung ) , a businessman , and Ren Yong - ping , an accountant .
Lucy Owen ( born Lucy Jane Cohen , 28 November 1970 ) is a Welsh television news reader .
Captain Robert Riddell ( 1755 - -1794 ) , Laird of Friar 's Carse , near Dumfries .
Haroon Lorgat ( born 26 May 1960 ) is a South African of Indian origin , businessman and chartered accountant .
Xander Marro ( American , born 1975 ) is an American artist , underground puppet maker , and arts non - profit director based in Providence , Rhode Island .
John A. McNeice Jr ( born 1940 ) of Canton , Massachusetts is a noted philanthropist and the former Chairman and CEO of the Colonial Group .
Wayne Schwass ( born 27 November 1968 ) is a former Australian rules football player in the VFL / AFL who debuted in 1988 .
Jet Black ( born Brian John Duffy , 26 August 1938 , Ilford , Essex ) is an English drummer and founder member of punk rock / new wave band The Stranglers .
Wesley Kiprotich ( born 1 August 1979 in Kericho ) is a Kenyan middle distance runner who specialises in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Hirano Nagayasu ( 平野長泰 ) ( 1559 -- 1628 ) was a samurai retainer to Japanese warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi during the Azuchi - Momoyama period of the 17th century .
Gwyneth Powell ( born 5 July 1946 ) is an English actress who is best known for her portrayal of headmistress Bridget McCluskey in the BBC television series Grange Hill for eleven series between 1981 and 1991 .
Chhaganlal Karamshi Parekh popularly known as Chhagan Bapa ( 27 June 1894 -- 14 December 1968 ) was a noted philanthropist , social worker , who worked for up - liftment of poor , education and social reform of women .
John Schluter ( born 1955 ) is an Australian journalist and weather presenter .
Vladimir Dubov ( born on 20 February 1988 ) is a freestyle wrestler from Bulgaria .
Grant Page ( born 1939 ) is an Australian stuntman who worked mostly during the seventies and eighties .
John Seibel ( born 1970 ) is an American broadcaster .
William Simon U'Ren ( January 10 , 1859 -- March 5 , 1949 ) was an American lawyer and political activist .
Malinda Seneviratne ( born 1965 ) is a Sri Lankan nationalist activist , writer , poet and journalist .
Russell Edson ( 1935 -- April 29 , 2014 ) was an American poet , novelist , writer and illustrator , and the son of the cartoonist - screenwriter Gus Edson .
Lucas Ruiz de Ribayaz y Fonseca ( 1626-after 1677 ) was a Spanish harpist and composer for lute and guitar .
Samuel Wagan Watson ( born 1972 ) is a contemporary Indigenous Australian poet .
Ellis D Fogg was the pseudonym of the Australian artist Roger Foley ( born 24 January 1942 ) .
Francisco Albano Barrio ( born 22 June 1989 ) , commonly known as Croata Barrio , is an Argentine - born Croatian mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division of Final Fight Championship .
Cyril Blažo ( born 1970 in Bratislava ) is a Slovakian artist who lives in works in Bratislava in the Slovak Republic .
Kerrin McEvoy ( born 28 October 1980 ) is an Australian jockey who is best known for riding Brew to victory in the 2000 Melbourne Cup .
Hans Jacob Stabel ( 27 August 1769 -- 7 January 1836 ) was a Norwegian priest and elected official .
Lucy Rose Parton , known as Lucy Rose ( born 20 June 1989 ) is an English singer - songwriter from Warwickshire , England .
Henry Collin Minton ( 1855 - -1924 ) was the chairman of Systematic Theology in the San Francisco Theological Seminary from December 2 , 1891 to October 1 , 1902 .
Barbara de Loor ( born 26 May 1974 ) is a Dutch retired speed skater who was specialised in the middle long and longer distances , over 1000 to 5000 metres .
Jay Hillock ( born c. 1949 ) is a former college basketball coach from the United States .
Alemu Aga ( Amharic : ዓለሙ አጋ ? ) ( born 1950 ) is an Ethiopian musician , singer , and master of the bèguèna .
Gong Jinjie ( 宫金杰 ) ( born 12 November 1986 ) is a Chinese professional racing cyclist , a member of the provincial Jilin Team since 2002 and the Chinese National Team since 2005 .
Hamed Zamani ( Persian : حامد زمانی‎‎ , born 2 February 1988 in Meymeh ) is an Iranian pop singer .
Amy Guidry ( born 1976 in Jacksonville , N.C. ) is an American artist in Lafayette , Louisiana .
Joey Ryan Gundok ( born 9 May 1983 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer from state of Sabah .
Jacob Jørgen Kastrup Sømme ( 9 January 1817 -- 21 October 1893 ) was a Norwegian businessperson , consul and politician .
Scott Agnew ( born 11 July 1987 ) , nicknamed `` Aggy '' , is a Scottish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Scottish Championship club St. Mirren .
George A. Thompson ( 1921 - 2000 ) was an American inventor and businessman who held many patents in the pumping industry and is credited with the invention of the rotary pump .
Pinky Kravitz ( c. 1927 -- October 31 , 2015 ) was an Atlantic City , New Jersey based American radio broadcaster and print journalist .
Sir John Fagg , 1st Baronet ( 4 October 1627 -- 18 January 1701 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England at various times between 1645 and 1701 .
Len Wickwar ( 21 March 1911 -- June 1980 ) was a British boxer who fought between 1928 and 1947 as a lightweight .
Emik Avakian ( Armenian : Էմիք Աւաքեան ; 1923 -- July 11 , 2013 ) was an Armenian American inventor and owner of numerous patents including breath - operated computer , a mechanism that facilities putting wheelchairs on automobiles , and a self operating robotic wheel that converts manual wheel chairs into automatic .
Anders Sandberg ( born 11 July 1972 ) is a researcher , science debater , futurist , transhumanist and author .
Alwin Hammers ( born 2 November 1942 in Bitburg , Rhineland - Palatinate ) is a German theologian .
Hilary Lister ( born 1972 ) is a record - breaking quadriplegic sailor from Kent , England .
Alexey Dmitriev ( born 24 December 1985 ) is a Belarusian - born German professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Düsseldorfer EG of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Francis Drope ( 1629?--1671 ) , was an English arboriculturist .
Joseph Lulloff ( born 1960 ) is an American saxophonist and educator .
Moacyr Cordeiro , simply known as Biguá ( 22 March 1921 -- 1 January 1989 ) , was a Brazilian footballer .
M Atiqur Rahman ( born 9 January 1931 ) was a Lieutenant General and Bangladesh 's Chief of Army Staff from 1986 to 1990 .
Riccardo Chiarini ( born 20 February 1984 ) is an Italian mountainbiker and former professional road bicycle racer , who last rode for UCI Professional Continental team Androni Giocattoli - Venezuela .
Tomáš Bábek ( born 4 June 1987 in Brno ) is a Czech amateur track cyclist .
Jaak Juske ( born on the 12 December 1976 in Tartu ) is an Estonian politician and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Estonia .
Dick W. Emuchay ( 5 August 1919 -- 8 May 2011 ) , also referred to as `` D. W. Emuchay '' , was a Nigerian medical doctor and administrator .
Antonio della Valle ( 1850 , Naples-1935 ) was an Italian zoologist who specialised in Amphipoda and Ascidiacea .
Jaspinder Cheema ( Punjabi : ਜਸਪਿੰਦਰ ਚੀਮਾ ; born 12 August 1989 ) is a Punjabi actress and model .
Spiro Malakellis ( born 23 April 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian Football League during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Deepika Padukone ( pronounced ( d̪iːpɪkaː pəɖʊkoːɳ ) ; born 5 January 1986 ) is an Indian film actress and model .
Mario Vernon - Watson ( born 26 April 1971 ) is a retired Jamaican middle - distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres .
Janty Yates ( born 1950 ) is a British costume designer for film and television .
Thies Kaspareit ( born 1 February 1964 in Oldenburg in Holstein ) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion .
Barat Ali Batoor ( Persian : برات علی باتور‎ ) is a young Hazara professional freelancer photographer from Afghanistan born in 1983 .
Michalis Chatzis ( Greek : Μιχάλης Χατζής ; born 4 September 1978 ) is a Greek footballer who last played for Ionikos F.C. in the Beta Ethniki .
Tom Townsend ( born 19 February 1971 ) is an English professional bridge player and writer .
Megan Mylan ( born 1969 ) is an American documentary film director , known for her films Lost Boys of Sudan and the 2008 Academy Award - winning Smile Pinki .
Jan Lauwereyns ( born 13 May 1969 ) , full name Johan Marc José Lauwereyns , is a writer and scientist .
Ling Zhengce ( Chinese : 令政策 ; pinyin : Lìng Zhèngcè ; born May 1952 ) is a former Chinese politician from Shanxi province .
Ephraim Fishel Hershkowitz ( Hebrew : אפרים פישל הערשקאוויטש‎ ) ( born 2 October 1922 in Mukačevo , Czechoslovakia ( present - day Ukraine ) ) , the Haleiner Rav , is the senior Klausenburger dayan in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , New York .
Noelle Vial ( née Sharkey ; 1959 -- January 19 , 2003 ) was an Irish poet .
Nóirín Ní Riain ( born 1951 , Caherconlish , County Limerick ) is an Irish singer , writer , teacher , theologian , and authority on Gregorian Chant ( plainchant , plainsong ) .
Monk Boudreaux ( born Joseph Pierre Boudreaux ; 1941 in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States ) is the Big Chief of the Golden Eagles , a Mardi Gras Indian tribe .
Benjamin Wilburn McDonnold , D.D. , LL.D. ( March 24 , 1827- February 27 , 1889 ) was a Presbyterian minister , writer and educator .
Binodini Dasi ( 1862 - -1941 ) , also known as Notee Binodini , was a Calcutta - based , Bengali - speaking renowned actress and thespian .
Erol Evcil ( born 2 May 1966 , Mudanya , Bursa Province ) , is a Turkish businessman convicted of money - laundering and ordering a murder .
Nicolás Vigneri ( born 6 July 1983 ) is a Uruguayan footballer his position is striker or winger .
Polly Stockton ( born 23 October 1973 ) is a British event rider .
Blessed Thomas Tsugi was born around the year 1571 in Japan , to a wealthy family of Japanese nobility .
David L Peterson ( born 1954 ) is a research biologist with the United States Forest Service and affiliate professor at the School of Environmental and Forest Sciences , at the University of Washington .
Vladimir Herzog ( 27 June 1937 -- 25 October 1975 ) nicknamed Vlado , was a Brazilian journalist , university professor and playwright of Croatian Jewish origin .
Mustafa Hasanagić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мустафа Хасанагић ; born 20 April 1941 ) is a former Yugoslav football player and manager .
Janice Knickrehm ( June 4 , 1925 -- January 23 , 2013 ) was an American actress known for her role in the film Halloween :
LeRoy Martin ( 1929−August 31 , 2013 ) was an American police chief and officer .
Tomasz Schafernaker ( born 8 January 1979 ) is a Polish - British meteorologist for the Met Office , best known for his appearances for BBC Weather .
Gary Gentile ( born 1946 ) is an American author and pioneering technical diver .
Orsolya Karalyos ( born 18 May 1991 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Debreceni VSC in right back position .
Gere Kavanaugh ( born 1929 ) is an American textile , industrial , and interior designer .
Peter Graulund ( born 20 September 1976 ) is a former Danish professional footballer who last played for AGF Aarhus .
Nao Kodaira ( Japanese : 小平 奈緒 ; born 26 May 1986 ) is a Japanese long - track speed skater who specialises in the sprint distances .
Jan Kudlička ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjan ˈkudlɪtʃka ) , born 29 April 1988 ) is a Czech pole vaulter .
Anthony Hartley ( 1925 - -2000 ) was a writer and critic .
Msiri ( c. 1830 -- December 20 , 1891 ) founded and ruled the Yeke Kingdom ( also called the Garanganze or Garenganze kingdom ) in south - east Katanga ( now in DR Congo ) from about 1856 to 1891 .
Vladimir Tsepelyov ( born 10 October 1956 ) is a retired long jumper who represented the USSR .
Henry Huntingford ( 1787 - 1867 ) was an English clergyman and miscellaneous writer .
Rolf Biland ( born 1 April 1951 ) is a Swiss former sidecar racer .
Yasuyuki Yoshida ( Japan : born 19 December 1982 ) is a Japanese football player who plays as a Goalkeeper for Western Phnom Penh in the Cambodian League .
Abbas El - Zein ( Arabic : ﻋﺒﺎﺲ اﻟﺰﻳﻦ ; born 1963 ) is an Australian - Lebanese writer and academic .
Hasney Aljofree ( born 11 July 1978 ) is a former English footballer who played as a defender .
Damien Molony ( born 21 February 1984 ) is an Irish actor now based in London .
János Petrán ( born 28 August 1934 ) is a former Hungarian diplomat , who served as Hungarian Ambassador to the United States between 1981 and 1983 .
Jean Patou ( pronounced : ( ʒɑ̃ pa.tu ) ; 19 August 1880 - 8 March 1936 ) was a French fashion designer and founder of the Jean Patou brand .
Prof . Pirouz Mojtahedzadeh ( born 9 February 1946 ) is a renowned Iranian political scientist and historian .
Imed Ben Younes ( Arabic : عماد بن يونس‎ ) ( born 16 June 1974 ) was a Tunisian football player .
Sarah Simblet ( born 1972 ) is a graphic artist , writer and broadcaster , who teaches anatomical drawing at the Ruskin School of Drawing and Fine Art at the University of Oxford .
Luca Turilli ( born 5 March 1972 ) is an Italian musician ( primarily a guitarist ) and songwriter .
Per Jorsett ( born 11 May 1920 ) is a Norwegian freelance sports reporter , sport historian and sports shooter .
Aarathi ( born 1954 ) is an Indian actress turned director who works predominantly in Kannada language films .
Fuad Issa al - Jouni ( also Fouad ; Arabic : فؤاد عيسى الجوني‎ ; born 1950 ) is a former Minister of Industry for Syria .
Tang Muli ( Chinese : 汤沐黎 ; pinyin : Tāng Mùlǐ ) ( born 1947 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese painter and poet currently residing in Montreal , Quebec .
Kenny Imes ( born in 1947 ) is a U.S. politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 5 since January 8 , 2013 .
Stephanie Hickey ( born 3 July 1985 ) is an Australian snowboard slalom and snowboard cross competitor , who has worked as a presenter and MC for winter sport and surf events .
Frank Forman ( 23 May 1875 -- 4 December 1961 ) was an English professional footballer , who was one of three members of the same family who started his professional career with Derby County before joining Nottingham Forest and going on to play for England , for whom he made nine appearances ( once as captain ) .
Marianne Greenwood ( 1916 - -2006 ) was a photographer and author .
Toby Young ( born 17 October 1963 ) is a British journalist and educationalist .
Charles Bennet , 2nd Earl of Tankerville KT ( 21 December 1697 -- 14 March 1753 ) , styled Lord Ossulston between 1714 and 1722 , was a British peer and politician .
Piotr Tomasz Nowakowski ( born 1974 ) is a Polish researcher , Doctor of Pedagogy , Assistant Professor at the John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin .
Adam Alexi - Malle ( born 24 September 1964 ) is an Italian actor , singer , dancer and musician .
Günter Bischof ( born 6 October 1953 in Mellau , Vorarlberg ) is an Austrian - American historian and university professor .
Russell Carollo ( born 1955 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning American journalist who has worked as an investigative reporter for the Dayton Daily News , the Los Angeles Times , and The Sacramento Bee .
Tom W. Shaw ( born 1961 ) is the Iowa State Representative from the 10th District .
Mohammad Javed Omar Belim ( born 25 November 1976 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who has played Tests and ODI cricket since 2005 .
Drago Štajnberger ( born Adolf Steinberger ; 15 February 1916 -- 3 March 1942 ) was a Croatian Jewish Partisan and a People 's Hero of Yugoslavia .
George Dennett ( in full Edward George Dennett and sometimes just Edward Dennett ; 27 April 1879 -- 15 September 1937 ) was a left arm spinner for Gloucestershire between 1903 and 1926 , and from his figures could be considered one of the best bowlers never to play Test cricket .
Michael Jeltsch ( born July 28 , 1969 , Hemer / NW , Germany ) is a German researcher in the field of Biochemistry .
Eva Ďurišinová , married name Križková , ( born 20 March 1961 ) is a Slovak former competitive figure skater .
Mohammed Nasif Kheirbek ( Arabic : محمد ناصيف خيربك‎ ) known as Mohammed Nasif or Abu Wael , ( 10 April 1937 - 28 June 2015 ) was the deputy vice - president for security affairs in Syria .
Kaka Joginder Singh ( 1918 in Gujranwala -- December 23 , 1998 , in Bareilly ) ( also known as Dharti Pakad , meaning `` one who clings '' ) was a textile owner who contested and lost over 300 elections in India .
Charles Poulett Thomson , 1st Baron Sydenham GCB PC ( 13 September 1799 -- 19 September 1841 ) was a British businessman , politician , diplomat and the first Governor General of the united Province of Canada .
Rabbi Yaakov Yisrael Kanievsky , known as The Steipler or The Steipler Gaon ( 1899 - -1985 ) , was a rabbi , Talmudic scholar , and posek ( `` decisor '' of Jewish law ) .
Marco Antônio Gonçalves dos Santos , better known as Skowa ( born December 13 , 1955 ) , is a Brazilian singer - songwriter and musician .
Jørgen Løvset ( 4 January 1896 -- 15 August 1981 ) was a Norwegian professor of medicine , gynecology and obstetrics .
Raymond Moylette , more commonly known as Ray Moylette and sometimes incorrectly referred to as Ray Moylett , ( born 11 April 1990 ) is an Irish amateur boxer from Derrycooraune , Islandeady , County Mayo , Ireland .
Boleslav Skhirtladze ( Georgian : ბოლესლავ სხირტლაძე ; born 14 June 1987 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian long jumper .
Alexandra Mazur ( born in 1986 in Moscow ) was elected The Beauty of Russia in July 2006 , while competing with 44 other contestants from various regions of Russia .
Gayle Chaneyfield - Jenkins ( born 1957 ) is an American politician in Newark , New Jersey .
Firat Ayverdi is a Kurdish film actor , born in 1990 , best known for his lead role as young Bilal in French director Philippe Lioret 's film Welcome about illegal immigration , a film that co - stars French actor Vincent Lindon .
Maria Clotilde Belo de Carvalho Rosa Franco ( born 11 May 1930 ) , known as Clotilde Rosa , is a Portuguese harpist , music educator and composer .
Mary Crudelius ( née Maclean , 23 February 1839 -- 24 July 1877 ) was a British campaigner for women 's education who lived in Leith , Edinburgh in the 1860s and 1870s , and was a supporter of women 's suffrage .
Apostolos Vellios ( Greek : Απόστολος Βέλλιος ) ( born 8 January 1992 ) is a Greek football striker who plays for Greek Superleague club Iraklis .
Marcos Caldeira ( born 27 February 1988 ) is a Portuguese athlete competing in the long and triple jump .
Magdalena Trzebiatowska ( born 1971 ) is a Polish contemporary painter .
Vijayakala Maheswaran ( Tamil : விஜயகலா மகேசுவரன் ; born 23 November 1972 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and state minister .
Vera Hamenoo - Kpeda ( born 23 June 1992 ) better known by her stage name MzVee , is a Ghanaian afropop , dancehall and R&B artiste .
Mareike Carrière ( 26 July 1954 -- 17 March 2014 ) was a German actress , spokesperson and translator .
Charles Fox Townshend ( 28 June 1795 -- 1817 ) was the founder of the Eton Society .
Kyle Horch ( born 1964 ) is a classical saxophonist .
Lan Tianye ( born 1927 ) is a Chinese actor and painter .
John Darrell ( born 1562 in or near Mansfield ) was an Anglican clergyman noted for his Puritan views and practice as an exorcist .
Bárður Oskarsson ( born 18 July 1972 in Tórshavn ) is a Faroese children 's writer , illustrator and artist , who has won several literary awards .
Saud bin Fahd Al Saud ( born 8 October 1950 ) is a Saudi Arabian businessman and the former vice president of general intelligence directorate .
Alberto Bressan ( born 15 June 1956 ) is an Italian mathematician at Penn State University .
Rolf Peter Ingvar Storm ( born 27 August 1953 ) , known professionally as Peter Stormare ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈpeːtɛr ' stɔrmarɛ ) ) , is a Swedish actor , voice actor , theatre director , playwright , and musician .
Alexander Heath ( born 21 September 1978 ) is a South African Olympic athlete .
Arjan Kripal Singh ( born 13 February 1969 in Madras ( now Chennai ) , Tamil Nadu ) , is an Indian cricketer .
Hazem Farraj ( Arabic : حازم فراج‎ born 1984 ) is an American writer , minister , and televangelist .
Sou Yaty ( Khmer : ស៊ូ យ៉ាទី ; born 17 December 1991 ) is a Cambodian footballer , who currently plays for Boeung Ket Angkor .
Serhiy Osovych ( born 16 December 1973 ) is an Austrian sprinter of Ukrainian origin , who specialized in the 200 metres .
Cecilie Gotaas Johnsen ( born 20 April 1976 ) is a Norwegian professional road cyclist .
Saliou Akadiri ( born 1950 ) is a Beninese politician and diplomat .
Carlos Gabriel Correa Viana ( born 13 January 1968 ) is an Uruguayan retired footballer , and a current coach .
Ross Hannah ( born 14 May 1986 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Chester , as a striker .
Padam Chand Jain ( P.C. Jain ) ( born 30 September 1930 ) is an Indian mathematician who specialised in numerical solutions of partial differential equations .
Charles Lecour ( 1808 -- 1894 ) had started his studies of Savate at an early age , was a student of Michel Casseux who merged Savate and English Boxing to a fighting style he eventually called French Boxing .
Alexandra Zapruder ( born 1969 ) is the author of Salvaged Pages :
Alexander Besher ( born in China in 1951 ) is an author of fiction and non - fiction .
Colin Baker ( born 8 June 1943 ) is an English actor who played Paul Merroney in The Brothers from 1974 to 1976 , and the sixth incarnation of The Doctor in the long - running science fiction television series Doctor Who from 1984 to 1986 .
Major D. Sreeram Kumar AC ( born 1981 ) is an Indian Army officer .
Carrie Messner ( born 7 June 1977 ) is an American long - distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
José Ramos Preto ( Louriçal do Campo , Castelo Branco 1871 -- Louriçal do Campo , 7 January 1949 ) was a Portuguese jurist and politician during the Portuguese First Republic .
Professor Armin Delong ( born 29 January 1925 , Ostrava , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech physicist .
John Donald McLean ( 1820 -- 16 Dec 1866 ) was a politician and colonial Treasurer of Queensland .
Barry B. Levine ( born 1941 ) is an American academic and founding professor of Sociology at the Florida International University .
Carlos M. García , born on June 25 , 1971 , is a Puerto Rican banker who served as president of the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank ( GDB ) from 2009 to 2011 during the administration of Governor Luis Fortuño .
Daniel Poor ( 27 June 1789 , Massachusetts , United States - 3 February 1855 , Manipai , Jaffna ) was a Presbyterian missionary and educator , founder of the first English School in Jaffna , Sri Lanka .
Graham Ord born 22 March 1961 , is an English musician and songwriter .
John David Pawson ( born 25 February 1930 ) is a prominent Bible teacher based in Great Britain .
Élie Chouraqui ( born 3 July 1950 ) is a French film director and scriptwriter of Jewish origin .
Marnie Reed Crowell ( born 1939 in Grafton , Massachusetts ) is a conservationist , natural history writer and poet .
Theodoros Angelinos ( born 29 May 1984 in Athens , Greece ) , is a professional tennis player who participates in the ATP International Tennis Tour .
Tito Climent ( 1917 - 1988 ) was an Argentine singer and film actor .
James Magnussen ( born 11 April 1991 ) is an Australian swimmer and Olympic medallist .
C.T. Venugopal ( 1907 - -1972 ) was an Indian civil services officer and was a member of the Indian Railways Accounts Services .
Ma Xingrui ( Chinese : 马兴瑞 ; born October 1959 ) is a Chinese aerospace engineer and politician who is the Communist Party Secretary of Shenzhen , China 's most prominent special economic zone .
Alexander Smith Cochran ( February 28 , 1874 -- June 20 , 1929 ) was a manufacturer , sportsman and philanthropist from Yonkers , New York .
Enes Sağlık ( born 8 July 1991 ) is a Turkish Belgium born footballer who plays for Charleroi in the Belgian Pro League .
Oli Silk ( born on 7 March 1979 in London , UK ) is a British smooth jazz keyboardist , Producer and Composer .
Pierre Auguste Cot ( 17 February 1837 -- 2 August 1883 ) was a French painter of the Academic Classicism school .
Gillian Reynolds MBE , née Morton ( born 1935 in Liverpool ) is a British radio critic , journalist and broadcaster .
Sam Thore Jerrie Lundwall ( born 24 February 1941 ) , published as Sam J. Lundwall , is a Swedish science fiction writer , translator , publisher and singer .
Stewart Morris , OBE , ( 25 May 1909 -- 24 February 1991 ) was a British sailor , born in Bromley , Kent .
Abbas Ahmad Akhoundi ( Persian : عباس احمد آخوندی , born 6 June 1957 ) is an Iranian politician and academic and Minister of Transportation .
Lodovica Comello ( born 13 April 1990 ) is an Italian actress , singer and dancer , who gained international popularity for her role as `` Francesca '' in the Argentine Disney Channel series Violetta .
Noah Ablett ( 4 October 1883 -- 31 October 1935 ) was a trade unionist and political theorist who is most noted for contributing to ' The Miners ' Next Step ' , a Syndicalist treaty which Ablett described as ' scientific trade unionism .
Gary Arndt ( born 1969 ) is an US American blogger and photographer .
Béla Tomka ( born 8 May 1962 in Salgótarján ) is a Hungarian historian and a professor at the Department of History , University of Szeged .
Thaddée Nsengiyumva ( 17 March 1949 - 8 June 1994 ) was the Bishop of Kabgayi in Rwanda .
Edward Enfield ( born 1929 in Hampstead , London ) is an English television and radio presenter and newspaper journalist .
Nathan Gonzalez ( born in 1979 ) is an American scholar , author and journalist based in Orange County , California .
Aldo Tambellini ( 20 April 1930 ) is an Italian American artist .
Knut Buen ( born 31 October 1948 ) is a Norwegian fiddler , composer , folklorist and publisher .
Dr. Saadallah Agha al - Qalaa ( Arabic : سعد الله آغا القلعة‎ ) ( b. Damascus , 1950 ) is the former minister of tourism in Syria .
Mark Marderosian ( born 1955 ) is a prolific cartoonist , animator and children 's book illustrator , a comic book artist and noted toy designer .
Amar Agarwal was born in Chennai on 20 July 1960 to Padma Bhusan Dr. Jaiveer Agarwal and Dr. Tahira Agarwal .
Gizzi Erskine ( born 20 August 1979 ) is a British chef and TV personality .
Eliška Junková ( 16 November 1900 -- 5 January 1994 ) , born Alžběta Pospíšilová and also known as Elizabeth Junek , was a Czechoslovakian automobile racer .
Mark Epton ( born 22 October 1965 in Mexborough , Doncaster ) is a retired flyweight boxer from England , who won a silver medal at the 1986 Commonwealth Games .
Junast ( also Junastu ; 1934 - -2010 ) was a Chinese linguist of Mongolian ethnicity who specialized in the study of the Monguor language , Eastern Yugur language and the ' Phags - pa script .
Brecht Dejaegere ( born 29 May 1991 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Belgian Pro League club Gent .
Freiherr Johann Ludwig von Westphalen ( 11 July 1770 -- 3 March 1842 ) was a liberal government official , Prussian aristocrat with Scottish heritage , and a friend , mentor , and father - in - law of Karl Marx .
Leslie Hewitt ( born Saint Albans , New York 1977 ) is a contemporary visual artist .
Gabriel Cusson ( 2 April 1903 , Roxton Pond , Quebec - 18 Apr 1972 , Montreal ) was a Canadian composer and music educator .
Teddy Gross ( Theodore Faro Gross ) ( born 1949 ) is the founder ( 1991 ) and executive director of Common Cents , a national not - for - profit educational organization , which specializes in designing citizenship programs for children and young people , and supporting their work in schools throughout America .
Sudipto Das ( born 12 July 1973 ) is the author of the novel The Ekkos Clan , released in July 2013 by Niyogi Books and the coffee table book Myths & Truths Behind The Ekkos Clan , released in April 2014 .
Zainal Abedin , son of Wareshtullah Mandal , was born on 29 October 1938 at Kabilpur in Murshidabad district .
Rubens Korubin was born in Prilep , in 1949 and lives in Skopje .
Marta Gastini ( born 2 October 1989 ) is an Italian actress , best known for playing Giulia Farnese in Borgia and for starring in the film The Rite .
Stephen Spurr ( born 9 October 1953 ) is a British teacher , classicist , and academic .
Swapna Waghmare Joshi ( 16 July 1966 ) is a well - known director and producer of TV Serials .
Flavio Briatore ( Italian : ( ˈflaːvjo bri.aˈtoːre ) ; born 12 April 1950 ) is an Italian businessman .
Don Perrin ( born 1 October 1964 ) is a Canadian writer and former military officer .
Sandy Hoyt ( 1939 in New Glasgow , Nova Scotia -- August 5 , 2002 in Picton , Ontario ) was a Toronto media and radio personality .
Erik Bødtker Øyno ( born 1965 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and chief executive officer of Aktiv Kapital .
Reginald Pecock ( or Peacock ; c. 1395 - - c. 1461 ) was an English prelate , Scholastic , and writer .
Bennett Pang Kin - San ( Chinese : 彭健新 , born 7 April 1949 ) is a Hong Kong musician , singer and actor .
Rao Guohua ( 1894 - December 1 , 1937 ) was a Sichuan clique Chinese general who was killed during the Second Sino - Japanese War .
Willem van den Blocke ( alternative names : Willem van den Block , Willem van den Bloocke , Wilhelm von dem Block , Wilhelm von dem Blocke , Wilhem van Block ) ( c. 1550 - 1628 ) was a sculptor and architect of Flemish descent who was active in the Baltics and worked in a mannerist style .
Ritratti di donne nella pittura di Giuseppe Amisani ( 1879 - 1941 ) , Galleria Civica di Bari , 2012 .
Arne Friedrich ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaɐ̯nə ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ) ) ( born 29 May 1979 ) is a German football coach and former football defender .
Naveen Perwani ( Sindhi : نویں پرواني ) ( born 23 October 1971 ) is a Pakistani amateur snooker player .
Jonathan Potter ( born 8 June 1956 ) , is Dean of the School of Communication and Information , at Rutgers University and one of the originators of discursive psychology .
Jacobus Zaffius ( 1534 -- 19 January 1618 ) , was a Catholic pastor in Haarlem .
Brad Vigon ( born 7 April 1969 ) is an Australian former ice hockey player and current head coach for the Melbourne Mustangs of the Australian Ice Hockey League as well as the assistant coach for the Australian men 's national team .
Robert J. Beck ( born 1961 ) is an educator and scholar of international law and international relations .
Tancred of Bologna or of Germany ( c. 1185 -- 1230/1236 ) , commonly just Tancredus , was a Dominican preacher and canonist .
J. Steward Davis ( 1890 - - ? ) was an Afro - American lawyer and political activist in Baltimore , Maryland .
Basil Soda ( c. 1967 -- March 30 , 2015 ) was a Lebanese fashion designer based in Beirut .
William Headline ( December 24 , 1931 -- October 20 , 2008 ) served as Washington bureau chief for 12 years during the formative years of CNN and headed the Voter News Service during the United States 2000 presidential election .
Assi Tubi ( Hebrew : אסי טובי‎ , born 27 January 1972 ) is an Israeli footballer .
Sultan Abdullah Ma'ayat Shah was the 6th Sultan of Johor who reigned from 1615 to 1623 .
Albert Castelyns , also known as Albert Casteleyns ( born 2 May 1917 ) was a Belgian water polo player who competed in the late 1930s .
Diego Benedito Galvão Máximo , commonly known as Diego ( born 22 April 1986 ) is a Brazilian football player .
Zheng Weiping ( Chinese : 郑卫平 ; pinyin : Zhèng Wèipíng ; born 1955 ) is a general ( shang jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China and the current Political Commissar of the Eastern Theater Command .
Hans Wehrmann ( born 9 May 1964 in Hanover ) German entrepreneur , economist and author of literature in scientific management .
Konrad Cordatus or Conrad Cordatus ( 1480 - 1546 ) was a preacher in Niemegk who severely attacked Philipp Melanchthon , German reformer and collaborator with Martin Luther , during his sojourn in Tübingen in 1536 .
Gerardo Arturo González Sü ( March 02 , 1984 ) is a Mexican entrepreneur .
Darren Goldspink ( born 12 September 1964 ) is a veteran Australian rules football umpire in the Australian Football League .
Ole Mørk ( born 28 May 1948 ) , sometimes known as Ole Mørch , is a Danish football manager and former player , who was most recently youth coach at HB Køge .
Amos Tirop Matui ( born 27 May 1976 ) is a Kenyan professional long - distance and marathon runner .
Caridad Jerez Castellanos ( born 23 January 1991 in Palma de Mallorca ) is a Spanish athlete specialising in the sprint hurdles .
Andreas Lang , better known by the stagename Andy Lee Lang ( born Vienna 26 July 1965 ) is an Austrian rock'n'roll musician .
Noemie Benczer Koller ( born 1933 ) is a nuclear physicist .
Axel Cleeremans ( born 5 March 1962 ) is a Research Director with the National Fund for Scientific Research ( Belgium ) and a professor of cognitive science with the Department of Psychology of the Université Libre de Bruxelles , Brussels .
R. Barrie Walkley ( born 1944 ) is a career foreign service officer and the former Special Advisor to Secretary of State Clinton for the Great Lakes and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
James Hilgendorf , ( born on 29 March 1982 in Sydney , Australia ) is a rugby union professional who plays for the Melbourne Rebels in the Super Rugby competition .
Shane Valenti ( born 29 January 1987 ) is an Australian rules footballer , who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Pamela Crain ( born 17 July 1939 , St Albans , Hertfordshire ) is a former East Anglia and International XI women international cricketer .
David Hurd ( born 1950 ) is a composer , concert organist , choral director and educator .
Valeri Simeonov Simeonov ( Bulgarian : Валери Симеонов Симеонов ) , ( born 14 March 1955 ) is a Bulgarian politician who is one of the leaders and founding members of the National Front for the Salvation of Bulgaria .
Jean de Cambefort ( 1605 - -1676 ) was a French Baroque composer of ballets and liturgical music .
Erbim Fagu ( born 15 April 1987 ) is a retired Albanian professional footballer who played as a defender .
Barney Moylan ( born 1943 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing - forward for the Offaly senior hurling team .
Marina Petrella ( born 23 August 1954 ) is a former member of the terrorist Italian left wing group the Red Brigades .
Suzanne Brockmann ( born 1960 ) is an American romantic fiction writer .
James Geary ( born 1962 ) is an American - born writer , former Europe editor of Time and deputy curator of the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard .
Andrea Iannone ( born 9 August 1989 ) is an Italian professional motorcycle road racer who currently competes in the MotoGP world championship , for the factory Ducati Team .
Margaret Bechard ( born 1953 ) is an American author of contemporary and science fiction for children and young adults .
Louis Bancel ( born at Valence , 1628 ; died at Avignon , 1685 ) was a French Dominican theologian .
Desha Breckinridge ( August 5 , 1867 -- February 18 , 1935 ) was the editor and publisher of the Lexington Herald from 1897 to 1935 .
Claus - Dieter Wollitz ( born 19 July 1965 ) is a German former footballer and most recently the manager of FC Viktoria Köln .
Ivor Bolton ( born 17 May 1958 in Blackrod , England ) is an English conductor and harpsichordist .
Hossein Mazaheri ( born in 1934 ) is an Iranian Shia Marja .
Anwar Maqsood Hameedi ( Urdu : انور مقصود حمیدی ) commonly known as Anwar Maqsood ( b. 1935 ) is a Pakistani scriptwriter , television host , satirist , humorist , and infrequent actor .
Pilar de Lusarreta ( 1914 - -1967 ) was an Argentine author and critic .
Hicham Aboucherouane ( Arabic : هشام بوشروان‎ ) ( born 2 April 1981 in Aounat , El Jadida Province ) is a Moroccan footballer .
Ilias Hatzipavlis ( Greek : Ηλίας Χατζηπαυλής , born 24 May 1949 ) is a Greek sailor .
Henry Mazer ( 1917 - -2002 ) , was an American conductor who was also the former conductor and music director of Taipei Philharmonic Orchestra from 1985 until suffering a stroke in February 2001 .
Yukika Sohma ( 1912 -- November 8 , 2008 ) was a Japanese scholar and the founder of the Association for Aid and Relief .
Lloyd Weier ( 1938 - 2003 ) was an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s .
Khalil Rashow or Xelîl Cindî Reşo ( born 1952 ) is a contemporary Yazidi academic , writer and researcher .
Ron Sim Chye Hock ( born 1958 ) is a Singaporean business magnate and investor .
Georges de Selve ( 1508 -- 12 April 1541 ) was a French scholar , diplomat and ecclesiastic .
Robert J. Dalessandro ( born 1958 , in New York , New York ) is an American historian and author who has written and presented extensively on the American Expeditionary Forces contributions to the First World War .
Norman Macrae CBE ( 1923 -- 11 June 2010 ) was a British economist , journalist and author , considered by some to have been one of the world 's best forecasters when it came to economics and society .
Akiko Iwasaki ( born in 1970 ) is a Professor of Department of Immunobiology and Department of Molecular , Cellular , and Developmental Biology at Yale University .
Don Leandro Mbomio Nsue , born 5 January 1938 ( Mbea - Nsomo ; Micomeseng ) , died 12 November 2012 ( Malabo ) at Evinayong , Spanish Guinea , is an Equatorial Guinean sculptor and artist , and former minister of Education and minister of information , tourism , art and culture .
Nuala O'Faolain ( /ˈnuːlə oʊ ˈfweɪlɑːn/ ; 1 March 1940 -- 9 May 2008 ) was an Irish journalist , TV producer , book reviewer , teacher and writer .
Neville Tuli ( born 24 April 1964 ) is the Founder Chairman of the `` Osian 's '' Group of companies .
Joseph Gibb Robertson ( 1 January 1820 -- 13 March 1899 ) was a Scottish - born merchant , farmer and political figure in Quebec .
Jim Steinmeyer ( born 1 November 1958 ) is an internationally respected designer of magical illusions and theatrical special effects .
Sanjoy Nag , born 18 March 1967 , is a Bengali film director .
Diyap Yıldırım or Diyap agha ( 1852 in Çemişgezek , in Dersim -- 1932 in Sivas ) was a Zaza Turkish politician and Dersim tribe leader .
Deyan Enev ( Bulgarian : Деян Енев ) ( born 11 August 1960 ) is a Bulgarian writer and journalist .
David Osler ( born 12 May 1960 in Whitechapel , London ) is a British journalist , blogger and author , He was educated at Wellingborough Grammar School , City of London Polytechnic and the London School of Economics .
Rebecca Lowe ( born 11 November 1980 ) is a British television presenter and anchor who works for NBC and NBC Sports .
Nils Brakchi ( born 22 November 1968 ) is a Danish painter and musician raised in the suburban town of Højby , Denmark .
He Xiaopeng ( Chinese : 何小鹏 ; pinyin : Hē Xiǎopéng ; born 3 November 1977 ) is a Chinese entrepreneur known as the co - founder and president of product at UCWeb Inc. , the Chinese mobile Internet software and service provider he co - founded in 2004 .
Nikola Trujić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Трујић ; born 14 April 1992 ) is a Serbian professional footballer .
Raúl Llorente Raposo ( born 2 April 1986 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club AEL Kalloni F.C. as a left back .
William Aaron Woods ( born 1942 ) , generally known as Bill Woods , is a researcher in natural language processing , continuous speech understanding , knowledge representation , and knowledge - based search technology .
Richie Pugh ( born 10 August 1983 in Swansea ) is Wales international rugby union player who plays at openside flanker .
Molly Peacock ( born Buffalo , New York 1947 ) is an American - Canadian poet , essayist , biographer and speaker , whose multi - genre literary life also includes memoir , short fiction , and a one - woman show .
Magdalena Kuras ( born 14 May 1988 ) is a Swedish freestyle swimmer representing Malmö KK .
Helen Berman ( Hebrew : הלן ברמן‎ ; born 6 April 1936 ) is a Dutch - Israeli visual artist .
Jacqueline Denise Welch ( born 22 May 1958 ) is an English actress , dancer and television presenter .
Anil Moonesinghe ( 15 February 1927 -- 8 December 2002 ) was a Sri Lankan Trotskyist revolutionary politician and trade unionist .
William Norman Ewer ( 22 October 1885 -- 25 January 1977 ) was a British journalist , remembered mostly now for a few lines of verse .
Alexander van Oudenaarden ( 19 March 1970 ) is a Dutch biophysicist and systems biologist .
Karen Dahl ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian ceramics artist .
Constance Menard ( born 17 May 1968 ) is a French professional dressage rider and equestrienne .
Boyd McDonald ( born 28 September 1932 ) is a Canadian pianist , fortepianist , composer , and music educator .
Rev. Robert Horne Stevenson ( 27 October 1812 - 15 November 1886 ) was a Scottish minister .
Scott Lycett ( born 26 September 1992 , in Ceduna , South Australia ) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Yücel İldiz ( born 4 June 1953 ) is a Turkish football manager who currently works for Karabükspor .
Milton Banana ( born Antônio de Souza ) ( 23 April 1935 -- 22 May 1998 ) was a bossa nova jazz drummer .
Sebastião Pereira do Nascimento ( born 24 February 1976 ) , also known as Didi , is a professional Brazilian football player .
Medea de Novara ( 1905 - -2001 ) was a Liechtenstein - born actress who appeared in Mexican films .
Mariano Sozzini il giovane also Socini ( 1482 - -1556 ) was an Italian jurist after whom the cautela sociniana is named .
Jessica Roux ( born 10 November 1992 in Port Elizabeth ) is a South African distance swimmer .
Yuan - Sheng Tsai ( Chinese : 蔡元勝 , born 1969 ) , is a Taiwanese artist born in Taipei .
Ken Rockburn ( born 1947 ) is a Canadian radio and television journalist and host .
Jeffrey Mehlman ( born 1944 , in New York City ) is a literary critic and a historian of ideas .
Audrey Ushenko ( born in 1945 ) is an American realist figurative painter .
Xavier Rodriguez ( born 1961 ) is a former Justice on the Texas Supreme Court and currently sits on the bench as a Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas .
Francis Agu ( 18 February 1965 -- 20 March 2007 ) was a Nigerian TV and cinema ( `` Nollywood '' ) actor .
Carole Sabiston ( born 1948 ) is a Canadian textile artist who lives in Victoria , British Columbia .
Henri Dumont ( also Henry Du Mont , originally Henry de Thier ) ( 1610 -- 8 May 1684 ) was a Southern - Netherlandisch composer .
Girishwar Misra ( born 21 April 1951 ) is a social scientist , psychologist and author from India .
Heather Wright ( born 1950 ) is an English actress , noted for her performances in film and television .
Charles , Grand Duke of Baden ( Karl Ludwig Friedrich ; 8 July 1786 -- 8 December 1818 ) became ruler of the Grand Duchy of Baden on 11 June 1811 and ruled until his death .
Joel Morrison ( born 1976 , Seattle , Washington ) is an American sculptor based in Los Angeles .
Michael Lenihan O.F.M. ( 22 September 1951 -- ) is the first Bishop of La Ceiba since his episcopal ordination on 11 February 2012 .
Ágústa Eva Erlendsdóttir ( pronounced ( ˈauːkusta ˈɛːva ˈɛrlɛntsˌtouʰtɪr ) ; born 28 July 1982 ) is an Icelandic singer and actress .
The Telheiras rapist ( Violador de Telheiras ) , real name Henrique Paulino Sotero ( born 1980 ) , is a Portuguese engineer and violent sex offender who admitted responsibility for around 40 rapes in the Greater Lisbon area from 2008 to 2009 .
Noh Hong - chul ( Korean : 노홍철 , Hanja : 盧弘喆 ; born 31 March 1979 ) is a South Korean entertainer and entrepreneur .
Raju Srivastava ( born Satya Prakash Srivastava on 25 December 1963 ) , often credited as Gajodhar or Raju Shrivastav , is an Indian comedian .
Andy Meyrick ( born 4 September 1985 ) is a British racing driver currently competing in the United SportsCar Championship and the Blancpain Endurance Series .
John Finlaison , eldest son of Donald Finlayson and Isabella Sutherland , was born in Thurso , Caithness on 27 August 1783 .
Amba Sanyal ( born 1945 ) is an Indian theater artist and costume designer .
Annabelle Prölß ( born 30 March 1999 ) is a German figure skater who is best known for her pairs career .
Frederik Johan van Baer , Lord of Slangenburg ( 27 July 1645 -- December 15 , 1713 ) was a Dutch officer in the military service of William III of Orange .
Joe Painter FAcSS ( born 1965 ) is a British geographer and academic .
Ulrich Papke ( born 4 May 1962 ) is an East German - German sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s .
General Yun I m ( 1487-August 30 , 1545 ) was a politician and soldier of the Korean Joseon Dynasty .
Joel Olson ( 4 November 1967 -- 29 March 2012 ) was an associate professor of political theory at Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff and a social justice activist .
Mohamed Salah Ben Mrad ( 1881 - -1979 ) was a Tunisian theologian , journalist and intellectual .
Stefan Stam ( born 14 September 1979 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a centre back for Dutch Topklasse side Katwijk .
Pierre - Georges LeClercq ( born 19 June 1893 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian long - distance runner .
Morris Kurtzon ( born 1875 in Lithuania ) was the president and founder of Mount Sinai Hospital of Chicago from its inception in 1919 until 1945 .
Renato Portaluppi ( born 9 September 1962 ) , known as Renato Gaúcho , is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a winger and current manager .
Alexander Nikolayevich Engelhardt ( Russian : Александр Николаевич Энгельгардт ; 2 August ( O.S. 21 July ) 1832 -- February 2 ( O.S. 21 July ) 1893 ) was a Russian military officer , agricultural scientist and publicist of Narodnik orientation .
Milan Susak ( Serbian : Milan Šušak , born 29 January 1984 ) is an Australian footballer .
Arne Patrik Klüft ( born Arne Patrik Kristiansson on 3 June 1977 in Göteborg ) is a Swedish pole vault athlete .
Samira Azzam ( September 13 , 1927 - August 8 , 1967 ) was a Palestinian writer , broadcaster , and translator known for her collections of short stories .
Tiffany Pham ( born 27 November 1986 ) is the Founder & CEO of MOGUL , an online news aggregator and publishing platform for women .
Petras Stankeras ( born 29 June 1948 in Trakai , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian historian specializing in World War II .
Rafael Murguía González ( born 16 February 1986 ) is a Mexican football player currently playing as a striker for Celaya .
Pascal Mailloux ( born 5 May 1957 in Granby , Quebec ) , is a famous Francophone Canadian Pianist
Joshua D. Zimmerman ( born 1966 ) is Professor of History at Yeshiva University , where he holds the Eli and Diana Zborowski Professorial Chair in Interdisciplinary Holocaust Studies .
Mardiyanto ( born 21 November 1946 in Surakarta , Central Java ) is an Indonesian politician and former General .
Michael ffrench - O'Carroll ( 15 September 1919 -- 5 May 2007 ) was an Irish politician and medical doctor .
Michael Muhammad Knight ( born 1977 ) is an American novelist , essayist , and journalist .
Abu Mohammed Abd as - Salam al - Qadiri ( 1648 - -1698 ) was an historian and genealogist of the Sharifian families of Morocco .
Tomáš Hübschman ( born 4 September 1981 ) is a Czech football player of German descent who plays for FK Baumit Jablonec .
Zhao Hejing ( Chinese : 赵和靖 ; pinyin : `` Zhào Héjìng '' ; born 19 May 1985 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League .
David Fogg ( born 28 May 1951 ) is an English former footballer who played for Oxford United and Wrexham .
Ilyas Khoja ( died 1368 ) was Khan in Transoxiana ( 1363 ) and Khan of Moghulistan from 1363 to 1368 .
Valerii Kryshen ( Ukrainian : Валерій Павлович Кришень ) ( b. 1955 ) is a Ukrainian scientist , doctor of medicine and professor of general surgery .
Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu ( Telugu : ద్వారం వెంకటస్వామి నాయుడు)(b . 8 November 1893 to d. 25 November 1964 ) was one of the most important carnatic music violinists of the 20th century .
Ron Haselden ( born 1944 ) is a British artist who splits his time between London and the French coastal town of Plouër - sur - Rance , in Brittany , France .
Josefina López ( born 1969 , San Luis Potosí , Mexico ) is a Chicana playwright , perhaps best known as the author of the play ( and co - author of the screenplay ) Real Women Have Curves .
Ty Pak ( born 1938 in Tae - Yong Pak ) is a writer and speaker on Korean / Asian American affairs and literature .
Bonnie Honig ( born 1959 ) , is a political , feminist , and legal theorist specialized in democratic theory .
Brinsley Nicholson M.D. ( 1824 - -1892 ) was a British physician , known as an editor of Elizabethan literature .
Gary Keedy ( born 27 November 1974 in Sandal , West Yorkshire ) is a slow - left arm spin bowler for Nottinghamshire .
Johannes Abezier ( c. 1375 -- 1424 ) , most usually known as Johann Abezier , was a Roman Catholic religious and political leader of the Teutonic Knights .
Joseph McKeown ( 10 February 1925 -- 12 February 2007 ) was a British photojournalist whose work documented the changes in Great Britain following the Second World War as well as embracing celebrity and fashion photography .
Saïd Omar Oili ( born 1956 ) was the president of the General Council of Mayotte from 8 April 2004 to 19 March 2008 .
Guglielmo Biraghi ( 1 September 1927 -- 23 April 2001 ) was an Italian critic and film festival director .
Wade A. Kimberlin ( born Houston , Texas , in 1970 ) is the author of many science - fiction and fantasy short stories , and one science - fiction novel .
Boris Hvoynev ( Bulgarian : Борис Хвойнев ) ( born 19 August 1967 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who spent more than a decade with Botev Plovdiv and played over 200 matches in the A PFG .
Adam Back ( born July 1970 ) is a British cryptographer and crypto - hacker .
Tina Maze ( pronounced ( ˈtiːna ˈmaːzɛ ) TEE - nah MAH - zeh ; born 2 May 1983 ) is a Slovenian World Cup alpine ski racer and a double Olympic gold medalist .
Riste Naumov ( Macedonian : Ристе Наумов ; born 14 April 1981 ) is a Macedonian football striker who now plays for Ayeyawady United .
Lateesha Ector ( born 1985 ) is a fashion model and Canadian beauty queen .
Harry Eden ( born 1 March 1990 ) is an English actor who won a British Independent Film Award in 2003 for Most Promising Newcomer for his role in Pure .
Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé ( born 1934 ) is a Uruguayan lawyer and political figure .
Bruno Pauletto ( born 21 January 1954 ) is a Canadian former track and field athlete who competed in the shot put .
Giulia Gonzaga ( 1513 -- 16 April 1566 ) was an Italian noblewoman of the Renaissance .
John Owen - Jones ( born 5 May 1971 ) is a Welsh musical theatre actor and singer , best known for his portrayals of Jean Valjean in Alain Boublil & Claude - Michel Schönberg 's Les Misérables and of The Phantom in Andrew Lloyd Webber 's The Phantom of the Opera .
Mark Deyal ( born 7 April 1993 ) is a Trinidadian cricketer who has played for both Trinidad and Tobago and the Combined Campuses and Colleges in West Indian domestic cricket , as well as representing the Red Steel franchise in the Caribbean Premier League ( CPL ) .
Ibrahim Jeilan Gashu ( Amharic : ዕብራህም ጅእላን ጋሹ ; born 12 June 1989 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specialises in the 5000 metres and 10,000 metres on the track , as well as cross country running .
Ulrik le Fevre ( born 25 June 1946 ) is a Danish former professional football player and manager , and current FIFA - licensed player agent .
José Antonio de la Ballina Avilés , known as Nené Ballina or simply Nené ( born 29 April 1964 ) , is an Equatoguinean football manager and a former player .
Ahmed Fayez Al - Dosari ( born 3 July 1985 ) is a Saudi Arabian long jumper .
Panna Ghosh ( Bengali : পান্না ঘোষ ) ( born : 11 November 1989 , Rajshahi ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women 's cricket team .
Bernard Wapowski ( 1450 -- 25 November 1535 ) was a historian and the leading Polish cartographer of the 16th century , known as `` the father of Polish cartography . ''
Lucía González Blanco ( born 9 July 1990 ) is a Spanish professional cyclo - cross and road racing cyclist .
Sir Leslie Geoffrey Hampton ( born 1952 ) , best known as Sir Geoff Hampton , is a British head teacher who gained notability in March 1998 when he received a knighthood in recognition for his achievements as head teacher of Northicote School in Wolverhampton , West Midlands .
Kim Dal - hyon ( 1941 - -2000 ) was a North Korean politician who was deputy prime minister of the economy .
Stuart Daniel Baker ( born 1954 , in North Carolina ) , better known by his stage name , Unknown Hinson , is a comedic country musician , songwriter , and voice actor .
Yana Shut ( born 29 July 1997 in Minsk , Belarus ) is a Belarusian snooker player .
Richard Tapper Cadbury ( 1768 -- 13 March 1860 ) came to Birmingham in 1794 and started a linen draper 's business in partnership with a fellow Quaker .
Giandomenico Mesto ( born 25 May 1982 ) is an Italian footballer currently playing for the Greek powerhouse Panathinaikos .
Ed Stetzer ( born 1966 ) is an author , speaker , researcher , pastor , church planter , and Christian missiologist .
Jasna Ptujec ( born 19 January 1959 in Zagreb ) is a former Yugoslav / Croatian handball player born in Croatian - Slovenian family .
Gemma Nelson ( born 1984 , West Yorkshire , UK ) is a mixed media painter based in London .
Jack Sargeant ( born 1968 ) is a writer specialising in cult film , underground film , and independent film , as well as subcultures , true crime , and other aspects of the unusual .
Bill Dees ( William Marvin Dees , 24 January 1939 , Borger , Texas -- 24 October 2012 , Mountain Home , Arkansas ) was an American musician known for his songwriting collaborations with singer Roy Orbison .
Nathaniel Fitch Sr . ( born 1956 - 10 - 31 in Bastrop , LA ) currently living in Spring Lake , NC is a former heavyweight boxer best known for his stellar amateur boxing career .
Zhao Dezhao ( 趙德昭 ) ( 951 - 979 ) was an imperial prince of the Chinese Song Dynasty .
Aleksandër Peçi ( born Tirana , 11 July 1951 ) is an Albanian composer ; one of the most important figures of the contemporary Albanian classical music .
James John ( 1809 - -1886 ) was founder of the settlement of St. Johns in Oregon .
Vittorio Erspamer ( 30 July 1909 -- 25 October 1999 ) was an Italian pharmacologist and chemist , known for the identification , synthesis and pharmacological studies of more than sixty new chemical compounds , most notably serotonin and octopamine .
Joseph Henry Mensah ( born 31 October 1928 ) is a former Ghanaian politician and economist .
Sailadhar Baruah ( Assamese : শৈলধৰ বৰুৱা ) ( December 1941 -- January 10 , 2010 ) was a film producer from Assam .
Rolinha Kross ( born 16 June 1961 ) is a Dutch singer with a Jewish / Czech mother and a Surinamese father .
Alberto Argibay ( 25 October 1932 -- 10 September 2007 ) was an Argentine actor .
Scott Quin ( born 1 July 1990 ) is a Scottish parasport swimmer competing in S14 , SB14 and SM14 classification events , specializing in the 100 m breaststroke .
Antonio Fantuzzi ( 1510 - -1550 ) was an Italian painter and printmaker .
Mihailo Merćep ( Dubrovnik , 1864 -- Belgrade 1937 ) , Serb flight pioneer .
Shirley McIntosh MBE ( born 8 July 1965 ) is a retired Scottish sports shooter .
Errol Damelin ( born 23 August 1969 ) is a South African born , Israeli / British entrepreneur and early stage technology investor .
Raja Amari ( born 4 April 1971 ) is a Tunisian film director and script writer .
Nicholas J. Hayes ( 1856 -- January 3 , 1928 ) , also known as Nick Hayes , was a politician from New York City and one of the powers of the Democratic Party 's Tammany Hall political machine for 30 years .
Geoffrey W. Crawford ( born 1954 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Vermont and former Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court .
Franz von Rinecker ( 3 January 1811 -- 21 February 1883 ) was a German pharmacologist and physician , born in Schesslitz near Bamberg .
Mark Divo ( born 1966 ) is a Luxembourgeois conceptual artist and curator who organises large scale interactive art projects incorporating the work of a number of well - known underground artists .
Rear Admiral Mark William Graham Kerr ( born 18 February 1949 ) is a former Royal Navy officer who went on to be Chief Executive of Powys County Council .
Chen Xi ( Chinese : 陈希 ; born September 1953 ) is a Chinese politician currently serving as the executive deputy head of the Organization Department of the Communist Party of China ( rank equivalent of minister ) .
Jānis Akuraters was born on 13 January 1876 in Dignāja parish Jaunzemji homestead ( Modern Jēkabpils municipality ) .
Jacob Philip Wingerter ( Bayern , Germany , 1833 -- Cabo Verde , Minas Gerais , Brazil , March 11 , 1916 ) was a Christian evangelist and German presbyter living in Brazil .
Tom McVerry ( born 30 June 1980 ) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a loose forward for the Brumbies in the international Super Rugby competition .
Didier Breton ( born 1953 ) was the Chief Operating Officer of Trader Classified Media , one of the world 's largest classified advertising companies . , division president for infrastructure and systems at Groupe Bull , and an executive at Hewlett Packard and Valeo .
Abdyl Këllezi ( 1919 - -1977 ) was an Albanian politician of the Communist era .
Xiao Youmei ( Chinese : 蕭友梅 , 1884 - 1940 , styled as Sihe 思鹤 and Xueming 雪明 ; formerly transliterated Shio Yiu - mei ) was a noted Chinese music educator and composer .
Princess Yasmine bint Asem ( born 30 June 1975 ) was born in Amman .
Bohuslav Hykš ( born 7 May 1889 , date of death unknown ) was a Czech tennis player .
The English flautist Trevor Wye ( b. 6 June 1935 ) began playing the flute at age 15 .
Takeshi Yasukawa ( 安川壮 ) ( 1914 - 2000 ) was a Japanese career diplomat .
Nicola McLean ( born 16 September 1981 ) is an English glamour model , television personality and media personality .
Cedella Marley ( born 23 August 1967 ) is a Jamaican singer , dancer , fashion designer , actress , and entrepreneur .
Civard Sprockel ( born 10 May 1983 ) is a Dutch - Curacaoan footballer who plays as a centre - back and is currently without a club .
Pete Drummond ( born 29 July 1943 ) is a British voice artist and former BBC and pirate radio disc jockey and announcer .
Aghasi Khan ( 1731 - -88 ) ( Azerbaijani : Ağası xan Sərkər or Ağası xan Xançobanı ) was second khan of Shirvan Khanate along with his brother Muhammad Said khan .
Lionel Smale ( 25 November 1878 -- 22 April 1934 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ebenezer Walden ( 1777 - -1857 ) was mayor of Buffalo , New York , serving in 1838 - -1839 .
Edward Donovan ( 1768 - -1837 ) was an Anglo - Irish writer , natural history illustrator , and amateur zoologist .
Anna Gilthorpe ( born 4 February 1984 ) is an English actress from Newcastle - Upon - Tyne best known for playing Gemma Collinge , who `` wants to be famous and hounded by the world 's press by the time she turns 21 '' , in the BBC Three sitcom The Gemma Factor .
Sam Fan Thomas ( born 1952 , Bafoussam ) is a Cameroonian musician associated with Makossa .
Jessica Abel ( born 1969 ) is an American comic book writer and artist , known as the creator of such works as Life Sucks , Drawing Words & Writing Pictures , Soundtrack , La Perdida , Mirror , Window , Radio :
Geoffrey Osbaldeston ( 1558-c.1635 ) was an English born politician and judge who had a long but undistinguished career in Ireland .
Maung Thaw Ka was born in 1928 at Shwebo , upper Burma .
Ignace Schops ( born 1964 ) is a Belgian environmentalist , a biodiversity , landscaping & herpetology expert .
Christian Coulson ( born 3 October 1978 ) is an English actor best known for playing Tom Marvolo Riddle in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets .
Alexius Sylvius Polonus ( 1593 - c. 1653 ) was a Polish Jesuit astronomer and maker of astronomical instruments .
Richard David Dick Telford AM ( born 2 April 1945 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1960s , although he mainly played reserves .
Bill Caddick ( born Lewis Frederick William Caddick , 27 June 1944 , Hurst Hill , Wolverhampton ) is an English folk singer - songwriter and guitarist , particularly noted for his songwriting and as a member of the innovative and influential group Home Service .
Ahmet Emin Atasoy ( born 16 May 1944 ) , is a Bulgarian - born Turkish poet , author and interpreter .
Jan Grøndahl ( born 12 July 1934 ) is a Norwegian police chief and civil servant .
Mathew Dimond ( born 24 September 1975 ) is a former English cricketer who made played for Somerset County Cricket Club between 1994 and 1997 .
Judge Benjamin Franklin Ferriss ( Sept. 22 , 1849 --Nov . 10 , 1933 ) was a Missouri state jurist known for his role as special master in the Standard Oil trust litigation of the Progressive Era .
Genė Galinytė ( born 18 January 1945 ) is a retired Lithuanian rower who won two European medals in the eights event in 1966 and 1967 .
Michael Betancourt ( born 1971 ) is a critical theorist , film theorist , art and film historian , and animator .
Jean - Pierre Ploué is a French car designer , born in 1962 , known for bringing the Citroën marque back to strength and restoring its reputation for innovation and strong individualistic styling .
Katherine Bowling ( born 1955 , Washington , D.C. ) is a painter known for her layered landscape paintings that draw inspiration from nature in the Hudson Valley .
Benjamin Mayfield ( 1831 - -187 ? ) cowboy , miner , killed the outlaw John Mason .
Tomasz Radzinski ( born 14 December 1973 ) is a retired Polish - Canadian association footballer who played as a striker and winger .
Juan Germán Roscio ( 27 May 1763 -- 10 March 1821 ) was a Venezuelan lawyer and politician of Italian background .
William Eastlake ( 1917 in Brooklyn , New York -- 1997 near Cuba , New Mexico ) was an American writer .
Richard Strohmayer ( born 16 March 1981 ) is an Austrian footballer and coach .
Spytek of Tarnów and Jarosław ( Polish : Spytek z Tarnowa i Jarosławia or Spytek Tarnowski - Jarosławski ; c. 1367 -- 1435 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) .
Datuk Dr. Haji Wan Junaidi Tuanku Jaafar ( born 1 February 1946 ) is a Malaysian politician .
Vishal Punjabi ( born 10 July 1980 ) is a Ghanaian Indian film director and producer who predominantly works in Bollywood and Hindi cinema .
Ciarán Herron ( born 1981 ) is an Irish former hurler who played as a left wing - back for the Antrim senior team .
Tian Tao ( Chinese : 田涛 ; pinyin : Tián Tāo ; born 8 April 1994 ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Alex De Rakoff ( born 13 November 1970 ) is a British writer , actor , and director .
William Cliff ( born André Imberechts , 27 December 1940 ) is a Francophone Belgian poet .
Owen Hatherley ( born 24 July 1981 in Southampton , UK ) is a British writer and journalist based in London who writes primarily on architecture , politics and culture .
Antonio Carluccio , OBE OMRI ( born 19 April 1937 ) is an Italian chef , restaurateur and food expert , based in London .
Hilary Easton ( born 1960 ) is a contemporary dance choreographer , director , dancer and educator .
Pierre Mornand ( born 1884 ) was a French writer and bibliophile .
Randy `` Ran - D '' Wieland ( 18 May 1981 in Lobith ) is a Dutch DJ and music producer .
Gaius Septimius Severus Aper ( c. 175 - 211/212 ) was a Roman aristocrat .
Kenny Lynch , OBE ( born 18 March 1938 ) is an English singer , songwriter , entertainer and actor from London .
Harry Ring ( 1918 - April 18 , 2007 ) was an American communist and a founding member of the Socialist Workers Party .
Thomas R. Karl ( Born 22 November 1951 , Evergreen Park , Illinois ) is the director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's National Centers for Environmental Information ( NCEI ) .
Nassim Nicholas Taleb ( Arabic : نسيم نيقولا نجيب طالب‎ , alternatively Nessim or Nissim , born 1960 ) is a Lebanese - American essayist , scholar , statistician , and risk analyst , whose work focuses on problems of randomness , probability , and uncertainty .
William Spindler ( born in Guatemala City , Guatemala in 1963 ) is a Guatemalan writer and journalist , whose works include fiction , poetry , and journalism in English and Spanish .
Douglas H. Chadwick ( born 1948 ) is an American wildlife biologist , author , photographer and frequent National Geographic contributor .
Gökhan Keser ( born 9 September 1987 ) is a Turkish , actor , model and singer .
Demar Stewart ( born 15 December 1984 ) is a Jamaican footballer who plays football .
James Cobbett ( 12 January 1804 - 31 March 1842 ) was an English professional cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1826 to 1841 for Middlesex , Surrey and Yorkshire .
Srđan Spiridonović ( German : Srdjan Spiridonovic , born 13 October 1993 ) is an Austrian footballer of Slavic minority who plays for Admira Wacker Mödling .
Ikram Akhtar ( born 20 April 1970 ) is an Indian film writer working in Bollywood .
Cayetano César Concepción Martínez , ( 1909 -- 1974 ) , was a Puerto Rican musician and composer , who brought the music of his native land to Latin American ballroom dancing , and ballrooms all over the world .
Tsegaye Kebede Wordofa ( Amharic : ፀጋየ ከበደ ዎርዶፋ ; born 15 January 1987 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who competes in road running events , including marathons .
Adam Duffin ( 1841 - -1924 ) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Barbara Livi ( 5 May 1973 ) is an Italian actress of cinema , television , and theatre .
Stephen Bradberry ( born c. 1966 , Chicago , Illinois ) is a community organizer in New Orleans , Louisiana , USA .
Volker Tönsfeldt ( 24 November 1952 -- ) is a former German footballer .
Manuel Ausensi i Albalat ( Catalan pronunciation : ( mənuˈɛɫ əwˈsɛnsi ) ) ( 1919 , in Barcelona -- 2005 , in Creixell , Tarragona ) was a Catalan baritone opera singer .
Luigi Tarantino ( born 10 November 1972 ) is an Italian fencer and Olympic medalist in the sabre competition .
Einar Kringlen ( born 6 June 1931 ) is a Norwegian physician and psychiatrist .
Moustafa Farroukh ( in Arabic مصطفى فروخ ) ( born 1901 - died 1957 ) was one of Lebanon 's most prominent painters of the 20th century .
Scott Squires ( born 1956 ) is a visual effects supervisor and director .
Shang - Hua Teng ( Chinese : 滕尚华 ; pinyin : Téng Shàng - huá , born 1964 ) is a Chinese - American computer scientist .
Irene Cefaro ( born 31 August 1935 ) is an Italian former stage and film actress .
Joshua Gagnon ( born November 14 , 1979 ) is the founding pastor of Next Level Church , a church with multiple locations throughout New England .
Pithapuram Nageswara Rao ( Telugu : పిఠాపురం నాగేశ్వరరావు ) ( 5 May 1930 - 5 March 1996 ) is a popular Playback singer during the early period of Telugu cinema .
Robert John Weston Evans FLSW FBA ( born 1943 ) is a historian , whose speciality is the post - medieval history of Central and Eastern Europe .
Natasja Oerlemans ( born 30 November 1969 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch politician , a prominent member of the Party for the Animals .
George Fife Angas ( 1 May 1789 -- 15 May 1879 ) was an English businessman and banker who , from England , played a significant part in the formation and establishment of the Colony of South Australia .
Ushoshi Sengupta ( Bengali : উষসী সেনগুপ্ত ; born 30 July 1988 ) is an Indian beauty pageant contestant who won the title of I Am She --
Captain Roy Arthur Anslyn MBE , formally known as Arthur Anslyn or Captain Anslyn , and informally known as `` Brother '' Anslyn , was born 23 December 1944 on the island of Nevis in the Federation of St. Kitts and Nevis , Leeward Islands , Lesser Antilles , West Indies .
Sun Haiying ( simplified Chinese : 孙海英 ; traditional Chinese : 孫海英 ; pinyin : Sūn Haǐyīng ; born 7 October 1956 ) is a Chinese actor .
Samuel Terry ( c. 1776 -- 22 February 1838 ) was transported to Australia as a criminal , where he became a wealthy landowner , merchant and philanthropist .
Abdou Karim Coulibaly ( born 3 June 1993 ) is a French--
Ishraq Sonet ( born 11 October 1987 ) , is a first - class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh .
Nirmalya Kumar ( born 8 March 1960 ) is a London Business School professor .
Michela Cerruti ( born 18 February 1987 ) is an Italian racing driver , currently competing in the Auto GP and in the Formula E Championship .
Chidiock Paulet ( 1521 - -1574 ) was an English politician .
Yoav Kish ( Hebrew : יואב קיש‎ ; born 6 December 1968 ) is an Israeli pilot and politician .
Gabriele Marotta ( born 31 July 1967 ) is an Italian racing driver currently competing in the TCR International Series .
Anastasiya Svechnikova ( born 20 September 1992 ) is an Uzbekistani javelin thrower .
Mark Simpkin ( born 18 September 1972 , Ashton , Cheshire ) is an English television presenter and entrepreneur .
Martin Biddle , CBE , FBA ( born 4 June 1937 ) is a British archaeologist and academic .
Niels Macholm ( 26 August 1915 -- 5 November 1997 ) was a self - taught Danish artist .
Koen Weuts ( born 18 September 1990 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a left Back for Lierse in the Belgian Second Division .
J. D. Trout ( born 1959 ) is an American philosopher of science , cognitive scientist , lecturer and nonfiction author .
Marcelo José da Silva or simply Marcelo Silva ( born 25 May 1976 ) , is a former Brazilian footballer .
Jamshed Usmonov ( Tajik : Ҷамшед Усмонов , Persian : جمشید عثمانف‎‎ ; born 13 January 1965 ) , also credited as Djamshed Usmonov , is a Tajik film director , producer , scriptwriter and one of most notable figures of contemporary Persian cinema .
Zhan Silu ( born c. 1961 ) is the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association - sponsored Bishop of the archdiocese of Mindong , Fujian , China .
Jo Pun - hui ( born 29 November 1979 ) is a North Korean long - distance runner who specializes in the marathon .
Robert O'Riordan ( born 1943 ) is a Canadian author best known for his Cadre trilogy .
Darius Labanauskas ( born 26 July 1976 ) is a Lithuanian darts player .
Şahika Ercümen ( born 16 January 1985 ) is a Turkish dietitian and world record holder free - diver .
Ferdino Rebello ( born 31 August 1949 ) is an Indian jurist , former Chief Justice of the Allahabad High Court , former judge of the Bombay High Court , and a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Goa , Daman and Diu .
Ken Meyerson ( 1964 -- October 19 , 2011 ) was an American tennis agent .
Filip Petrov ( Macedonian : Филип Пeтpoв , born 23 February 1989 ) is a Macedonian footballer currently playing in club FK Teteks .
Lee Hua - chen ( traditional Chinese : 李花塵 ; simplified Chinese : 李花尘 ; pinyin : Lǐ Huāchén ; born 14 September 1993 in Kaohsiung ) , also known as Jasmine Lee , is a Taiwanese tennis player .
Anwen Keeling ( born in 1976 ) is an Australian portrait painter .
Haim Farhi ( Hebrew : חיים פרחי‎ , Khayim Farkhiy ; Arabic : حيم فارحي‎ , also known as Haim `` El Mu'allim '' المعلم lit . `` The Teacher '' ) , ( 1760 -- August 21 , 1820 ) was an adviser to the governors of the Galilee in the days of the Ottoman Empire .
Aud Blankholm ( born 1 November 1947 ) is a Norwegian nurse and administrator .
Fele Martínez ( born Rafael Martínez 22 February 1975 ) is a Goya Award - winning Spanish actor .
Norman Rimmington ( born 29 November 1923 ) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Barnsley and Hartlepools United .
Loiza Lamers ( born 1995 as Lucas Lamers ) is a Dutch model , best known for being the winner of the eighth cycle of Holland 's Next Top Model , and the first transgender winner of the global Top Model franchise .
Lucía Maciel ( Spanish pronunciation : ( luˈsi.a maˈsjel ) ; born c. 1970 ) is an Argentine actress and television reporter .
Thomas Clark Street ( 1814 -- September 6 , 1872 ) was an Ontario lawyer , businessman and political figure .
Kazuhito Futagami ( Japanese 二神一人 ; born 3 June 1987 ) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher who currently plays for the Hanshin Tigers of Nippon Professional Baseball .
Dave Fuller ( 1915 -- September 15 , 2009 ) was an American college baseball coach who led the Florida Gators baseball team of the University of Florida for twenty - eight seasons .
Geng Xiaofeng ( simplified Chinese : 耿晓锋 ; traditional Chinese : 耿曉鋒 ; pinyin : Gěng Xiǎofēng ; born 15 October 1987 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai Shenhua in the Chinese Super League .
Francis Loughnane ( born 1945 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a wing - forward for the Tipperary senior team .
Bent Vejlby ( born 20 March 1924 ) is a Danish film actor and school teacher .
Elmer Lincoln Irey ( 1888 -- July 19 , 1948 ) was a United States Treasury Department official and director of the Internal Revenue Service 's lead investigative unit during the federal tax evasion prosecution of Chicago mobster Al Capone .
Countess Borbála Nádasdy ( born 1939 ) is a Hungarian noble , ballet master and author .
Michael Anthony Crisfield ( Wimbledon , London , 26 July 1942 - 19 February 2002 ) was a British mathematician and structural analyst who became a leading figure in non - linear computational mechanics .
Alberto Román ( born 1 June 1987 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan rugby union player who plays as a centre for Pucaru Stade Gaulois .
Amy Shearn ( born 1979 ) is an American author of fiction , essays , poetry , and humor .
Bayan Fenwick ( born 16 November 1993 ) is a professional footballer , currently playing for Torquay United .
Nanami Shiono ( 塩野 七生 , Shiono Nanami , b. 7 July 1937 ) , is a Japanese author and novelist known for her works on the history of Italy , especially those dealing with ancient Rome and the Renaissance period .
Narcisse Pelletier ( 1 January 1844 -- 1894 ) , born in Saint - Gilles - Croix - de - Vie in the Vendée , was abandoned at the age of 14 in late September or early October , 1858 , during the dry season , on eastern Cape York Peninsula in Australia .
Mordecai Jones ( 1813 - 30 August 1880 ) was a Welsh businessman and pioneer in the development of the South Wales coalfield .
Bryan Pelé ( 25 March 1992 ) is a French footballer who plays as a left winger for Stade Brestois in Ligue 2 .
Dana Claxton ( born 1959 ) is a Hunkpapa Lakota filmmaker , photographer and performance artist .
Robert Carl Suggs ( born 1932 ) is an American archaeologist and anthropologist .
Gary Barber ( born 1957 ) is an American film producer of South African descent .
Viktor Muravin ( born 1929 ) is an author , best known for his novel Aurora Borealis , also published under the title The Diary of Vikenty Angarov .
Anthony Ruby ( born 1977 , in Cork , Ireland ) is an Irish artist .
Ben Mansfield ( born 29 May 1983 ) is an English actor , best known for playing Captain Becker in the ITV sci - fi drama Primeval , Captain of a special unit from the military which works with the ARC .
Jonas Staal ( born in 1981 , Zwolle ) is a Dutch visual artist .
Pule Lechesa ( born 1976 ) is a black South African essayist , literary critic , poet , and publisher .
Stan Musilek ( born 1953 ) is an award - winning American commercial photographer of Czech origin living and working in San Francisco , California , and Paris , France .
Mary Proctor ( 1862 -- September 11 , 1957 ) was an American popularizer of astronomy .
` Alí - Akbar Furútan ( 29 April 1905 -- 26 November 2003 ) was a prominent Iranian Bahá'í educator and author who was given the rank of Hand of the Cause in 1951 .
Thomas Beverly Randolph ( 1793 - November 12 , 1867 ) was an American military officer who graduated from the United States Military Academy .
Alois Hotschnig ( born 3 October 1959 ) is an Austrian writer , whose stories have been described as having `` the weird , creepy , and ambiguous quality of disturbing dreams '' .
Uroš Delić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Урош Делић , born 10 August 1987 ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for AFC United .
Bartholomew Gedney ( c. 1640 -- February 28 , 1698/99 ) was a merchant , physician , military officer , and native of Salem , Massachusetts .
Rogelio González Pizaña ( born 1 March 1974 ) , commonly referred to by his alias Z-2 and/or El Kelín , is a Mexican former drug lord and one of the founders of Los Zetas , a criminal organization originally formed by ex - commandos from the Mexican Armed Forces .
Kim Paffenroth ( born 1966 ) is a religious scholar , professor , and contemporary American horror author , best known for his Bram Stoker Award - winning book Gospel of the Living Dead :
Roland Giberti , born in Gémenos ( Bouches - du - Rhône department , Provence - Alpes - Côte - d'Azur region ) ) in 1951 , is a French politician belonging to the Nouveau Centre party .
Marina Piller ( born 17 November 1984 ) is an Italian cross country skier who has competed since 2006 .
María de los Ángeles del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús Trujillo Martínez ( born 10 June 1939 , in Neuilly - sur - Seine , Paris , France ) , known as Angelita Trujillo , is a Dominican writer .
Senanayake Mudiyanselage Sachithra Madhushanka Senanayake , commonly called Sachithra Senanayake , ( born 9 February 1985 ) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer .
Michael Kamau ( born 1958 ) is a Kenyan civil servant who was nominated by President Uhuru Kenyatta as Cabinet Secretary for Transport and Infrastructure on 25 April 2013 .
Cornelia Barbaro Gritti ( 1719 -- 19 April 1808 ) , was a Venetian poet and salon - holder .
Fenwick Skrimshire ( 1774 - 11 June 1855 ) was an English physician and naturalist .
William John Leonard Beel ( born 23 August 1945 ) , generally known as Len Beel , is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Shrewsbury Town and Birmingham City .
Alexandrina Maria da Costa ( 30 March 1904 -- 13 October 1955 ) , also known as Blessed Alexandrina of Balazar , was a Portuguese mystic and victim soul , member of the Association of Salesian Cooperators , who was born and died in Balazar ( a rural parish of Póvoa de Varzim ) .
Daniel Biveson , born 16 December 1976 in Lidingö , Stockholm County , is a Swedish snowboarder ( Alpine ) .
Duncan Liddel ( also Duncan Liddell ; 1561 - -1613 ) was a Scottish mathematician and physician .
Hilarion Capucci ( born 2 March 1922 ) is the retired titular archbishop of Caesarea for the Melkite Greek Catholic Church .
Maria Eulàlia Gendrau Gallifa , short `` Lali '' Gendrau or Eulàlia Gendrau ( born 1968 ) , is a Catalan ski mountaineer .
Kieran Dynes ( born 18 December 1970 ) is an Irish auto racing driver .
Zoran Stratev ( Macedonian : Зоран Стратев ; born 16 July 1960 ) is a Macedonian football coach and former player .
Patrick O'Flanagan ( born 1947 in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish geographer and academic .
Rosemarie Beck ( July 8 , 1923 -- July 15 , 2003 ) was an Abstract Expressionist , Figurative Expressionist painter in the post - World War II era .
Lucio Esposito ( born 16 May 1967 ) is a Swiss - Italian former football striker who played throughout the 1980s , 1990s and 2000s .
Artnesa Krasniqi ( born July 15 , 1992 in Switzerland ) is a Swiss - Kosovar model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Kosovo 2014 and represented Kosovo in Miss Universe 2014 .
Daniel Simon ( born 1975 ) is a German concept designer and automotive futurist .
Geoffrey McGonagle ( Irish : - ; born 26 September 1974 ) is an Irish dual GAA player who played Gaelic football and hurling for Derry in the 1990s and 2000s .
Qhubani Ndlovu ( born 14 September 1983 ) , also known as DJ Qness , is a South African DJ , recording artist and record producer .
Rodger Kamenetz ( born 1950 ) is an American poet and author .
Edward Harrison May Jr. ( born Croydon , England , 1824 ; died Paris , France , May 17 , 1887 ) was an English - American painter who spent much of his career in Paris .
Oscar Chalupsky ( born 1 March 1963 ) is a South African paddler .
Elsa Dax ( born 14 May 1972 ) is a French painter and a member of the Stuckists art movement .
Percival Ball ( 17 February 1845 -- 4 April 1900 ) was an English sculptor active in Australia .
Aaron Dilloway is an experimental musician born in 1976 .
The Honourable Sir Edward Chandos Leigh , KCB , KC ( on 22 December 1832 -- 18 May 1915 ) , was a British cricketer and barrister .
Yves Parlier ( born on 14 November 1960 ) is a French sailor .
Dr. George Spaeth ( born March 1932 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American ophthalmologist specializing in glaucoma at Wills Eye Institute .
Giacomo Signori ( 11 June 1914 -- 5 February 2005 ) was an Italian swimmer and water polo player .
Jay Ramirez ( born 1985 ) is a Colombian born Speed skater .
François De Keersmaecker ( born 12 April 1958 in Willebroek ) is the president of the Royal Belgian Football Association ( URBSFA / KBVB ) since the 24th of June 2006 .
João Alves de Assis Silva ( born 20 March 1987 ) , known as Jô ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ʒo ) ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Jiangsu Suning in the Chinese Super League .
Tarisai Mahlunge , born 21 April 1988 in Harare , is a Zimbabwean cricketer who played in the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka .
Wema Sepetu ( born 28 September 1988 ) is a Tanzanian beauty contestant who won the Miss Tanzania contest in 2006 .
Jean D'Amour ( born 9 September 1963 ) is a Canadian politician , who represents the electoral district of Rivière - du - Loup - Témiscouata in the National Assembly of Quebec .
AbdulWahab al - Awdi عبد الوهاب العودي ( born 10 August 1978 ) is a poet , and economist from Yemen .
Kim - Rune Hansen ( born 8 June 1988 ) is a Norwegian snowboarder from Hamar .
Anne Bourchier , Baroness Dacre ( 1470 -- 29 September 1530 ) was an English noblewoman , the wife of Sir Thomas Fiennes , 8th Baron Dacre .
Brigadier Sir Frederick Oliver Chilton CBE , DSO & Bar ( 23 July 1905 -- 1 October 2007 ) was a senior officer in the Australian Army and a public servant .
Robert Wilson Shufeldt ( 1 December 1850 -- 21 January 1934 ) was an American osteologist , myologist , museologist and ethnographer who contributed to comparative studies of bird anatomy and forensic science .
Malvina Evalyn Wood ( 1893 - 1976 ) , university librarian and college warden , was born in Guildford , Western Australia , daughter of a railway porter .
Humphrey Haggett ( born 5 January 1601 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1625 and 1626 .
Ivan Baumgartner ( born 5 May 1934 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong , Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Willie MacRae ( 18 May 1923 -- 7 April 1985 ) was a Scottish naval officer , lawyer , orator , politician and anti - nuclear campaigner .
Amaia Ugartamendía Sagarzazu ( born 9 June 1966 ) is a Spanish team handball player who played for the club Ent .
Chao Chih - chien(born 13 September 1983 ) is a track and field athlete from Chinese Taipei who competes in the long jump at international level .
Jimmy Goonan ( 9 February 1897 -- 24 June 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1920s .
Dimitar Ralchev ( Bulgarian : Димитър Ралчев ) ( born 27 April 1971 ) is a Bulgarian former footballer .
Nikolaus von Vormann ( 24 December 1895 -- 26 October 1959 ) was a highly decorated General der Panzertruppe in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the 9th Army .
Stefano Coletti ( born 6 April 1989 ) is a Monegasque professional racing driver who races for KV Racing Technology in the IndyCar Series .
Johann Christoff Büss ( 1776 - - ? ? ) was a German bookbinder and educator who is best known for his work with Swiss educator Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi .
Barry Ion ( born 9 October 1941 ) is a former Australian rules footballer and radio personality .
Dhananjay Munde ( born 15 July 1975 ) is the member of Maharashtra Legislative Council representing Nationalist Congress Party .
Manuel Bromberg ( born March 6 , 1917 Centerville , Iowa ) is an American artist , and Professor Emeritus of Art , at the State University of New York at New Paltz .
Samuele Longo ( born 12 January 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Frosinone on loan from Internazionale , as a striker .
Law Cheung - kwok ( born 26 September 1949 , Hong Kong ) was a member of the Sai Kung District Council ( 1994 - -2007 ) representing Hong King .
David Curtin ( born 13 September 1980 ) is an inter - county hurling player who plays for Dublin .
Werner Knudsen ( born 23 October 1953 ) in Ringsted ) is a Danish computer scientist , composer and author of both choral music and IT books .
Willie Jamieson ( born 27 April 1963 ) is a former football player , who played for several clubs in the Scottish Football League , including Hibernian and Heart of Midlothian .
The Reverend Eugene Carlisle LeBel , C.S.B. , C.D. , LL.D , was born in Sarnia , Ontario on July 27 , 1899 to Eugene Albert LeBel and Catherine Mahoney .
Erhard F. Boehm ( 1911 - -1994 ) was an Australian farmer and amateur ornithologist of German ancestry .
Roman Serov ( born 16 December 1976 in Moscow ) is a Russian - born figure skater and skating coach who has also competed for Israel .
Fevziye Rahgozar Barlas ( born 1955 Balkh ) is an Afghan poet , and short story writer .
Raúl Osiel Marroquín Reyes ( b. ca . 1981 ) is a Mexican serial killer .
Frank Whitehouse ( June 1876 -- before 1960 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale , Glossop and Stoke .
Charlotte de Rohan ( Charlotte Godefride Élisabeth ; 7 October 1737 -- 4 March 1760 ) was a French aristocrat who married into the House of Condé , a cadet branch of the ruling House of Bourbon , during the Ancien Régime .
Toke Makinwa ( born 3 November 1984 ) is a Nigerian radio personality , television host , and vlogger .
M. Ramalingam ( Tamil : மா. ராமலிங்கம் , b. 1939 ) , is a Tamil , literary critic , and translator from Tamil Nadu , India .
Kitso Masi ( born 11 November 1984 ) is a Motswana actor who won the pan - African reality television show Imagine Afrika and is a leader in the movement for an HIV free generation in Botswana .
Sia Wai Yen ( born 15 January 1984 ) is a Malaysian former swimmer , who specialised in long - distance freestyle and individual medley events .
Ralph Lombreglia ( born 1951 ) is an American short story writer and multimedia producer and consultant .
Nikola Mitrevski ( Macedonian : Никола Митревски ; born 3 October 1985 ) is a Macedonian handball player who plays as a goalkeeper for Portuguese club Benfica and the Macedonia national team .
Hoàng Vissai or Dio Preye ( born 15 January 1985 ) is a Nigerian footballer who gained Vietnamese citizenship in 2010 .
Nicholas West ( 1461 -- 28 April 1533 ) , was an English bishop and diplomatist , born at Putney , and educated at Eton and at King 's College , Cambridge , of which he became a fellow in 1486 .
Adalberto Nunes da Silva ( born 2 September 1978 ) , commonly known as Betão , is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for kairat futsal as a Pivot .
Takeshi Hirayama ( January 1 , 1923 -- October 26 , 1995 ) was a Japanese cancer epidemiologist and anti - tobacco activist who served as the chief of the epidemiology division at the National Cancer Institute in Tokyo from 1965 until 1985 .
Niamh Rippin ( born 30 March 1994 ) is a British former artistic gymnast and was a reserve athlete for the 2012 Summer Olympics team .
Ahmed Karahisari ( 1468 - -1566 ) ( Turkish : Ahmed Şemseddin Karahisârî ) ( Ottoman Turkish : احمد شمس ا لدين قراهسارى ) was an Ottoman calligrapher .
Vakkom Purushothaman ( born 12 April 1928 ) is an Indian political figure and governor of Mizoram from 2011 to 2014 .
Vincenz Czerny ( 19 November 1842 -- 3 October 1916 ) was a German Bohemian surgeon whose main contributions were in the fields of oncological and gynecological surgery .
François - Marie , comte de Broglie and comte de Revel ( 1 November 1611 -- 2 July 1656 ) was a prominent soldier and commander in the Thirty Years ' War .
Tomas Albrektsson ( born August 25 , 1945 ) is a Swedish physician who trained under Per - Ingvar Brånemark and is noteworthy for having contributed significantly to the field of implant dentistry .
Eve V. Clark ( born 26 July 1942 ) is a British - born American linguist .
Lee Keegan ( born 25 October 1989 in Westport ) is a Gaelic footballer for the Mayo senior team and also plays club football for Westport GAA .
Kirk Baxter ( born in 1972 ) is an Australian film editor .
Cherry Kearton ( 1871 - -1940 ) was one of the world 's earliest wildlife photographers and writers .
Dr Ahmad Mattar ( born 13 August 1940 ) , whose full name is Ahmad bin Mohamed Mattar , is a Singaporean former politician and member of Cabinet .
Michael Landy RA ( born 1963 ) is one of the Young British Artists ( YBAs ) .
Meir Yitzhak Halevi ( Hebrew : מאיר יצחק - הלוי‎ , born 1953 ) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as mayor of Eilat .
Gary Fayard ( born 1953 ) is the chief financial officer and executive vice president of The Coca - Cola Company .
Rory O'Carroll ( born 30 November 1989 ) is a footballer and hurler with Dublin and Kilmacud Crokes .
Oyinda was born in 1992 , to Nigerian parents .
Wayne Biggins ( born 20 November 1961 ) is an English former professional footballer born in Sheffield who made more than 450 appearances in the Football League and also played in the Scottish Football League .
Martin C. Strong ( born 1960 , Musselburgh ) is a Scottish music historian known for compiling discographies of popular music including The Great Rock Discography .
Gustav Leonhardt ( 30 May 1928 -- 16 January 2012 ) was a renowned Dutch keyboard player , conductor , musicologist , teacher and editor .
Tyrone Nurse ( born 4 January 1990 ) is a British boxer who won the British super lightweight title in 2015 .
Illana May ( born February 1976 ) is a South African singer - songwriter / guitarist .
Knut Are Tvedt ( born 29 April 1952 ) is a Norwegian encyclopedist .
O'Brien Smith ( ca . 1756 - -April 27 , 1811 ) was an Irish - American political figure who , in the first decade of the 19th century , served one term in the U.S. Congress , representing South Carolina 's 4th congressional district .
Pablove Black ( born Paul Anthony Dixon , 24 October 1950 ) is a Jamaican reggae musician ( keyboards and steel drums ) , arranger , composer , bandleader , vocalist and producer .
Gegard Mousasi ( Armenian : Գեղարդ Մուսասի , born 1 August 1985 ) , is a Dutch mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Beatrice Cameron ( born Susan Hegeman , 1868 -- July 12 , 1940 ) was an American stage actress .
Honoria Acosta - Sison ( 1888 - -1970 ) was the first Filipino woman to become a doctor ; she was born in the Philippines and graduated from the Women 's Medical College of Pennsylvania in 1909 .
Roland Everett Jayne ( 1886 - -1937 ) was a Methodist clergyman and biographer .
Géraud Sénizergues ( born 1957 ) is a French computer scientist at the University of Bordeaux .
Dr. Muhammad Umer Chapra ( born in Mumbai , India 1933 ) is a Saudi Arabian economist .
Thomas J. Holleran ( 1906 - -1984 ) was an American Democratic Party politician and jurist from New Jersey who once banned Nazi sympathizers from holding rallies during the 1930s .
Wu Chengzhen ( Chinese : 吳誠真 ; born 14 January 1957 ) is the first Chinese woman to be ordained as a fangzhang ( abbess ) in the history of Taoism .
Bernhard Preim ( born 1969 ) is a specialist in human -- computer interface design as well as in visual computing for medicine .
Sadio Ba ( born 24 January 1973 ) is a retired Belgian football player and currently football coach .
Dean Obeidallah ( born December 17 , 1969 ; Arabic : دين عبيدالله‎ ) is an American comedian of Palestinian - Italian descent .
Richard Gush ( 1789 - -1858 ) was an 1820 Settler .
Peter Gelb ( born 1953 ) is an American arts administrator .
Dorjana Širola ( born 9 June 1972 ) is a Croatian quizzer , linguist and anglicist .
Dr. Edwin Penhorwood ( born 1939 ) is an American composer and currently assistant professor at the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University .
Ismail Ahmed Ismail ( born 1 November 1984 ) is a Sudanese runner , who specializes in the 800 metres .
William George Ranald Mundell Laurie ( 4 May 1915 -- 19 September 1998 ) , known as Ran Laurie , was a British physician , rowing champion , and Olympic gold medallist .
Roland Alphonso OD or Rolando Alphonso aka `` The Chief Musician '' ( 12 January 1931 -- 20 November 1998 ) was a Jamaican tenor saxophonist , and one of the founding members of the Skatalites .
Thomas Goffe ( 1591 -- 1629 ) was a minor Jacobean dramatist .
Jagga Reddy ( Telugu : జగ్గా రెడ్డి ) is an Indian politician , born on 7 July 1966 at Indrakaran village in Sangareddy mandal of Medak district Telangana .
Neda Soltani ( Persian : ندا سلطانی ) ; born 1977 , in Isfahan , is an Iranian exile .
Brian Ritchie ( born 21 November 1960 ) is the bass guitarist for the alternative rock band Violent Femmes .
Ethel Hall ( 1898 - -1927 ) was an American silent film actress who died at the age of 29 on June 29 , 1927 when her boat capsized in the rapids of the Merced River near the town of Merced in the San Joaquin Valley .
German Goldenshteyn , or Goldenshtayn ( 2 September 1934 -- June 10 , 2006 ) was born in the Bessarabian shtetl of Otaci , then in Romania , now in Moldova .
Lucie Blue Tremblay ( born 1958 in Montreal ) is a Canadian folk singer - songwriter .
Ellen Mitchell , née Thomsen ( born 1974 ) is a Norwegian handball player .
Cengiz Topel ( September 2 , 1934 , İzmit - August 8 , 1964 Cyprus ) was a fighter pilot of the Turkish Air Force , who was shot down during the Battle of Tylliria .
Denton Fox ( 1948 -- April 29 , 2013 ) was an American football cornerback who played college football for the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team of Texas Tech University .
Samani Pulepule ( 13 October 1923 -- 4 June 2013 ) , formally His Eminence and Most Reverend , Chief Apostle Dr. Samani Pulepule was a Samoan minister since the early 1950s in the Assemblies of God movement .
Rocky Jerkic ( 1 March 1988 ) is an Australian professional boxer .
Terrence O'Donnell ( born c. 1946 ) is an American Justice of the supreme court of the U.S. state of Ohio .
Giannis Kyriakopoulos ( alternate spellings : Yiannis , Yannis , Kiriakopoulos ) ( Greek : Γιάννης Κυριακόπουλος ; born June 6 , 1983 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Khalil Rahman ( Bengali : খলিল রহমান ) ( born 16 April 1983 ) is a Bangladeshi political cartoonist .
Loredana Lecciso ( born 26 August 1972 ) is an Italian entertainer .
Riku Rantala ( born 20 July 1974 ) is a Finnish journalist , best known from traveling series Madventures .
Roger Pinto Molina ( born 23 April 1960 ) is a Bolivian right - wing politician .
Christopher Gunning ( born 5 August 1944 ) is an English composer of concert works and music for films and television .
Birte Christoffersen ( later Hanson , later Ekberg ; born 28 March 1924 ) , is a retired diver .
Colin François Lloyd Austin , FBA ( 26 July 1941 -- 13 August 2010 ) was a British scholar of ancient Greek .
Leif Mills ( born 25 March 1936 ) is a former British trade unionist .
Eugene O'Keefe ( 10 December 1827 -- 1 October 1913 ) , baptized Owen Keeffe , was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist .
Paul Zenon ( born Paul Collins on 29 June 1964 ) is an English stage and TV magician , comedian , presenter , corporate entertainer , commentator , writer and actor .
Zhang Yanhan ( 張延翰 ) ( 884-January 5 , 941 ) , courtesy name Dehua ( 德華 ) , was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period states Wu ( Ten Kingdoms ) and Wu 's successor state Southern Tang , serving as a chancellor late in Wu and early in Southern Tang .
Lisbeth Lynghøft ( born 1962 ) is a Danish director of stage and screen , perhaps best known for the feature erotic film Pink Prison ( 1999 ) .
Fruzsina Azari ( born 29 June 1989 in Dunaújváros ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Fehérvár KC in right wing position .
Nayef Rajoub ( Arabic : نايف الرجوب‎ , born 1958 ) is the Religious Affairs Minister of the Hamas led Palestinian Authority cabinet and beekeeper .
Shimun Vrochek ( Russian : Шимун Врочек ) ( born 1 November 1976 ) is a Russian science fiction author .
Mohammad Hossein Tabatabai ( محمد حسین طباطبائی ) ( born 1991 ) is notable for being able to recite the entire Quran and interpret its meaning at age seven .
Arthur Poister ( 1898 -- February 25 , 1980 ) was an eminent American organist , who was especially renowned as one of the country 's leading pedagogues of future generations of musicians .
Chris Seeman ( born 1967 ) is a professor of theology and role - playing game author .
Clement Scotus I ( fl . 745 ) was a bishop .
Iain Wardlaw ( born 29 June 1985 , Dewsbury , Yorkshire , England ) is a retired English - born first - class cricketer who played international cricket for Scotland .
Peter Wolbrandt ( born 28 October 1949 in Ulm ) , is a German guitarist most known as a founding member , composer , and player for 40 years in the rock and fusion band Kraan .
Ivan Knotek ( born 26 August 1936 ) is a Slovak politician who served as Politburo member and prime minister from 1988 to 1989 of the Slovak Socialist Republic .
Jan Bos ( born 29 March 1975 ) is a Dutch speedskater and sprint cyclist .
Paddy Christie ( born 1976 in Dublin ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who usually plays in the full - back position .
Orrvar Dalby ( born 15 May 1952 ) is head of the development department at Norwegian People 's Aid .
Anfiyanggū ( Manchu : ᠠᠨᡶᡳᠶᠠᠩᡤᡡ ; Möllendorff : Anfiyanggū ; Abkai : Anfiyanggv ; Chinese : 安費揚古 ; pinyin : Ānfèiyánggǔ ) , ( 1559 -- 7 August 1622 ) , was a Manchu official and one of the earliest companions of Nurhaci .
Arthur Bostrom FRGS ( born 6 January 1955 ) is an English actor , most famous for his role as Officer Crabtree in the long - running BBC tv sitcom ' Allo ' Allo!.
Johann Wilhelm Haas ( 1649 -- 1723 ) , was a German trumpet maker and engraver .
Susan McFadden ( born 8 February 1983 ) is an actress and singer born in Dublin , Ireland .
James Grinham ( christened 20 December 1798 at Godalming , Surrey ; details of death unknown ) was an English amateur cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1822 to 1835 .
Bill Jensen ( born 1945 ) is an American abstract painter .
James Younger , 5th Viscount Younger of Leckie , Bt ( born 11 November 1955 ) is an elected hereditary peer who sits on the Conservative benches in the House of Lords .
Les Edwards ( born 1949 ) is a British illustrator known for his work in the horror , science fiction and fantasy genres , and has provided numerous illustrations for book jackets , posters , magazines , record covers and games during his career .
Frans Withoos ( 1665 - -1705 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and the son of Mathias Withoos and brother of the painters Alida , Maria , Johannes and Pieter .
Jaroslav Slúčik is ( born 27 April 1963 in Žilina ) a former Czechoslovak - Slovak slalom canoeist and wildwater canoeist who competed in canoe slalom in the 1980s and in wildwater canoeing until 2013 .
Susanne Engstrøm ( born in 1949 ) is a Danish pharmaconomist and has since 1989 been the president of The Danish Association of Pharmaconomists ( Danish : Farmakonomforeningen ) .
Chris Langford ( born 2 January 1963 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who has been an AFL Commissioner since 1999 .
Denis Haughey ( born 3 October 1944 ) is a former nationalist politician in Northern Ireland .
Alexander Thieme ( born 13 January 1954 in Karl - Marx - Stadt , Saxony ) was an East German athlete , who competed mainly in the 100 metres .
Marta Prieto ( born 11 September 1978 ) is a Spanish professional golfer from Seville , Spain who plays on the Ladies European Tour .
Sakura Yumoto ( born 8 March 1997 ) is a Japanese artistic gymnast .
Ben C. Solomon ( born 1987 ) , is an American video journalist and filmmaker who reports for The New York Times .
Amy Ramsey ( born 1981 ) is a professional hair stylist and winner of The Rock Style Awards ' Celebrity Hairdresser of the Year 2010 in the `` Metal Category '' .
Rubenilson dos Santos da Rocha ( born 23 September 1987 ) , commonly known as Kanu , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Terek Grozny in the Russian Premier League as a Midfielder .
Stella Chinyelu Okoli ( MON , OON ) ( born c. 1944 ) is a Nigerian pharmacist and entrepreneur .
Mark Haddock ( born 1968 ) is an Ulster loyalist paramilitary leader and RUC Special Branch informer in Northern Ireland , who has been named by various sources in connection with more than twenty - one murders .
Sabine Schmitz ( Sabine Reck while married ; born 14 May 1969 ) is a German professional motor racing driver for BMW and Porsche , also known for driving the BMW `` Ring taxi '' around the Nürburgring race track as well as being a television personality .
Elvis Defreitas ( born 20 January 1981 ) is an international football player from Barbados .
Leo Camron ( 14 March 1916 -- 21 July 2007 ) , aka `` Leo Caminsky '' or `` Arieh Camron '' , was a South African - Israeli educationalist and sportsman , from Natal particularly remembered for his English textbooks , and rugby advocacy .
John Brereton Barlow ( 24 October 1924 -- 10 December 2008 ) was a world - renowned South African cardiologist .
Arlene J. Chai ( born 1955 in Manila , Philippines ) is a Filipino - Chinese - Australian author .
Bárbara Rocío Comba ( born 14 July 1987 ) is an Argentine discus thrower .
Neil Fairbrother ( born Neil Harvey Fairbrother , 9 September 1963 , Warrington , then Lancashire ) is a former English cricketer , named by his mother after her favourite player , the Australian cricketer Neil Harvey .
Wang Taihua ( Chinese : 王太华 ; born October 1945 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China , between 2004 and 2011 , he served as director of the State Administration of Radio , Film , and Television ( SARFT ) .
Randi Bjørgen ( born 27 June 1947 ) is a Norwegian trade unionist .
Reagan Jones ( born 2 March 1973 in Lufkin , Texas ) is an American singer - songwriter , best known as the lead singer of indietronica band Iris .
Wally O'Connell OAM ( born 6 April 1923 , Paddington , New South Wales ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach of the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s .
Lukas Spalvis ( born 27 July 1994 ) is a Lithuanian professional footballer playing for Danish Superliga side AaB.
Hajredin Kuçi ( Serbo - Croatian : ' Hajredin Kuči ' ) ( born 2 January 1971 in Peć , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Kosovar politician , serving as Deputy Prime Minister of Kosovo and Minister of Justice .
Oliver Fink ( born 6 June 1982 ) is German footballer who plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf in the 2 .
Jonathan Dever ( born November 28 , 1972 ) is the Representative for the 28th district of the Ohio House of Representatives .
Dee Harvey ( born Demetrius La Vell Harvey ; August 24 , 1965 - December 1 , 2012 ) was an American R&B singer .
Sarah Deane ( born 16 July 1972 ) is a British screenwriter noted for her collaborations with producer Colin McKeown and BAFTA and Emmy Award - winning dramatist , Jimmy McGovern .
Erling Welle - Strand ( 25 October 1916 -- May 24 , 2013 ) was a Norwegian writer and resistance member .
Eddie Hardin ( 19 February 1949 -- 22 July 2015 ) was an English rock pianist and singer - songwriter .
Vilhelm Dybwad ( 12 February 1863 -- 16 March 1950 ) was a Norwegian barrister and writer .
Austin Hope ( born 1973 ) is the president and winemaker of Hope Family Wines , a Paso Robles , California - based wine producer encompassing the Liberty School , Treana , Austin Hope , Troublemaker and Candor wine labels .
Antonio Cantafora ( born 2 February 1944 ) is an Italian film and television actor , sometimes credited as Michael Coby .
Nikola Jokišić ( born 7 February 1971 ) is a retired footballer who played as a forward for clubs in Yugoslavia , Greece , Sweden , Portugal and Hungary .
Anaïs Veerapatren ( born 26 June 1986 ) is a Mauritian law - firm trainee who was crowned Miss Mauritius in 2008 , and came third in the Miss East Africa competition the same year .
D. Irvin Couvillion ( born 1934 , in Louisiana ) was a special trial judge of the United States Tax Court .
Martin Bogatinov ( born 26 April 1986 ) is a Macedonian footballer who played for Ethnikos Achna .
Frank Kitchen ( birth registered July→September 1931 ( age 83 - -84 ) ) birth registered in Prescot district , is a professional Rugby League World Cup winning footballer of the 1950s , playing at representative level for Great Britain , and at club level for Leigh , as a Wing , i.e. number 2 or 5 .
E. Vasu was born in 1935 , in Naduvattom in Kozhikode district , to Chanthukkutty and Unnooli .
Manuel de Zumaya or Manuel de Sumaya ( c. 1678 -- 1755 ) was perhaps the most famous Mexican composer of the colonial period of New Spain .
Tom Isaacs ( born 18 February 1987 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who currently plays for Cardiff Blues .
John Arscott ( 1613 - 1675 ) , of Tetcott , Devon , was Sheriff of Devon in 1675 .
Rabbi Dr. Shai Held ( born 1971 ) is a rosh yeshiva ( Rabbinic dean ) and Chair in Jewish Thought at Mechon Hadar .
José Filipe Moraes Cabral ( born 6 December 1950 ) is a Portuguese academic , author and diplomat who currently serves as the Portuguese Permanent Representative to the United Nations .
Julianna Révész , sometimes shortened to Júlia Révész ( born 24 January 1983 ) is a Hungarian épée fencer .
Rudy Maxa ( born 1949 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American consumer travel expert .
Chen Ailian ( Chinese:陈爱莲 ; 1939 - ) is a Chinese dancer .
Salman Khurshid ( born 1 January 1953 ) is an Indian politician and was the Cabinet Minister of the Ministry of External Affairs .
Enid Nemy ( born 1924 ) was a reporter and columnist for The New York Times for many years .
Ernst - Wiggo Sandbakk ( born 28 September 1957 ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( drums ) and music pedagog .
Alfred Richard Orage ( 22 January 1873 -- 6 November 1934 ) was a British intellectual , now best known for editing the magazine The New Age .
Enrique Balmaceda ( 1880 -- January 4 , 1962 ) , born José Enrique Balmaceda Toro , was a Chilean politician , diplomat and son of President José Manuel Balmaceda .
Jean - Claude Gakosso ( born 25 July 1957 ) is a Congolese politician who has served in the government of Congo - Brazzaville as Minister of Foreign Affairs since 2015 .
Unai Emery Etxegoien ( Spanish pronunciation : ( uˈnai ˈemeɾi ) ; born 3 November 1971 ) is a Spanish professional football manager and former player , currently in charge of Sevilla FC .
Coşkun Can Aktan ( born 1963 ) is an economist and a professor at the Faculty of Economics and Management at Dokuz Eylül University in İzmir , Turkey .
Tsetsenbaataryn Darambayar ( Mongolian : Цэцэнбаатарын Дарамбаяр ; born 8 August 1992 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Charles Henry Ludovic Sharman CMG CBE ISO ( 1881 -- May 15 , 1970 ) was an English - born Canadian civil servant .
Dzenita Zekic ( born 31 January 1987 ) , known by the stage name Dzeny , is a Bosnian R&B / Pop singer - songwriter .
Guðni Bergsson ( born 21 July 1965 in Reykjavík ) , is an Icelandic former football player who played for Bolton Wanderers .
Pei Ju ( 547 - 627 ) , birth name Pei Shiju , courtesy name Hongda , formally Duke Jing of Anyi , was a high - level official during the Sui and Tang dynasties , briefly serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozu of Tang .
Hannah Harper ( born 4 July 1982 ) is an English pornographic actress , director , and was featured in the April 2002 Penthouse Pet of the Month .
Mostafa Afzalifard ( Persian : ‌مصطفی افضلی‌فرد‎‎ ; born 1961 ) is an Iranian politician .
John Mark Jabalé , OSB ( born 16 October 1933 ) , is the emeritus Bishop of Menevia .
Sebastian Brajkovic ( born 1975 ) is a Dutch furniture designer who lives and works in Paris , France .
Morten Værnes ( born 6 December 1981 ) is a Norwegian ice sledge hockey player and Paralympian .
Ivan Tovstukha was born in the family of a clerk , on 10 ( 22 ) February , 1889 , in Berezna village , Chernigov region .
Russell Myers ( born 1938 ) is an American cartoonist best known for his newspaper comic strip Broom - Hilda .
Julien Stevens ( born 25 February 1943 ) is a retired Belgian cyclist who raced from 1963 to 1977 .
Arthur Elwell Fisher ( 29 May 1848 - after 1912 ) was an English composer , organist , violist , violinist , and music educator who was primarily active in North America .
Ioannis Tsangaridis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Τσαγγαρίδης ; 1887 - -1939 ) was a general of the Greek Army from Cyprus .
William Chace ( born 1938 ) is both President and Professor of English Emeritus at Emory University as well as Honorary Professor of English Emeritus at Stanford University .
Kushang Sherpa was born on 15 February 1965 in a village in the Himalayas named Walung near Makalu base , Nepal . He ran away from home the first time at the age of 14 to work as a porter on an expedition that was passing through his village .
Ron Stubbs ( born 3 October 1948 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the VFL .
Francisco Clapera ( 1746 - -1810 ) was a Spanish casta painter who lived and worked in Colonial Mexico .
Carl Frølich Hanssen ( 8 January 1883 -- 6 January 1960 ) was a Norwegian military officer and sports executive .
John Mackie , Baron John - Mackie ( 24 November 1909 -- 25 May 1994 ) was a British Labour MP elected for Enfield East at the general elections of 1959 , 1964 , 1966 and 1970 .
Sophia Serseri ( born 1 December 1995 ) is a French gymnast .
André Schulze ( born 21 November 1974 ) is a German former road racing cyclist , who competed as a professional between 2001 and 2013 .
Thomas Brentnall ( 1846 -- 1937 ) was an English - born Australian chartered accountant and musician .
George Fulton ( born 10 November 1977 in Birkenhead , Merseyside , United Kingdom ) is a British television journalist and producer who lived in Pakistan for nine years and got Pakistani nationality .
Antonia Gordiana ( 201 - ? ) was a prominent , wealthy and noble Roman woman who lived in the troubled and unstable 3rd century .
Richard Beauchamp , 2nd Baron Beauchamp of Powick ( c. 1435 -- 19 January 1502/3 ) was an English peer .
Ian Bibby ( born 20 December 1986 ) is an English professional cyclist who rides for NFTO .
Malavika ( born Shweta Konnur Menon on 19 July 1979 ) is an Indian actress who acted mainly in Tamil films .
Vivian Bales ( married name Faison , January 1909 - -December 2001 ) was the first motorcycle cover girl and was known for several long distance motorcycle rides around the US , and motorcycle stunt riding , in the 1920s and 1930s .
Robert Bowie ( March 1750 -- January 8 , 1818 ) served as the 11th Governor of the state of Maryland in the United States , from 1803 to 1806 , and from 1811 to 1812 .
Helen Elizabeth Garrett , commonly known as Elizabeth Garrett , born c. 1963 , is an American professor of law and an academic administrator .
Viacheslav Yatsiuk ( Ukrainian : Вячеслав Вікторович Яцюк ) ( born 11 September 1969 ) is a Ukrainian career diplomat with 20 years of professional experience in both bilateral and multilateral diplomacy .
Phil S. Baran ( born 1977 ) is a Professor in the Department of Chemistry at the Scripps Research Institute and Member of the Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology .
William Wiehe Collins H.R.I. R.B.C. ( 4 August 1862 -- 16 February 1951 ) was an English architectural and landscape genre painter .
Inès Boubakri ( Arabic : ايناس بوبكري‎ ; born 28 December 1988 ) is a Tunisian foil fencer .
Carl John Drake ( 1885 - -1965 ) was and American entomologist and zoologist .
Ivan Snehota ( born 1946 ) is an Italian organizational theorist , consultant , and Professor of Marketing at the Faculty of Communication Sciences of the University of Lugano , known for his work in the field of business networks with Håkan Håkansson and others .
Marian Neuteich ( May 29 , 1890 - c.1943 ) was a Polish - Jewish composer , cellist and conductor .
Campbell Morrison ( born William Morrison in 1952 , Glasgow , Scotland ; died January 2008 ) was a Scottish actor .
Stefan Petzner ( born 17 January 1981 in Lassnitz near Murau , Styria ) is an Austrian politician .
Timothy Leslie Boyd ( born 14 December 1952 ) , better known as Tommy Boyd , is a British radio presenter .
Paul Croft ( born 11 March 1951 ) is an Australian arm amputee athlete who has participated in four Summer Paralympic Games .
Georgiy Gorokhov ( Russian : Георгий Горохов ; born 20 April 1993 ) is a Russian athlete specialising in the pole vault .
Lucy Lyttelton Cameron ( 29 April 1781 -- 6 September 1858 ) was a British magazine editor and a writer for children with religious themes .
Jacqueline Govaert ( born 20 April 1982 ) is a Dutch singer , songwriter , and pianist .
Born in Copenhagen on 12 January 1787 , Peter Nicolay Skibsted was the son of the brewer and alderman , Andreas Skibsted .
Urszula Figwer ( 25 April 1931 ) is a Polish javelin thrower .
Soto Grimshaw ( 1833 - 1900 ) was an Argentine naturalist , explorer and gaucho .
Kathy Giusti ( born 1958 ) is the Founder and Executive Chairman of the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation ( MMRF ) and the Multiple Myeloma Research Consortium ( MMRC ) .
Darko Pančev nicknamed Kobra ( Macedonian : Дарко Панчев , Macedonian pronunciation : ( ˈdarkɔ ˈpantʃɛf ) , born 7 September 1965 ) is a retired Macedonian footballer and winner of the Golden Boot award in 1991 .
James Wesley Pruden , Jr. , known as Wesley Pruden ( born 1935 ) , is an American journalist and author .
Thomas William Salmon , M.D. ( 1876 - 1927 ) was a leader of the mental hygiene movement in the United States in early twentieth century .
Franziska Mietzner ( born 20 December 1988 ) is a German handballer who plays for Thüringer HC and the German national team in left back position .
Hugh Henry Brackenridge ( 1748 -- June 25 , 1816 ) was an American writer , lawyer , judge , and justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania .
David John Nevin ( Born 1830 ) was an American officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Silvano Contini ( born 15 January 1958 ) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer .
Wang San - tsai ( Chinese : 王三財 ; born 14 January 1965 ) is a Taiwanese fencer .
Mangala Sharma ( born 1969 ) is a Bhutanese human and women 's rights activist , the first winner of the Ginetta Sagan Fund Award in 1997 .
Julian Penniston - Hill ( born 30 June 1970 ) is a British business man and entrepreneur , the founder and chief executive of Investment Management Firm Intelligent Money , the UK 's largest intermediary - only SIPP provider .
Jane Shepard ( born 1958 ) is an American playwright , filmmaker and cartoonist .
Giovanni Bellati ( 1750 -- early 1800s ) was an Italian painter active in the Neoclassic period .
Wu Xinxiong ( Chinese : 吴新雄 ; pinyin : Wú Xīnxióng ; born 1949 ) is a Chinese politician .
Mosese Pangai ( born 18 December 1991 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of Tongan descent who plays for the Townsville Blackhawks of the Queensland Cup competition .
Jahnabi Goswami ( born 16 September 1976 ) is an Indian HIV / AIDS activist from Assam .
Rev Dr Robert Coulter MLA ( born 1929 ) is a Unionist politician from Northern Ireland .
Kyabje Gelek Rimpoche ( Tibetan : སྐྱབས་རྗེ་དགེ་ལེགས་རིན་པོ་ཆེ། , Wylie : skyabs rje dge legs rin po che/ ) is a Tibetan Buddhist lama who was born in Lhasa , Tibet in 1939 .
Jen Green ( born 1955 ) is a British author of non - fiction books for children and adults .
Karla Mayer , born Karla Woellert ( born 7 February 1918 ) , was a guard at three Nazi death camps during the Second World War .
Vincent Dumestre ( born 5 May 1968 ) is a French lutenist .
Jens Ewald ( born 30 July 1983 in Schwerte , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German slalom canoer who competed in the 2000s .
Prof . Darni M Daud ( born 25 July 1961 , Pidie , Indonesia ) is the former rector of Syiah Kuala University ( USK ) in Aceh , Indonesia , the only state university in Banda Aceh .
Wayne Jacobs ( born 3 February 1969 ) is an English football coach and former professional player who was most recently assistant manager at Bradford City .
José Zapata ( 15 September 1970 ) is a baseball manager who works in the Boston Red Sox Minor League system .
Herwig Reiter ( Waidhofen an der Thaya , 26 June 1941 ) is an Austrian composer .
John Randolph Haynes ( 1853 - -1937 ) was a prominent California socialist in the early 20th century who helped steer many of state 's reforms during this period .
Jordan Dane ( born 1953 ) is a romantic thriller Young - adult fiction novelist .
Étienne de La Vallée Poussin ( 1735 - -1802 ) , also called Delavallée - Poussin in certain biographies , was a French history painter and creator of interior decorative schemes .
Maharaja Sher Singh ( 4 December 1807 - 15 September 1843 ) was a Sikh ruler of the sovereign country of Punjab and the Sikh Empire .
Gareth McLearnon ( born 17 January 1980 ) is a Northern Irish flautist , composer and arranger based in London , UK .
William Hopkins FRS ( 2 February 1793 -- 13 October 1866 ) was an English mathematician and geologist .
Bernice Steadman ( 1925 -- March 18 , 2015 ) was an American professional aviator and businesswoman .
Terry St Clair ( born Terry Sharrott , 1951 , Burslem , Staffordshire , England ) is a British folk musician , guitarist and composer .
Ekaterina Koneva ( Russian : Екатерина Конева ; born 25 September 1988 ) is a Russian track and field athlete who competes in the triple jump .
Glenn Burgess ( born 1963 ) was an Australian rugby league player from the 1980s .
Ariel Zeitoun ( born 26 September 1949 ) is a French - Jewish director , producer , and screenwriter .
Sergio Insunza Barrios ( 1920 -- July 19 , 2014 ) was a Chilean lawyer , politician and human rights activist .
Paul Wilkes ( born 1938 ) is an American writer of Slovak origin and filmmaker who is best known for his focus on religion , especially Roman Catholicism and its monastic tradition .
Anderson Luis da Silva ( born 22 December 1972 ) , or simply Anderson Silva , is a former Brazilian football player and coach .
László Balint ( born 29 March 1979 , in Braşov ) is a Romanian football manager of Hungarian descent , currently in charge of the Liga II club Academica Clinceni .
Sir John Jeffreyson ( 1635 - 1700 ) was an English - born judge whose judicial career was spent in Ireland ; he was unusual among Irish judges of the time in holding the rank of English Serjeant - at - law .
Şemdin Sakık ( born 1959 ) , nicknamed Parmaksiz Zeki for having lost a finger while firing a rocket , is a former commander of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) 's military forces .
Siegfried Amerkamp ( 20 March 1920 -- 1 September 1995 ) was a German Obergefreiter in the Wehrmacht and later in the Waffen - SS during World War II .
Jiro Muramats ( 6 September 1878 -- 7 January 1943 ) was a pearler who lived in Western Australia 's remote town of Cossack .
Love Ablish ( born 3 December 1982 ) is an Indian first - class cricketer .
Nikke Ström ( born 8 June 1951 ) is a Swedish rock musician , mostly known as the bass player in Nationalteatern .
Jahanara Alam ( Bengali : জাহানারা আলম ) ( born : 1 April 1993 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women 's cricket team .
Mark Pharaoh ( born 18 July 1931 ) is a former track and field athlete , who competed in the discus throw at both the 1952 Helsinki Olympics and the 1956 Melbourne Olympics where he came fourth .
Ruth Higham ( born 1978 ) is a former Page 3 girl from Harwood near Bolton , England .
Shao Zhanwei ( Chinese : 邵占维 ; February 1956 -- March 6 , 2013 ) was a Chinese politician from Zhejiang province .
Stig Vilhelmson ( born 1956 ) was a Swedish businessman who was the former Chief Executive Officer of investment bank Carnegie .
Ray Cattouse ( born 24 July 1952 ) is a British former boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1980 and 1982 and fought for the European title .
So Yong Kim ( born 1968 ) is an award - winning Korean American independent filmmaker .
Vladimir Strelnikov ( born 1939 ) is a Ukrainian artist and former Soviet dissident .
George L. Kelm ( born 1931 ) is Professor Emeritus of Archaeology and Biblical Backgrounds at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary , Fort Worth , Texas , and while serving at New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary , he and Amihai Mazar uncovered Timnah .
Stephen Theodore ( born 18 December 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1970s .
Sir Edward Hall Alderson ( baptised 11 September 1787 -- 27 January 1857 ) was an English lawyer and judge whose many judgments on commercial law helped to shape the emerging British capitalism of the Victorian era .
Valeriy Vasylyev ( born 21 April 1976 ) is a retired athlete who specialised in the long jump .
Adrian Flanagan ( born 1 October 1960 in Nairobi , Kenya ) is a British author and sailor who , on 21 May 2008 , achieved the first ever single - handed vertical circumnavigation ( via the geographical poles ) of the globe .
Daniel Boys ( born 26 March 1979 ) is an English musical theatre actor , who was a contestant on the BBC talent series Any Dream Will Do in 2007 before becoming known as a stage actor in various musicals including Avenue Q , Peter Pan and Spamalot .
Chen Zihan ( born 2 April 1978 ) , previously known as Chen Shasha , is a Chinese actress .
Craig Willis ( born 1954 ) is an Australian announcer who has appeared as the voice of many of Network Ten / One HD & Seven Network 's AFL Grand Final , Anzac Day , Dreamtime At The ' G and major Finals Broadcasts / Telecasts .
Elfenesh Alemu ( born 10 June 1975 in Lemo Arya , Arsi Zone ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner , who specializes in the marathon race .
Tobie Puttock ( born 1974 ) is an Australian celebrity chef , best known for his association with British chef Jamie Oliver .
Franke Rupert ( In Hungarian literature : Franke Ruppert ; 30 October 1888 , Vienna - 1971 ) was an Austrian graphic and engraver .
Svetlana Yakovlevna Berzina ( Russian : Светлана Яковлевна Берзина ) , ( 7 March 1932 , in Moscow -- 24 April 2012 , in Moscow ) was an important Russian Egyptologist .
Alfred P. Slaner ( 10 April 1918 -- 14 March 1996 ) was an American businessman and one - time president of the Kayser - Roth Corporation .
Shatrughan Sinha ( born Shatrughan Prasad Sinha on 9 December 1945 ) is an Indian film actor turned politician .
Emanuel Vardi ( 21 April 1915 -- 29 January 2011 ) , an Israeli - American violist , was considered to have been one of the great viola players of the 20th century .
Michael Hennagin ( 17 September 1936 -- 4 June 1993 ) was an American composer and university professor .
Uzo ( born August 1957 ) is a Nigerian - American filmmaker and graphic artist .
Fang Jingqi ( simplified Chinese : 方镜淇 ; traditional Chinese : 方鏡淇 ; pinyin : Fāng Jìngqí ; born 17 January 1993 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Graham Gold ( born 5 July 1954 ) is a British DJ . Gold is primarily known as a DJ whose sets were broadcast live Friday nights on Kiss ( UK radio station ) and distributed on the Universal Music TV label .
Cyril of Alexandria ( Greek : Κύριλλος Ἀλεξανδρείας ; c. 376 -- 444 ) was the Patriarch of Alexandria from 412 to 444 .
Simone Petilli ( born 4 May 1993 ) is an Italian cyclist , currently riding for UCI WorldTeam Lampre--
Fahad Salim Hadid Obaid Ghraib ( Arabic : فهد سالم حديد عبيد غريب‎ ; born 7 July 1993 ) , commonly known as Fahad Hadeed , is an Emirati footballer .
Izhar Qazi ( Urdu : 1955 -- December 23 , 2007 ) was a famous two time Nigar award winning , Pakistani film and television actor and a playback singer , perhaps best known for his resemblance to the Indian film actor Amitabh Bachhan .
Martin Elvestad ( born 26 July 1989 ) is a Norwegian footballer currently playing for the Norwegian side Kvik Halden .
Andy Grundy ( born 19 November 1977 ) is a former English rugby league professional Footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Andrew McGibbon ( a.k.a . Andrew Paresi ; born 1961 in Chiswick ) , is an English comedian , actor , writer , musician and composer .
Benhuan ( Chinese : 本焕 ; pinyin : Běnhuàn ; 1907 -- April 2 , 2012 ) was a Buddhist monk , Chan master and religious leader in China .
Abraham Yango ( born 6 August 1996 ) is a Liberian - born Australian footballer who plays as a left winger for Avondale FC .
Phil Weidman ( born Alturas , California in 1936 ) is an American poet who has written nine books of poetry .
Matthew V. Storin ( born 1942 , Massachusetts ) was Editor of the Boston Globe from 1992 - 2001 .
Brian Costello ( born 1984 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a full - back for the London senior hurling team .
Hernan Espindola ( born 19 October 1994 ) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Hume City in the NPL Victoria .
Will Elliott ( born 1979 ) is an Australian horror writer who lives in Brisbane , Queensland .
José del Carmen Lugo ( 1813 -- c. 1870 ) was a major 19th century Mexican Californio landowner in Southern California .
Bart Buysse ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbɑrt ˈbœy̯sə ) ) ( born 16 October 1986 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a left back for NEC in the Eredivisie .
Katharine Sweeney Hayden ( born May 30 , 1942 ) is a United States federal judge serving in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey on senior status .
Rodney Afshari ( born 1972 ) is an American personal manager of musical artists .
Emmanuel Rukundo ( born 1 December 1959 ) is a Rwandan Roman Catholic priest who in 2009 was convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda ( ICTR ) for his participation in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide .
Jacob Bragg ( born 15 May 2000 ) is an Australian long distance runner who holds the world single age record for U13 half marathon .
Cathal Óg Greene ( born 1987 ) is a Gaelic footballer for London .
Jan Simonsen ( born 3 March 1953 ) is a Norwegian writer , freelance journalist and politician .
Ron Angus ( born 16 November 1956 , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada ) is an author , judo coach , and a public speaker on physical fitness .
Aliaa Magda Elmahdy ( Arabic : علياء ماجدة المهدى‎ , IPA : ( ʕælˈjæːʔ ˈmæɡdæ ( ʔe)lˈmæhdi , ˈʕæljæ- ) ; born 16 November 1991 ) is an Egyptian internet activist and women 's rights advocate .
Joachim von Berenberg - Consbruch ( né Joachim von Consbruch 1940 ) is a German banker , who served as a personally liable partner at Berenberg Bank 1978 - -2005 and the firm 's head 1979 - -2005 .
Ronald Stuart Thomas ( 29 March 1913 -- 25 September 2000 ) , published as R. S. Thomas , was a Welsh poet and Anglican priest who was noted for his nationalism , spirituality and deep dislike of the anglicisation of Wales .
Antonia Petrova Beredin ( Bulgarian : Антония Петрова Бередин , born 1984 ) is a Bulgarian actress and the winner of Miss Bulgaria 2009 , from the city of Pernik .
Gilmar Dal Pozzo ( born 1 September 1969 ) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as goalkeeper and the current Manager
Sandi Klavžar(born 5 February 1962 ) is a Slovenian mathematician working in the area of graph theory and its applications .
Cillian Farrell ( born 1977 in Edenderry , County Offaly , Ireland ) is an Irish hurling manager and former dual player .
Kheredine Idessane ( born 1 December 1969 ) is a Scottish football commentator for BBC Scotland .
Nathan D. Wendell ( 1835 , Fort Plain , Montgomery County , New York -- January 5 , 1886 , Albany , Albany County , New York ) was an American banker and politician .
Sólrún Michelsen ( born Midjord in Tórshavn in 1948 ) , grew up in Argir , is a Faroese writer and poet .
Lee Yong - jun ( Korean : 이용준 born 4 February 1985 in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey center .
Timir Biswas ( Bengali : তিমির বিশ্বাস ; born 20 November 1982 ) is a playback singer , songwriter , composer and the lead singer of the band Fakira .
Diccon Lynes ( born January 1970 ; England ) and is currently a Director of Ashdown Group .
Raymond II Trencavel ( also spelled Raimond ; 1207 -- 1263/1267 ) was the last ruler of the branch of the Trencavel viscounts of Béziers .
R. Chidambara Bharathi ( 5 June 1905 -- 30 April 1987 ) was a veteran freedom fighter and nationalist who spent 14 years in various prisons in northern India .
Daniel Joseph Martinez ( born 1957 ) , is a Los Angeles based contemporary artist .
Donald Travis Stewart ( aka Trav S.D. ) ( born 8 November 1965 ) is a leading figure in the New Vaudeville and Indie Theater movements , an author , journalist , playwright and stage performer .
Slobodan Trajković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Слободан Трајковић ; born 1954 , in Priština , Yugoslavia , today Serbia ) is a Serbian visual artist .
Toribio Rojas Gamboa ( born 14 February 1945 ) is a retired Costa Rican football player who has worked for ten years as a manager in Puerto Rico .
Muhammad Salih ( Мухаммад Салих ) , ( born 20 December 1949 ) is an Uzbek political opposition leader and writer .
John Bower ( born 1941 ) is a former American nordic combined skier who competed in the 1960s and later went on to become a coach of the American nordic skiing team for the 1976 and 1980 Winter Olympic team .
Drew Pearce ( born 24 August 1975 ) is a British film writer , director and producer .
Adaveeshaiah Puttaveeraswamy Gagan Ullalmath ( Kannada : ಗಗನ್ ಉಳ್ಳಾಲಮಠ , born 1 August 1992 ) , popularly known as Gagan Ullalmath , is an Indian swimmer .
Anett Vilipuu ( born 25 September 1996 ) is an Estonian football player who plays for Levadia Tallinn , as a midfielder .
Meir Minsky ( born 16 April 1949 ) is an American , Israeli , and Belgian conductor .
Veronika Machová ( born 17 August 1990 ) is a Czech beauty pageant contestant from Rokycany who won Miss World Czech Republic 2010 on Saturday 20 March 2010 .
Mark Larkham ( born 29 December 1963 in Benalla , Victoria ) is a retired Australian racing driver , former racing team owner and television commentator .
Yu Wenxia ( Chinese : 于文霞 ; pinyin : Yú Wénxiá ; born 6 August 1989 ) is a Chinese actress , TV Host , singer , model and beauty queen .
Odd Harsheim ( 20 July 1924 -- 21 June 1994 ) was a Norwegian goldsmith , military officer , multi - sportsperson and sports official .
Sivarasa Rasiah ( Tamil : சிவராசா ராசையா ; born 8 December 1956 ) , or also known as R.Sivarasa is a prominent Malaysian politician , lawyer and human rights activist of Ceylonese / Sri Lankan descent .
Lanie Lane ( born 11 February 1987 ) is the stage name of Lanier Stefanie Myra Johnston , an Australian blues - jazz singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Marta Bohn - Meyer ( 18 August 1957 -- 18 September 2005 ) was an American pilot and engineer .
David Weinberger ( born 1950 ) is an American technologist , professional speaker , and commentator , probably best known as co - author of the Cluetrain Manifesto ( originally a website , and eventually a book , which has been described as `` a primer on Internet marketing '' ) .
Sahim Omar Kalifa ( born 1980 Zakho , Iraqi Kurdistan ) is a Belgian - Kurdish filmmaker based in Belgium .
Kalamandalam Haridas ( 15 September 1946 -- 17 September 2005 ) was a renowned Kathakali musician noted for his evocative rendition of the padams , or playback songs for the characters in the classical Kerala dance - drama .
Dame Thea King DBE FRCM FGSM ( 26 December 1925 -- 26 June 2007 ) was a British clarinettist .
Pir Wazir Ismail Gangji / Varas Ismail Gangji ( 1788 - 1883 ) was an Ismaili Pir , religious leader , Ismaili missionary and social worker from Junagadh , who is also noted for beautiful explanations of some often recited Ginans of Ismaili faith .
Ángel Guirado Aldeguer ( born 9 December 1984 ) is a Filipino professional footballer who plays for Spanish club UD San Pedro as a midfielder or a second striker .
Blake Grima ( born 8 June 1984 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) between 2004 and 2008 .
Zhang Hongyuan ( simplified Chinese : 张洪沅 ; traditional Chinese : 張洪沅 ; pinyin : Zhāng Hóngyuán ; 8 April 1902 -- 28 October 1992 ) was a Chinese chemist and educator .
Amalia Lindegren , ( 22 May 1814 -- 27 December 1891 ) was a Swedish artist and painter .
Eleanor Bergstein ( born 1938 ) is an American writer , known for writing and co - producing the popular 1980s film Dirty Dancing , which was based in large part on her own childhood .
Bruce Gyngell AO ( 8 July 1929 -- 7 September 2000 ) was an influential Australian television executive , prominent for 50 years in both Australian and UK television .
Vincent Bikana ( born 26 February 1992 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who is currently a Terengganu FA of Malaysia Super League after having last played for Petrolul Ploieşti in Romania , as a centre back .
Spiro Ristovski ( Macedonian : Спиро Ристовски ) ( born 6 July 1981 ) is a Macedonian politician .
Alfred Montmarquette ( 6 April 1871 - 24 May 1944 ) was a Canadian folksong composer and accordionist .
Pascal Parisot ( born November 1963 ) , is a French songwriter and singer .
Elyakim Haetzni ( Hebrew : אליקים העצני‎‎ , born 22 June 1926 ) is an Israeli lawyer , settlement activist and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Tehiya from 1990 until 1992 .
Andrew Lindsay MBE ( born 25 March 1977 ) is a British former Olympic medal - winning rower and the CEO of Telecom Plus , which owns The Utility Warehouse .
Filipe de Brito e Nicote or Nga Zinga ( Burmese : ငဇင်ကာ , pronounced : ( ŋə zɪ̀ɴkà ) ; b. circa 1566 , d. April 1613 ) was a Portuguese adventurer and mercenary in Rakhine ( Arakanese ) service .
Kerri Randle ( born 26 March 1974 ) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s .
Joseph Michel ( 1679 - 1736 ) was an 18th - century French baroque chorister , composer and music teacher of the Sainte Chapelle of Dijon , demolished in 1802 .
Stephen L. Green ( born 1938 ) is founder and Chairman of SL Green Realty Corp. , which claims to be Manhattan 's largest owner of office buildings .
Claudia Hart ( born 1955 in New York , NY ) is an artist and Associate Professor in the Department of Film , Video , New Media , Animation at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , Chicago , IL .
Dietmar Vestweber ( born 16 March 1956 ) is a biochemist and cell biologist .
Rupert Billingsley ( born 1644 , date of death unknown ) was an English soldier who secured the garrison and town of Berwick - upon - Tweed for William of Orange during the Glorious Revolution in 1688 .
Russell Mardell ( born 25 September 1975 in Cambridge , Cambridgeshire ) is an English writer and film maker .
Dr. Michael D. Mehta ( born in 1965 in Halifax , Canada ) is an environmental social scientist who specializes in science , technology and society with a focus on environmental and health risk issues .
M. Nannan ( born 1923 ) is an educationist , bureaucrat and socio - political activist .
Karin Friedrich ( born 12 June 1963 in Munich ) is a German historian , currently a senior lecturer in history at the University of Aberdeen King 's College .
Jim Canfield ( born 13 March 1958 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Giorgos Dimaras ( Greek : Γιώργος Δημαράς ; born 16 December 1946 ) is a Greek politician .
Lucy Thompson ( 1856 - -1932 ) is an author known for her 1916 To the American Indian :
Andrea Fedi ( born 29 May 1991 ) is an Italian racing cyclist riding for Southeast Pro Cycling .
Filippo Brizzi or Briccio or Brizio ( 1603 - -1675 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Sam Soliman ( born 13 November 1973 ) is an Australian professional boxer of Coptic descent .
Stewart Pitt ( born 19 March 1968 in Ayr ) is a British slalom canoeist who competed in the late 1980s and in 1990s .
Prince Henrik of Denmark , Count of Monpezat ( Henrik Carl Joachim Alain ; born 4 May 2009 ) , is the third and youngest son of Prince Joachim and the only son of his second wife , Princess Marie .
Hannelore Knuts ( born 4 November 1977 ) is a Belgian actress and fashion model .
Azadeh Shafiq ( 1951 -- 23 February 2011 ) was an Iranian royal and a member of the Pahlavi dynasty , being daughter of Ashraf Pahlavi .
Vincent Dreyer ( born 8 October 1978 ) is a Namibian rugby union fullback .
Bhuwan Karki ( also spelled as Bhuvan Karki ) ( Nepali : भुवन कार्की ) ( born 28 January 1994 ) is a Nepalese cricketer .
Rodrigo Odriozola López , known as Rodrigo López ( born 31 August 1988 ) , is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Deportivo Pasto in the Liga Águila of Colombia .
Gershon Mesika ( Hebrew : גרשון מסיקה‎ , born 5 July 1952 ) an Israeli lawyer and politician .
Homer Lane ( 1875 - -1925 ) was an American - born educator who believed that the behaviour and character of children improved when they were given more control over their lives .
Mordechai Frizis ( Greek : Μαρδοχαίος Φριζής ; 1 January 1893 -- 5 December 1940 ) was a Greek military officer , who distinguished himself in World War II , and was killed on 5 December 1940 , fighting against the Julia Division .
Lydia Sargent ( born 10 January 1942 ) is an American feminist , writer , author , playwright , and actor .
Dov Milman ( Hebrew : דב מילמן‎ , born 16 January 1919 , died 4 May 2007 ) was an Israeli politician and diplomat who served as a member of the Knesset for Gahal between 1969 and 1974 , and as ambassador to Portugal from 1981 until 1983 .
Kalaimamani Ranganayaki Rajagopalan ( born 3 May 1932 ) is an award - winning veena instrumentalist and winner of Presidential Award for Carnatic Instrumental Music .
Dave Jenks ( born about 1942 ) is an American author and business person .
Istvan Pely , born in 1974 , is an American game artist .
Dorothy Pitman Hughes ( born 1938 ) is a feminist , child - welfare advocate , African - American activist , public speaker , author , pioneering African - American small business owner , and mother of three daughters .
Bisera Veletanlić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бисера Велетанлић , pronounced ( bǐsɛra ʋɛlɛ̌taːnlit͡ɕ ) born 15 September 1942 in Sisak , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian jazz singer , one of the greatest names of Yugoslav evergreen scene and the star of music festivals in the 1970s .
John Lloyd Bale ( 18 January 1837 -- 22 November 1885 ) was a banker and politician in Queensland , Australia .
Hans - Joachim Weise ( born 15 November 1912 ) is a German competitive sailor and Olympic champion .
Count Ferenc Wesselényi de Hadad et Murány ( 1605 -- Zólyomlipcse ( Slovenská Ľupča ) , 23 March 1667 ) was a Hungarian military commander and the palatine of the Royal Hungary .
Terry Kilburn ( born 25 November 1926 ) is an English - American former child actor .
Francis Sydney Smythe , better known as Frank Smythe or F. S. Smythe ( 6 July 1900 -- 27 June 1949 ) , was a British mountaineer , author , photographer and botanist .
Roger Tilling ( born 17 October 1971 in Hertfordshire ) is a British voiceover artist , voice actor and broadcaster .
Brian Earnshaw ( born 26 December 1929 ) is a British author , known for his Dragonfall 5 series , illustrated by Simon Stern .
Camilla Way ( born 1973 in Greenwich , London ) is an English author who was previously , from 2005 , an editor at the men 's style magazine Arena .
Tom Gorai ( born December 1962 ) is an award - winning American film producer .
Jaxon Crabb ( born 7 November 1979 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played as a midfielder for the West Coast Eagles and Port Adelaide Football Club .
Bob Holiday ( born 1932 ) in an American actor best known for playing Superman in the 1966 Broadway musical It 's a Bird , It 's a Plane , It 's Superman !
Marie - Thérèse Armentero ( born 13 November 1965 ) is a Swiss swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 50 m freestyle at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships .
Giovanni Melluso ( born 1959 ) was an Italian criminal and alleged associate of the Milanese crime boss , Francis Turatello , who later became a significant informant against the Nuova Camorra Organizzata ( NCO ) , a Camorra organization in Naples .
Les Nemes ( born 5 December 1960 , Croydon , England ) is an English bassist .
Clarence Eckerson , Jr. ( born 1967 ) is a Brooklyn - based videographer and the creator of BikeTV and Streetfilms.org .
Jale Baba ( born 27 July 1958 ) in Lautoka is a Fijian businessman and political organizer .
Julien Dunkley ( born 20 December 1975 ) is a Jamaican track and field athlete who specialises in sprint events .
Dugald Semple ( 1884 -- 1964 ) , was a Scottish advocate of `` simple living '' , a naturalist , prolific author , and fruitarian .
Luke Busby ( born 22 April 1981 ) is an English music producer - songwriter , best known for being part of UK electronic pop band Temposhark , with singer / songwriter Robert Diament .
Karl Davies ( born 6 August 1982 ) is an English actor , who portrayed Lyle Anderson in the TV series Kingdom .
John Van Nest Talmage ( 18 August 1819 -- 19 August 1892 ) , was a Protestant Christian missionary to Amoy , Fujian , China .
Tom Cotcher ( born 28 July 1950 ) is a Scottish actor who played Alan Woods in The Bill from 1992 to 1996 .
Brian Lies ( pronounced Lees ) ( born 1963 ) is an American author and illustrator of children 's books .
Yinka Bode - George ( born April 1987 ) is a Canada - based Nigerian model .
Philemon E. Sturges ( 1929 - -2005 ) was an American , Rhode Island - based architect and children 's books author .
Gerald Presley ( born 1942 in Arnprior , Ontario ) was a Canadian bobsledder who competed in the mid-1960s .
Jeff Halper ( Hebrew : ג'ף הלפר‎ ; born 1946 ) is an American - born anthropologist , author , lecturer , and political activist who has lived in Israel since 1973 .
Shea Hembrey ( born 1974 in Hickory Grove , Arkansas ) is an American conceptual artist .
Sandra Gough ( born 2 August 1943 , in Manchester , Lancashire ) is an English actress , best known for her role as Irma Ogden in the soap opera Coronation Street , which she played from 1964 to 1972 .
Andre Staffelbach , FIIDA , ASID ( born 1939 ) was born in Chur , Switzerland .
Han Bennink ( born 17 April 1942 ) is a Dutch jazz drummer and percussionist .
Frank Ciaccia ( born 11 September 1959 ) is a Canadian former soccer player who earned two caps for the national team in 1981 .
Helen Modern ( born 16 February 1983 ) is an English actress best known for her recurring role as Naomi in British sitcom , Respectable on Five .
Di Brandt ( born 31 January 1952 ) is a Canadian poet and scholar .
Michael R. Fuljenz ( born 1954 ) is a numismatist , author and businessman .
Narasinh Narayan Godbole ( Marathi : नरसिंह नारायण गोडबोले ) ( 1888 - Unknown ) was the first Director of Industries & Supplies of Government of Rajasthan .
Frank Staines ( 7 November 1876 -- 12 August 1937 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Pier Morten ( born 15 February 1959 ) is a Canadian judoka and wrestler , and is the world 's first deaf - blind black belt in Judo .
Glenn V. Davidson CMM , CD ( born 1952 ) is a senior naval officer in the Canadian Forces .
Noraseela Mohd Khalid ( born 27 September 1979 ) is a Malaysian athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles .
Niklas Asker ( born 1979 ) is a Swedish comic book artist , best known for his debut graphic novel Second Thoughts
Kim Leppänen ( born 12 . April 1989 ) is a Finnish sport shooter who won the 2015 IPSC Shotgun World Shoot Standard Manual division title , and was part of the Finnish Standard Manual National Team together with Jaakko Viitala , Ari Matero and Mikael Ekberg which placed first in the team classification .
Ben Lewitt born 23 October 1978 in Leamington Spa , England is a rugby union player currently playing for the Bedford Blues in the Aviva Championship .
Emma Edmondson ( born 15 March 1984 in Rochdale , Greater Manchester ) is a British television actress , best known for playing Mel Morton in Coronation Street .
Maicon da Silva Moreira , simply known as Maicon ( born 10 March 1993 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Livorno as a right midfielder or right defender .
Antal Kiss ( born 30 December 1935 ) was a Hungarian athlete , who mainly competed in the 50 kilometre walk .
Mohamad Fityan ( born 1 August 1984 , Aleppo , Syria ) is a Syrian musician and composer known for his mastery of the ney and kawala .
Sagi Strauss ( Hebrew : שגיא שטראוס‎ ; born 29 June 1976 ) is a retired Israeli international football player .
Azouz Statra is an Algerian musician and actor born in 1981 who lives in Sétif .
Dalibor Vesely ( 19 June 1934 -- 31 March 2015 ) was a Czech - born architectural historian and theorist who was influential through his writing and teaching in establishing the role of hermeneutics and phenomenology as part of the discourse of architecture and of architectural design .
Dominic Michaelis ( born 1938 ) is an Anglo French architect and inventor .
Catherine Rabett ( sometimes known as Katie Rabett ) ( born 20 July 1960 in London ) is a British actress .
William Barnes Rhodes ( 1772 - -1826 ) was an English author , best known for his burlesque opera , Bombastes Furioso .
Katherine Gallagher ( born 7 September 1935 ) is an Australian poet resident in London .
Aaron Moses - Garvey ( born 6 September 1989 ) is an English - born professional footballer who plays as a striker for Romulus Football Club .
Olivier Lecerf ( 1928 -- August 10 , 2006 ) was a French businessman and a Thoroughbred racehorse owner .
Faye Duchin ( /ˈdjuːtʃʉn/ ; born 1944 ) is an American Computer Scientist and Professor of Economics at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute , where she was the Dean of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences from 1996 to 2002 .
Tang Chin , also Tang Jing , Chin Tang and Tong Jing ( Chinese : 唐菁 ) ( 1 January 1924- ) is a retired Chinese film actor and businessman from Zhengzhou , Hebei , working in the Cinema of Taiwan and the Cinema of Hong Kong .
Neil Somerville ( born 15 May 1973 ) is an Ulster Unionist Party politician in Northern Ireland .
Vanessa Woods ( born 1977 ) is an Australian science writer , author and journalist , and is the main Australian / New Zealand feature writer for the Discovery Channel .
Adonis Puentes ( born 1974 ) is a Cuban - Canadian singer - songwriter who sings in Spanish and English .
Liesl Laurie ( born April 28 , 1991 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a South African model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss South Africa 2015 .
Giora Godik ( 1921 - 1977 ) was a Jewish Israeli theater producer and impresario , famous for bringing musical comedies to Israel .
John Rushout , 2nd Baron Northwick ( 16 February 1770 -- 20 January 1859 ) was an English peer , landowner and collector of art works .
Hassan Ashjari ( Persian : حسن اشجاری‎‎ ) , born 1 August 1979 in Rasht , is an Iranian football player .
Declan Hannon ( born 25 November 1992 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a left wing - forward for the Limerick senior team .
Alexander Ridha ( born 22 August 1982 ) , better known by his stage name Boys Noize , is a German electronic music producer and DJ . It is similar to the name of Ridha 's label , Boysnoize Records , which he established in 2005 .
Klaas Nuninga ( born 7 November 1940 ) is a former Dutch international footballer who played for GVAV - Rapiditas , Ajax and DWS during his career .
Keeley Forsyth ( born 1979 , Oldham , Greater Manchester ) is an English actress and musician .
Timothy Tipping ( 13 February 1958 -- 5 February 1993 ) , better known as Tip Tipping , was an English film and television stuntman and actor .
William Cavendish , 4th Duke of Devonshire ( 8 May 1720 -- 2 October 1764 ) , styled Lord Cavendish before 1729 and Marquess of Hartington between 1729 and 1755 , was a British Whig statesman who was briefly nominal Prime Minister of Great Britain .
Zachary Boyd ( 1585 - -1653 ) was a Scottish minister and university administrator who wrote many sermons , scriptural versifications and other devotional works .
Ashley McKenzie ( born 17 July 1989 ) is an English judo athlete .
David Sun Tak - kei , BBS , JP ( Chinese : 孫德基 , born 1953 ) is the current Director of Audit of Hong Kong .
Darragh Leader ( born 22 May 1993 , in Galway ) is a rugby union player from Ireland .
Nguyễn Văn Dũng ( born 14 April 1994 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Left - back for V.League 1 club Hà Nội , on loan from Hà Nội T&T.
Count Károly Csáky de Körösszeg et Adorján ( 10 April 1873 -- 30 April 1945 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , who served as Minister of Defence between 1923 and 1929 .
Sir Christopher Sheehy OBE ( 25 December 1894 -- 31 August 1960 ) was one of Queensland 's and Australia 's leading dairy industry administrators .
James Innes - Ker , 5th Duke of Roxburghe ( 10 January 1736 -- 19 July 1823 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Victor G. Carrillo ( born January 5 , 1965 ) is a Texas geologist and politician who was formerly chairman of the Texas Railroad Commission and county judge of Taylor County , Texas .
Cam Archer ( born 1981 ) is an American independent filmmaker , photographer and sound designer , currently residing in Santa Cruz , California .
Jankoji Rao Scindia Bahadur ( 1745 - 15 January 1761 ) was the Maharaja Scindia of Gwalior ( r. 1755 - 1761 ) .
Frederick Kashimoto ( born 14 June 1957 ) is a Zambian coach and former footballer .
Harold Craven ( 26 April 1895 -- 26 November 1970 ) was a player for Geelong in the VFL between 1915 and 1924 .
Joseph Samuel William Grimaldi ( 21 November 1802 -- 10 December 1832 ) , better known as J. S. Grimaldi or JS Grimaldi , was an English stage actor , comedian and dancer , who frequently played the role of Clown in the harlequinades that accompanied nineteenth - century pantomimes .
Remi Korchemny ( Russian : Реми Корчемный , born 23 . June 1932 , Ukraine ) is the former sprint coach of a number of high - profile athletes , mainly from the US .
Karlo Bručić ( born 17 April 1992 ) is a Croatian left back playing for Prva HNL team Lokomotiva .
Arnoldus Bloemers ( 1792 - -1844 ) was a Dutch painter , who painted flowers , fruit , and animals .
Arthur Frankau ( 1849 - -1904 ) was the son of Bavarian - born Joseph Frankau ( previously Frankenau ) , a Jewish merchant who moved to London from Frankfurt in 1837 .
Augusto Zucchi ( born 9 March 1946 ) is an Italian actor and theatre director .
P. Ramachandran ( 11 July 1921 - -23 May 2001 ) was an Indian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly .
Angelica Moser ( born 9 October 1997 ) is a Swiss athlete whose specialty is pole vaulting .
Xavier Cortada ( born 1964 in Albany , New York ) is an American painter who now resides in Miami , Florida .
Roland Zajmi ( born 6 November 1973 in Tiranë ) is a former Albanian footballer who played the majority of his career in Greece with Proodeftiki , Atromitos , Kassandra , Agios Dimitrios and Pierikos .
Kalliope Amorphous ( born 1978 ) is an American visual artist , poet , fine - art photographer , and performance artist .
Sharon Salzberg ( born 1952 ) is a New York Times Best selling author and teacher of Buddhist meditation practices in the West .
Ernesto Amantegui Phumipha ( Thai : เอร์เนสโต อมันเตกี ภูมิภา ; born 16 April 1990 ) is a footballer who plays for Thai club Bangkok United F.C. as a left back .
Johann von Klenau ( 13 April 1758 -- 6 October 1819 ) , also called Johann Josef Cajetan von Klenau und Janowitz , the son of a Bohemian noble , was a field marshal in the Habsburg army .
Sir Robert Gilmour Colquhoun , KCB ( 1803 - -1870 ) was a British diplomat .
Crowd Lu , ( traditional Chinese : 盧廣仲 ; simplified Chinese : 卢广仲 ; pinyin : Lu Guangzhong ) was born on 15 July 1985 .
Fikri Sağlar ( born 1953 ) is a Turkish social democrat politician .
Lindsay Johnson ( born 8 May 1980 ) is an English former footballer who played for Everton Ladies and the England women 's national football team .
Marsha Boulton ( born c. 1952 ) is a Canadian journalist and humorist , who won the Stephen Leacock Award in 1996 for her book Letters from the Country .
Matthew Butturini ( born August 1987 in Murwillumbah ) is an Australian field hockey player .
Russell Downing ( born 23 August 1978 ) is an English cyclist riding for JLT--
Jerome Conley ( born 1966 , Muncie , Indiana ) is a former Mayor of Oxford , Ohio .
Frederick II , Duke of Holstein - Gottorp ( 21 April 1568 -- 15 June 1587 ) was a Danish - German nobleman .
Yoshihiko Kikuchi ( 義彥菊池 ) ( born 25 July 1941 in Horoizumi , Hokkaidō , Japan ) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) since 1977 , and was the first native Asian to be called as a general authority of the LDS Church .
Horace Tuck ( 1876 - -1951 ) was a prolific Norfolk artist and vice - principal of Norwich School of Art .
Dale Carrico ( born 1965 ) is an American critical theorist and rhetorician .
Georgi Borisov ( Bulgarian : Георги Борисов ) ( born 1974 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who has also worked as manager .
Sergeant First Class Layne Morris ( b. 1962 ) is a retired soldier in an American Special Forces unit .
Jay Scott was the pen name of Jeffrey Scott Beaven ( October 4 , 1949 -- July 30 , 1993 ) , a Canadian film critic .
Eamon McAnaney ( born 1969 ) is a sportscaster who works for ESPN , ESPNU , ESPN Plus , SportsNet New York , and Major League Lacrosse on ESPN3 .
Éric Boyer ( 2 December 1963 ) is a French former professional road bicycle racer .
Anwar Al - Aug ( Arabic : انور العوج ) ( born 5 February 1986 ) is a Yemeni football Goalkeeper who is currently playing for Al - Ittihad Ibb .
Eleanor Louise Ross ( born 1967 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia and former Judge of the DeKalb County State Court .
Antoni Jach ( born 1956 ) is an Australian novelist , painter and playwright .
Mimoza Kusari - Lila ( born 16 October 1975 ) is an Albanian Kosovar politician for the New Kosovo Alliance .
Edgar Chías ( born 1973 ) is a Mexican playwright , actor and theatre critic .
Gregory S. Aldrete ( born 1966 ) is a professor of history and humanistic studies currently teaching at the University of Wisconsin--
Joan Metelerkamp ( born 1956 ) , is a South African poet .
François - Claudius Compte - Calix , a French painter of genre subjects and portraits , was born at Lyons in 1813 .
Frank Kuenstler ( 1928 - -1996 ) was a New York poet and filmmaker .
Edward Livingston Trudeau ( 5 October 1848 -- 15 November 1915 ) was an American physician who established the Adirondack Cottage Sanitarium at Saranac Lake for treatment of tuberculosis .
Richard Despard Estes ( born 1928 ) is a biologist specialising in the behaviour of mammals in mainland Africa .
Adam Bly ( born 1981 in Montreal , Canada ) is the creator of Seed and heads up the data analytics unit at Spotify .
Harald Arnkværn ( born 5 February 1939 ) is a Norwegian barrister and businessperson .
Leon Dai ( Traditional Chinese : 戴立忍 , born 27 July 1966 ) is a Taiwanese actor and film director .
Hartmut Neven ( born 1964 in Aachen , Germany ) is a scientist working in quantum computing , computer vision , robotics and computational neuroscience .
Paolo Cellammare ( born 21 October 1980 ) is an Italian artist , photographer and director , known around the world mostly because of his cosplay photography , in particular for his work with Francesca Dani .
Zoe Naylor ( born 4 July 1977 ) is an Australian actress as well as journalist , MC , keynote speaker , writer , voice - artist and producer .
Mohammad Adnan Akram ( born 17 November 1983 ) is a cricketer who has played for Cambridge University Centre of Cricketing Excellence , the Essex Cricket Board and British Universities .
Arthur Broomhall ( born 1860 ; date of death unknown ) was an English footballer who played for Burslem Port Vale and Stoke .
Li Hualin ( Chinese : 李华林 ; born October 1962 ) is a Chinese oil and gas executive , and former deputy general manager of China National Petroleum Corporation and PetroChina .
John Brimacombe ( born 25 November 1958 ) is a retired footballer from Cornwall who played as a full back .
Darryl Beamish ( born 1941 ) is a Western Australian who was wrongfully convicted of wilful murder in 1961 and sentenced to death by hanging .
Pierre Koffmann ( born 21 August 1948 ) is a French - born professional chef who has worked mainly in the United Kingdom .
Eileen Yeow ( born 4 January 1972 ) , also known as Yiu Ying - ying , is a Hong Kong - based Singaporean actress .
Sonita Alleyne OBE , FRSA ( born 1968 , Bridgetown , Barbados ) is the co - founder and former CEO of Somethin '' Else , one of Britain 's leading cross - platform media production companies .
Pat Higgins ( born 30 March 1974 in Essex , England ) is a film director , writer , producer and owner of independent production company Jinx Media Ltd. Higgins ' first feature from the company , Trash House , was filmed in 2004 and released on DVD in Europe in February 2006 .
Guilherme Capra Bacinello ( born 3 October 1986 in Guimarães ) , commonly known as Cascavel , is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a striker .
António Castanheira Neves ( born 8 November 1929 in Tábua ) is a Portuguese legal philosopher and a professor emeritus at the law faculty of the University of Coimbra .
Nicholas Bubwith ( 1355 - 1424 ) was a Bishop of London , Bishop of Salisbury and Bishop of Bath and Wells as well as Lord Privy Seal and Lord High Treasurer of England .
Robert Spencer , 2nd Earl of Sunderland KG PC ( 5 September 1641 -- 28 September 1702 ) was a beautiful English nobleman of the Spencer family .
Charles Alfred Kellett ( born 25 November 1818 in Plymouth , Devonshire ) was a British Master Mariner famous for having sailed the Chinese junk Keying from China , around the Cape of Good Hope to the United States and England between 1846 and 1848 .
Wesley J. Smith ( born 1949 ) is an American lawyer and author , a Senior Fellow at the Discovery Institute 's Center on Human Exceptionalism .
Vesselin Stoykov ( born 1 November 1973 in Stara Zagora ) is a German opera singer and manager , from Bulgarian origin .
Brian McCotter ( born 1984 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish professional basketball player and currently plays for Newcastle University Knights .
Ross MacLachlan ( b : 1957 ) is an accomplished pianist living in Eastern Ontario near Kingston .
Ľuboš Hanzel ( born 7 May 1987 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a left back for DOXXbet liga club TJ Iskra Borčice .
Randall Svane is an American composer , born in 1955 .
Nasty Suicide ( born Jan -- Markus Stenfors on 27 February 1963 ) is the ex - rhythm , lead guitarist and one of the founding members of Hanoi Rocks between 1979 - -1985 .
Britt Bonneau ( born May 11 , 1971 ) is an American college baseball coach who has been the head coach at Abilene Christian ( ACU ) since the 1997 season .
William Pennoyer was a British puritan merchant born in 1603 .
Stewart Conn ( born 1936 ) is a Scottish poet and playwright , born in Hillhead , Glasgow .
Edward Hilliard ( 3 April 1851 -- 18 September 1936 ) was a Seventh - day Adventist ( SDA ) missionary from America who worked in the South Pacific and then Australia .
Jon Mueller ( born 1970 in Waukesha , Wisconsin , United States ) is an American drummer , percussionist , and composer active in experimental and rock disciplines .
Johann Friedrich Gräfe ( May 7 , 1711-February 5 or 8 , 1787 ) was a civil servant and an amateur composer , whose works are still known today .
Yonaguska , ( 1759 - -1839 ) , who was known as Drowning Bear ( the English meaning of his name ) , was a leader among the Cherokee of the Lower Towns of North Carolina .
Pedro E. Pico ( 27 July 1882 -- 12 November 1945 ) was an Argentine dramatist , lawyer , journalist and screenwriter .
Jenny Colgan ( born 1972 in Prestwick , Ayrshire , Scotland ) is a writer of romantic comedy fiction , sci - fi and has written for the Dr Who line of stories .
Gafil Swami ( born 22 July 1953 , Aligarh ) is an Indian poet of Hindi - language from Aligarh , Uttar Pradesh .
Brian J. McVeigh ( BA , MA , PhD ) ( born 1959 ) is a scholar of Asia who specializes in Japanese pop art , education , politics , and history .
Connor Doran ( born c. 1993 ) is an indoor kite flier , performing to music with four - line kites .
Born in Antwerp in 1981 , Cathy Pill graduated from the fashion school E.N.S.A.V. of La Cambre in Brussels .
Joachim Havikhagen ( born 5 September 1991 ) is a Norwegian Snowboarder who competes for Geilo IL .
Mick Bunnage ( born 21 December 1958 ) is a cartoonist , journalist , and comedy writer and was formerly the bass guitarist of The Deep Freeze Mice .
The eldest son of Georg Ritschel , a Bohemian , by Gertrude , his wife , he was born at Deutsch Kahn in Bohemia on 13 February 1616 .
Salvatore Piscicelli ( born 4 January 1948 ) is an Italian director , screenwriter and film critic .
Brooke Kinsella , MBE ( born 19 July 1983 ) is a British actress , author and anti - knife crime campaigner .
Mohammad Javed Miandad ( Urdu : محمد جاوید میانداد ; born 12 June 1957 ) , popularly known as Javed Miandad ( Urdu : جاوید میانداد ) , is a former Pakistani cricketer who played between 1975 and 1996 .
Cristina Martín Lara ( born 1972 ) is a Spanish photographer who lives and works in Berlin .
Svandís Svavarsdóttir ( born 24 August 1964 ) is a member of parliament of the Althing , the Icelandic parliament .
Anthony T. Millard ( born 13 Nov 1961 ) was a multiple champion trainer in South Africa .
Richard Cartwright Austin ( born 1934 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American writer and environmental theologian .
Geoff Kime ( born 9 January 1958 ) is an English - born Australian darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Thomas Mutsch ( born 2 April 1979 ) is a German racecar driver .
Julien Garnier ( born at Connerré , France , 6 January 1642 ; d. in Quebec , 1730 ) was a French Jesuit missionary to Canada .
Tesfaye Gessesse ( born 1936 ) is regarded as one of the most important exponents of Ethiopian modern theatre .
Eduardo Sebrango ( born 13 April 1973 ) is a retired Cuban footballer who last played for Montreal Impact in Major League Soccer .
Gillum Baley ( 19 June 1813 -- 11 November 1895 ) was an American pioneer and judge .
Rob Cage ( born 2 August 1989 ) is a British professional wrestler , who lives in England and regularly competes on the European circuit .
Anna Maria Friman - Henriksen ( born August 1972 ) is a Swedish singer , known as one of the members of Trio Mediaeval .
Beau Mundine ( born 28 December 1980 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian minor - league rugby league footballer .
Mauri Ryömä ( 30 October 1911 , Helsinki - 28 November 1958 ) was a Finnish physician and politician .
Jens Ingwersen ( 17 August 1871 -- October 10 , 1956 ) was a Danish architect during the transition from neo - classicism to functionalism .
Dušan Slobodník ( 11 April 1927 , Pezinok - 13 December 2001 , Bratislava ) was a Slovak literary theoretician , translator and politician .
Adrian Wu ( Adrian Francis Wu Ming Bong ) born on 9 August 1990 in Burlington , Ontario , is a Canadian fashion designer .
Robert McAlpin Williamson ( 1804 ? -- December 22 , 1859 ) was a Republic of Texas Supreme Court Justice , state lawmaker and Texas Ranger .
Carli Renzi ( born 24 October 1982 ) is an Australian judo competitor and wrestler .
Kate Geraghty ( born 1972 ) is an Australian photojournalist , for The Sydney Morning Herald , and The Age .
Doug Feldmann ( born 1970 ) is an author of ten books , focusing mainly upon baseball history and the sport 's sociological impact on urban and small - town America .
Lotte Munk ( born 8 . October 1969 in Hals - she is a Danish actress . She is trained at the Drama School at Aarhus Theatre in 1995 . She is know from her role in The Killing II .
Vasil Ringov ( Macedonian : Bacил Pингoв , born 17 April 1955 ) is a retired Macedonian football player .
Margherita Fumero ( born 16 October 1947 ) is an Italian actress and comedian .
Malcolm Eden ( born 1 September 1963 , Ilford , Essex , England ) was the vocalist and guitarist in the indie pop group McCarthy between 1985 and 1990 .
John Loike ( born 1950 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is an American research biologist and bioethicist in Columbia University .
Carina Ohlsson ( born 1957 ) , is a Swedish social democratic politician who has been a member of the Riksdag since 1998 .
David McCormack ( born 1968 ) is an Australian musician and singer - songwriter , best - known as frontman of Brisbane - based rock group Custard .
Martin Høgsted ( born in 1982 , Dianalund ) is a Danish stand - up comedian .
Jakub Hlava ( born 29 December 1979 in Jilemnice ) is a Czech former ski jumper and current soldier .
Sir Robert Peel , 1st Baronet ( 25 April 1750 -- 3 May 1830 ) , was a British politician and industrialist and one of early textile manufacturers of the Industrial Revolution .
W. Hamilton Barnum ( 1878 - -1937 ) , of Cleveland , Ohio , was a stamp collector who helped advance philately during the early years of the hobby .
Cal MacAninch ( born 24 November 1963 ) is a Scottish actor , best known for portraying the character of DI John Keenan in police drama HolbyBlue on BBC1 ( from 2007 - -08 ) .
Aleš Berger ( born 18 September 1946 ) is a Slovene writer , translator and literary critic .
Drew Docherty ( born 19 November 1965 ) is a Scottish former boxer who was British champion at both bantamweight ( 1992 - -1997 ) and super bantamweight ( 1999 ) .
Tijana Stajšić ( 1984 in Sombor , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian model .
Patrick Q. Mason ( born 1976 ) is an American historian who is the Howard W. Hunter Chair in Mormon Studies at Claremont Graduate University in Claremont , California .
Ariel Beresniak ( born 3 December 1961 ) is a Swiss specialist in Public Health and Health Economics , author of reference books and scientific articles in modeling and decision - making analyses .
Hero Ibrahim Ahmed ( born 1948 ) is the daughter of Ibrahim Ahmad , the spouse of Jalal Talabani and the mother of Bafil Talabani and Qubad Talabani .
Ana Ivanovic ( Serbian : Ana Ivanović , Ана Ивановић ; Serbian pronunciation : ( âna iʋǎːnoʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 6 November 1987 ) is a Serbian professional tennis player who as of August 10 , 2015 is ranked No . 6 in the world by the Women 's Tennis Association .
In 1996 , he was elected from Kargil district 's Kargil assembly constituency of J & K. Qamar Ali Akhoon was born in a religious family ' Akhoonpa ' in village tSangrah which is about 48 km from Kargil town on 15 August 1957 .
Michael Sandstød ( born 23 June 1968 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish former professional racing cyclist , who achieved success on both the road and track .
Peter Klashorst ( also Peter van de Klashorst ) ( born 11 February 1957 ) is a Dutch painter , sculptor , and photographer .
Tracy - Ann Oberman ( born Tracy Anne Oberman , 25 August 1966 , Brent , Greater London ) is an English television , theatre and radio actress .
Woodville Gray ( born c. 1866 ) was a Scottish footballer .
Gomer Hughes ( 13 May 1910 -- 14 November 1974 ( aged 64 ) ) was a Welsh dual - code international rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and ' 40s , playing representative level rugby union ( RU ) for Wales , and Wales XV .
Alexander Gough ( fl . 1626 -- 1655 ) , also Goughe or Goffe , was an English actor in the Caroline era .
IBM SPSS Modeler is a data mining and text analytics software application built by IBM .
Mega Man Battle Network 4 , known as Rockman EXE 4 ( ロックマンエグゼ4 Rokkuman Eguze Fō ) in Japan , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) handheld game console .
The Paneless Window Washer is a 1937 Popeye theatrical cartoon short directed by Dave Fleischer .
Les Mauvaises fréquentations ( En . Bad Company ) is a 1963 short drama film written and directed by Jean Eustache .
After attending private schools in the United States , Canada , and England , Pierre de Beaumont earned a bachelor 's degree in engineering from Harvard University in 1938 .
Edward Balston ( 26 November 1817 -- 29 November 1891 ) was an English schoolmaster , Church of England cleric , head master of Eton College from 1862 to 1868 and later Rector of Hitcham , Buckinghamshire , Vicar of Bakewell , Derbyshire , and Archdeacon of Derby .
Atul Kasbekar studied at Campion School , Mumbai , and Jai Hind College ( University of Mumbai ) , then he joined UDCT ( now Institute of Chemical Technology ) , Mumbai for chemical engineering but he dropped out of the course after first year .
Conyers Herring completed his Ph . D in Physics from Princeton University in 1937 , submitting a dissertation entitled On Energy Coincidences in the Theory of Brillouin Zones under the direction of Eugene Wigner .
Ulrich Hommel earned a Ph.D. in Economics from The University of Michigan ( Ann Arbor ) in 1994 and successfully completed his Habilitation in Business Administration at the WHU - Otto Beisheim School of Management in 2002 .
Born Henry David Boileau Down to a family with French and Scottish ancestry and proud military traditions , Henry Danton attended Crowthorne Towers preparatory school as a child , and later Wellington College and the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich , as a King 's Cadet .
Allan Macy Butler ( 1894 - -1986 ) was Chief of the Children 's Medical Services at Massachusetts General Hospital and a professor of Pediatrics at Harvard Medical School .
Denise Ilitch is a Detroit - area businessperson , lawyer , and member of the Board of Regents of the University of Michigan .
While studying politics and international relations at the University of New South Wales , Miriam Lyons co - founded Nexus , a non - partisan network designed to connect young people with the democratic process .
Larry Klayman graduated with honors from Duke University and received his B.A. in Political Science and French Literature .
Oliver Miles was educated at Ampleforth College and Merton College , Oxford , where he read Classical Mods and Oriental Studies ( Arabic and Turkish ) .
Samuel Escue Tillman ( October 3 , 1847 -- June 24 , 1942 ) was an astronomer , engineer , military educator , and career officer in the United States Army who spent 30 years teaching at the United States Military Academy at West Point , New York .
Later both moved to the Houghton School ( which replaced the Riverside).8 Between 1904 and 1908 Edith Lesley attended Radcliffe College as a special student , studying philosophy with Josiah Royce , Hugo Munsterberg , and George Herbert Palmer.9 She may have taken these classes to prepare to open her school .
David Andrich completed his PhD at the University of Chicago 's MESA program in the School of Education in 1973 .
Kristen Rudisill completed her B.A. in Religion at Bryn Mawr College in 1997 .
Dennis Matthies ( born April 12 , 1946 ) received a B.S. in physics from MIT in 1968 and an M.A. in Philosophy and Humanities in 1981 from Stanford University , where he taught until 1997 .
Bela Hubbard , second son of Phebe and Thomas Hill Hubbard was born in Hamilton , N. Y. He graduated at Hamilton College in 1834 , and in the spring of 1835 moved to Detroit , Michigan to help manage the family 's farm and land agency .
Iain Glen was born in Edinburgh , Scotland , and educated at the Edinburgh Academy , an independent school for boys ( now co - educational ) , followed by the University of Aberdeen .
Edward Barton Shuldham ( 1837 - -1924 ) MRCS MA Oxon was a British physician who graduated from Trinity College , Dublin , and who eventually converted to homeopathy .
He studied composition in Baltimore and arranged for the U.S. Air Force Band while serving in World War II . Bill Pursell studied classical composition under Howard Hanson at the Eastman School of Music and earned a master 's in composition in the mid - fifties .
Educated at the University of London , Harry Stratford founded Shire Pharmaceutical in 1986 and remained its Chief Executive until 1994 .
Born the son of Lieutenant - General John Michel and Anne Michel ( née Fane ) , Michel was educated at Eton College and commissioned into the 57th Regiment of Foot on 3 April 1823 .
Brandon Beach has an undergraduate degree from Louisiana State University ( LSU ) and a Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) from Centenary College .
Born in Boston , Massachusetts , United States , Harriet Boyd Hawes attended the Prospect Hill School in Greenfield and then graduated from Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts in 1892 with a degree in Classics .
In 1955 , Leonid Kuravlyov was accepted to the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography and began studying the art of acting .
Edward Wichers graduated from Hope College in 1913 and from 1948 to 1958 Wichers headed the Chemistry Division at the National Bureau of Standards .
Nikola Vuljanić was born in Karlovac and graduated at the University of Zagreb with an MA in philology .
William Lofland Dudley ( April 16 , 1859 -- September 8 , 1914 ) was an American chemistry professor at the University of Cincinnati and Vanderbilt University .
William de St Croix was educated at Eton and St John 's College , Cambridge , graduating in 1843 .
Augustus Burke Shepherd ( 1841 - -1887 ) graduated from Brasenose College , Oxford with a B. Med . in 1865 .
Anita Willets - Burnham was an American Impressionist artist , teacher at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , author , and lecturer .
After leaving the Army , Arnald Gabriel enrolled in Ithaca College in 1946 .
The son of a Swedish immigrant , William Albert Allard studied at the Minneapolis School of Fine Arts and the University of Minnesota with the hope of becoming a writer .
Jacinthe Jacqueline Meulman ( born 7 July 1954 ) is a Dutch psychologist and Professor of Applied Data theory at the Leiden University .
James Edwards Sewell ( 1810 -- 29 January 1903 ) was an English academic , Warden of New College , Oxford from 1860 .
Jonathan Darlington was educated at The King 's School , Worcester and is a graduate of Durham University and the Royal Academy of Music .
From 1906 - 1909 Elias Goldberg studied with George Bridgman at the Art Students League of New York .
Doug Smail starred at the University of North Dakota for three seasons from 1977 to 1980 , scoring 87 points in 40 games in his final season in the WCHA .
Jacques de Champlain was a graduate of the Université de Montréal and McGill University and a pioneer in research on the nervous system .
From this background and heir to a baronetcy , George MacLeod was educated at Winchester College and Oriel College , Oxford .
Ben Graf Henneke ( May 20 , 1914 -- November 13 , 2009 ) was the president of the University of Tulsa ( `` TU '' ) , in Tulsa , Oklahoma , United States , from 1958 to 1967 .
Algimantas Valantinas graduated from Vilnius University with a degree in law in 1985 .
She studied art history and computer science at Brown University and received master 's degrees in architecture from Harvard University and in media arts and sciences from M.I.T. In 1996 , Lisa Strausfeld and two MIT classmates launched Perspecta , a software company in San Francisco that made visual user - interfaces for large databases .
Jon Bing ( 30 April 1944 -- 14 January 2014 ) was a Norwegian writer and law professor at the Norwegian Research Center for Computers and Law ( NRCCL ) , and the Faculty of Law at the University of Oslo .
John Gofman graduated from Oberlin College with a bachelor 's in chemistry in 1939 , and received a doctorate in nuclear and physical chemistry from Berkeley in 1943 , where he worked as a graduate student under Glenn T. Seaborg , the discoverer of plutonium and later a chairman of the US Atomic Energy Commission .
John Greaney was born in Westfield , Massachusetts on April 8 , 1939 and graduated from St Mary 's High School and from the College of the Holy Cross and New York University School of Law .
Joy Tivy was born in Carlow , Ireland in 1924 and she commenced studies at the University College Dublin in 1942 where she studied geography as her primary subject with botany and geology as her secondary areas .
Stephen Schiff grew up in Littleton , Colorado He graduated from Wesleyan University .
As a student leader at George Washington University in the 1970s , Mowahid Shah was Editor of the `` Harbinger '' , a student publication .
Edward Yau was graduated from the University of Hong Kong , and received further education at Oxford University and Harvard University .
Nilda Pedrosa is a policy advocate and the former Assistant Dean for Development & External Affairs at Florida International University College of Law .
Francis M. Ssekandi ( born 29 September 1940 in Mbarara , Uganda ) , is a Professor of Law at the Columbia Law School and , since 1 July 2007 , a Judge of the World Bank Administrative Tribunal .
Sharon Ott received her BA from Bennington College in 1972 with a triple major in theater , anthropology , and music .
Bingxin graduated from Yanjing University in 1923 with a bachelor 's degree , and went to the United States to study at Wellesley College , earning a master 's degree at Wellesley in literature in 1926 .
James Stedman Dixon ( 8 January 1845 - 18 July 1911 ) was a leading Scottish coal - mine owner , President of the Mining Institute of Scotland and of the Institution of Mining Engineers of Great Britain , and founder of the James S. Dixon Chair of Applied Geology in the University of Glasgow .
Craig Titley graduated from Mattoon High School , Eastern Illinois University , and University of Southern California with a master 's degree .
Nick Haramis was born in Cornwall , Ontario in 1983 and graduated from McGill University with a degree in English Literature .
Hannington Sengendo also holds a Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) , degree from Makerere University and the degree of Master of Arts in Human Geography ( MA ) , obtained in 1987 , from the University of Leeds .
Curly Hammond was born on 3 October 1879 in Pontefract and educated at Bedford School .
David Cooksey gained a degree in metallurgy at St Edmund Hall , University of Oxford ( Hon Fellow 1995 ) .
Upon graduating from the Chinese Language & Literature Faculty of the Hong Kong Baptist University , Alfred Cheung earned a diploma in film production from the Chinese University of Hong Kong ( Extramural studies ) .
Deb Sokolow graduated from the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign in 1996 , and received her MFA from the Art Institute of Chicago in 2004 .
Jean Dalibard ( born 8 December 1958 ) is a French physicist , Professor at the École Polytechnique , member of the French Academy of Sciences and a researcher at the École Normale Supérieure .
Amar Latif gained a BSc in Mathematics , Statistics and Finance at the University of Strathclyde , spending part of his course in Canada at Queen 's University in Kingston , Ontario .
After his father 's death in 1720 , Johan Ihre was raised in the house of his grandfather Archbishop Mattias Stechius in Uppsala , and studied at Uppsala University , where he completed his magister degree in 1730 .
Janet Grillo is an Emmy Award Winning Producer , award winning , critically acclaimed filmmaker , former Senior VP of Production / East Coast at New Line Cinema , and a Professor at NYU Tisch School of the Arts `` Kanbar Institute of Film and Television `` .
Arjun Appadurai , was born in 1949 and raised in Bombay , India , and went to the United States where he obtained a Ph.D. at the University of Chicago .
Thomas Mifflin graduated from the College of Philadelphia ( now the University of Pennsylvania ) in 1760 , and joined the mercantile business of William Biddle .
Manindra Agrawal ( born 20 May 1966 ) is a professor at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering and the Dean of Faculty Affairs ( DoFA ) at the Indian Institute of Technology , Kanpur .
Rosie Stancer attended Butterstone House School in Scotland , Heathfield School , Ascot .
Nina Waisman graduated from Art Center College of Design with a BFA in Fine Arts and went on to receive a Bachelor of Arts in Visual and Environmental Studies at Harvard University .
Ralph Abraham earned his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1960 , and held positions at UC Santa Cruz , Berkeley , Columbia , and Princeton .
Charles Dallara holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of South Carolina , Columbia , and two M.A. degrees and a Ph.D. from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy , Tufts University .
Juan Manuel Oliva , a journalist who studied at the Escuela de Periodismo Carlos Septién García , initiated his professional career as a reporter for several newspapers of the region of the Bajío and other parts of the country .
Ben Pakulski graduated with honors from the University of Western Ontario with a B.S. in Kinesiology .
1965 David Nalin graduates from Albany Medical College .
Jeff Gurtman has worked exclusively in the hospitality business since graduating from Cornell University School of Hotel Administration .
Kevin D. Stocks is an accounting professor in the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University .
Victor Saul Navasky ( born July 5 , 1932 ) is an American journalist , editor , publisher , author and George T. Delacorte Professor of Professional Practice in Magazine Journalism at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism .
Born on 16 June 1923 and educated at Bedford School and at Christ 's College , Cambridge , where he completed his doctorate and post - doctoral research , Geoffrey Matthews was Director of Research and Conservation , 1955 - 1988 , and Deputy Director , 1973 - 1988 , at the Wildfowl & Wetlands Trust , Slimbridge .
Tony Greenfield worked in an iron mine when he left Bedford School at the age of 17 .
Ann Bannon retired from teaching and college administration at California State University , Sacramento , in 1997 , but tours the country visiting paperback - collecting conventions and speaking at colleges and universities about her writings and experiences .
Dwight Macdonald was born in New York City , and was educated at Phillips Exeter Academy and at Yale University .
Azriel Lévy ( Hebrew : עזריאל לוי ; born c. 1934 ) is an Israeli mathematician , logician , and a professor emeritus at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
The Lalith Athulathmudali Auditorium at the Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology and the Lalith Athulathmudali Memorial Prize which is one of the prestigious prizes awarded annually at Royal College , Colombo ( his alma mater ) ( awarded for the Most Outstanding Royalist ( Student of Royal College ) of the Year ) are named in his honour .
Stephen Trask , born Stephen R. Schwartz ( born August 29 , 1967 ) is an American musician and composer who graduated from Wesleyan University .
Kate Novak grew up in Pittsburgh , where she graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a BS in Chemistry .
David Sillence , AM is the foundation chair ( Professor ) of Medical Genetics in the University of Sydney .
Kathleen O'Connor Ives graduated from Mount Holyoke College , magna cum laude , in 1999 with her Bachelor of Arts in Environmental Politics and International Relations .
Richard Joel received his BA and JD from New York University , where he was a Root - Tilden law scholar , and has received honorary doctorates from Boston Hebrew College and Gratz College .
Nicky Oppenheimer was educated at Harrow School and Christ Church , Oxford , where he read Philosophy , Politics and Economics and took the Oxford MA .
Harry Holiday , Jr. ( ca . 1924 -- February 1999 ) was a world record holder in the backstroke at the University of Michigan in the 1940s and the president of steelmaker American Rolling Mill Co. ( Armco ) from 1974 - 1986 .
Krista Kilvet graduated from the University of Tartu with a major in English .
After completing high school at Tarsus American College in Mersin , Turkey in 1971 , Muhtar Kent went to the United Kingdom to study at the University of Hull .
Eric Markusen ( 8 October 1946 -- 29 January 2007 ) ( M.S.W. , University of Washington , Ph.D. , University of Minnesota ) was Professor of Sociology and Social Work at Southwest Minnesota State University in Marshall , Minnesota , USA , and Research Director of the Danish Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies in Copenhagen .
Harmon White Caldwell ( January 29 , 1899 -- April 15 , 1977 ) was President of the University of Georgia ( UGA ) in Athens from 1935 until 1948 and Chancellor of the University System of Georgia from 1948 to 1964 Caldwell was born in the Carmel Community of Meriwether County , Georgia , in 1899 .
Michael Alcorn studied at the University of Ulster and completed a PhD in composition with John Casken at the University of Durham .
Edgar Dewitt Jones ( 1876 - -1956 ) was an American clergyman , ecumenist , and author , born December 5 , 1876 at Hearne , Tex . , and educated at Transylvania University where he was a member of the Alpha - Omicron Chapter of Kappa Sigma Fraternity , University of Missouri and Illinois Wesleyan University .
Veni Markovski is a graduate of the Sofia University `` St. Kliment Ohridski '' with Masters of Science degree in Law ( 1997 ) .
Adolph Matz ( April 25 , 1905 - Oct. 1 , 1986 ) was a German / American organizational theorist , and Professor of Accounting at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania , known for his work on cost accounting .
Since graduating from San Francisco State University and studying at American Conservatory of Theater , Kamshad Kooshan has written and directed three short films , with the last one , The Last Illusion touring such venues as American Film Institute and UCLA Film & Television Archive .
Sherri Mandell was born in New York and graduated from Cornell University in 1977 .
Samir Palnitkar got a degree in electrical engineering from Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur in 1990 .
Ciarán Farrell ( born 1969 , Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish composer who has been active in his field since graduating from Trinity College Dublin in 1997 .
Dr. Eugene Chien , born in Taiwan in 1946 , received his Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering at National Taiwan University and Ph.D. in aeronautics and astronautics at New York University .
Carol Patrice Christ ( born 1945 ) is a teacher and author and holds a PhD from Yale University .
David Passig ( born 1957 ) is an Israeli futurist who received his Ph.D. in Anticipatory Anthropology from the University of Minnesota .
Pat Mullins received his BA from Columbia University , where he served as sports editor of the college daily newspaper , the Spectator , and a JD from George Washington University .
Robben Wright Fleming ( December 18 , 1916 -- January 11 , 2010 ) was the Chancellor of the University of Wisconsin - Madison from 1964 to 1967 , and the President of the University of Michigan from 1968 to 1978 .
He received his MBA from Columbia Business School in 1987 , where , in October 2010 , the Paul Calello Professorship of Leadership and Ethics was endowed in his honor by former colleagues .
Eric Ramsey was a defensive back for Auburn University 's football team in the early 1990s who used a tape recorder to secretly record conversations between his football coaches and Booster `` Corky '' Frost regarding an illicit player payment scheme .
Milan Raspopović received his doctoral titles in Physics and in Philosophy from University of Belgrade .
David M. Raup ( April 24 , 1933 -- July 9 , 2015 ) was a University of Chicago paleontologist .
Chen Tanqiu graduated from Wuhan Higher Normal School ( present day Wuhan University ) after which he played a leadership role in the May Fourth Movement in 1919 .
Adnan Hasković studied acting in Academy of Performing Arts in Sarajevo from 2003 .
Edward Craven Hawtrey ( 7 May 1789 -- 27 January 1862 ) was an English educationalist , headmaster and later provost of Eton College .
John Facenda attended Roman Catholic High School in Center City , Philadelphia and then later Villanova University but dropped out .
Simhavishnu ( Tamil : சிம்மவிஷ்ணு ) , also known as Avanisimha ( Tamil : அவனிசிம்மன் ) , son of Simhavarman III and one of the Pallava kings of India , was responsible for the revival of the Pallavan dynasty .
William I of Geneva ( c. 1132 -- 25 July 1195 ) was Count of Geneva from 1178 to 1195 , in succession to his father , Count Amadeus I of Geneva .
Síl nÁedo Sláine ( ˈsʲiːlʲ ˈnaiðo ˈslaːnʲe ) is the name of the descendants of Áed Sláine ( Áed mac Diarmato ) , son of Diarmait mac Cerbaill .
Islands of Refreshment was the name given to Tristan da Cunha by its self - proclaimed ruler , Jonathan Lambert , in 1811 .
Ethel Cuff Black , ( 1890-September 17 , 1977 ) one of the founders of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority , Incorporated , was born in Wilmington , Delaware .
Oneida Limited 's founder , John Humphrey Noyes , was the founder of the religious movement known as Perfectionism .
The major shareholders of Novatek are Leonid Michelson , the CEO , with around 28 % of the shares , Volga Group with 23 % of shares , Total SA with 16 % and Gazprom with 9.4 % .
Agenus ( formerly Antigenics Inc. ) was founded in 1994 by Garo H. Armen and Pramod K. Srivastava .
Evangelism Explosion was started in 1962 by D. James Kennedy , senior pastor of Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church .
Barnardo 's is a British charity founded by Thomas John Barnardo in 1866 , to care for vulnerable children and young people .
Stratton Oakmont , Inc. was a Long Island , New York , `` over - the - counter '' brokerage house founded by Jordan Belfort .
Following a paid trip and employment offer from Valve Corporation in early September 2010 , Markus Persson founded Mojang alongside his best friend Jakob Porsér , with Carl Manneh later brought in as a CEO , as Persson desired to run a self - made independent studio for the continued development of Minecraft .
The Philharmonischer Chor München ( Munich Philharmonic Choir ) , is a choir founded in 1895 by Franz Kaim in the German city of Munich .
The MendelssohnKammerChor Berlin ( English : MendelssohnChamberChoir Berlin ) was founded in September 2006 by Volkher Häusler .
The Royal Australian Historical Society is a voluntary organisation founded in Sydney , Australia in 1901 with Andrew Houison as founding president .
Excelan was a computer networking company founded in 1982 by Kanwal Rekhi , Inder Singh and Navindra Jain .
Stearns Steam Carriage Company ( 1901 - -1904 ) was a manufacturer of steam automobiles in Syracuse , New York , founded by Edward C. Stearns , an industrialist .
Timely Comics , initially Timely Publications , was the earliest comic book arm of American publisher Martin Goodman , and the entity that would evolve by the 1960s to become Marvel Comics .
Critical Commons was established in 2008 by Steve F. Anderson and is an ongoing project of the Media Arts and Practice division of the USC School of Cinematic Arts .
The Dollywood Foundation is the organizational body that oversees Dolly Parton 's Imagination Library , a free children 's book distribution program started by Dolly Parton in 1996 .
Men Against Rape and Discrimination or MARD / M.A.R.D is a 2013 social campaign launched by Bollywood film director and actor Farhan Akhtar .
Docomomo International was founded in Eindhoven in 1988 by Dutch architects Hubert - Jan Henket and Wessel de Jonge .
Since the capture of its leader Abimael Guzmán in 1992 , the Shining Path has declined in activity .
It was founded in 1985 by Warren Mosler as Consulier Industries , and manufactured the now - defunct Consulier GTP , which was later rebranded and updated as the Mosler Intruder / Raptor when the company spun off its automotive division as Mosler Automotive .
Founded by attorney Steven M. Wise , the Nonhuman Rights Project began in 2007 as a project of the Center for the Expansion of Fundamental Rights .
The Hellenic Conservatory ( Greek : Ελληνικό Ωδείο ) was founded in Athens in 1919 by the composer Manolis Kalomiris .
The Centre for Economic Policy Research ( CEPR ) , a registered European charity founded in 1983 by Richard Portes , FBA , CBE , is a network of over 900 researchers based mainly in universities throughout Europe , who collaborate through the centre in research and its dissemination .
Governor Frederick Low favored the establishment of a state university based upon the University of Michigan plan , and thus in one sense may be regarded as the founder of the University of California .
Brothers Richard Garriott and Robert Garriott , their father Owen , and Chuck Bueche founded Origin Systems in 1983 because of the trouble they had collecting money owed to Richard Garriott for his games released by other companies .
Riksteatern ( or `` the Riksteater '' ) was established in 1933 by Arthur Engberg .
The SENS Research Foundation ( Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence Research Foundation ) is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization co - founded by Michael Kope , Aubrey de Grey , Jeff Hall , Sarah Marr and Kevin Perrott , which is based in Mountain View , California , United States .
Scott Free Productions is a British film and television production company founded by filmmakers and brothers Ridley Scott and Tony Scott .
Young God Records is an independent record label formed by Michael Gira in 1990 that specializes in experimental , avant - garde and often non genre - specific releases .
G2000 ( Generation 2000 ; Chinese : 縱橫二千 ; pinyin : zòng héng èr qiān ) Group was founded by Michael Tien in 1980 in Hong Kong .
In 1936 , Consumers Union was founded by Arthur Kallet , Colston Warne , and others who felt that the established Consumers ' Research organization was not aggressive enough .
Sino Land Company Limited ( SEHK : 83 , OTC Pink : SNLAY ) is major developer and property companies in Hong Kong , a member of Sino Group owned by Singaporean Ng Teng Fong family .
International Dance Day was introduced in 1982 by the International Dance Council ( CID , Conseil International de la Danse ) , a UNESCO partner NGO , and is celebrated yearly , on April 29 .
McFarlane Toys , a subsidiary of Todd McFarlane Productions , Inc. , is a company started by Todd McFarlane that makes highly detailed models of characters from movies , comics , popular music , video games and sporting genres .
Ryman Hospitality Properties , Inc. ( NYSE : RHP ) is a hotel , resort , entertainment , and media company that was accumulated by Edward Gaylord .
Five & Two Pictures is an independent Christian film production company founded in 2002 by Dave Christiano and Rich Christiano .
Cellcom Communications or Cellcom is a telecommunications company based in Montreal , Quebec and the largest franchisee of Bell Canada & Bell Mobility in North America with 24 stores across Ontario and Greater Montreal Area .
Cantiere della Foce ( Shipyard of the Mouth ) was an Italian shipyard founded around 1800 in the village of Foce ( later absorbed by Genoa ) at the mouth of the Bisagno River .
American Signature , Inc. is a privately owned furniture company based in Columbus , Ohio .
Geldards Coaches was a privately owned company bus company operating services around Leeds , West Yorkshire .
The Limelight Department was one of the world 's first film studios , beginning in 1898 , operated by The Salvation Army in Melbourne , Australia .
Based in Toronto , Ontario CIBC Mellon offers asset servicing to corporate and institutional clients .
SEEUTechPark is a technology park located on South East European University campus in Tetovo , Macedonia .
In 2007 , Manufactum had 400 employees and annual sales of 75 million EUR . Stores are currently located in Hamburg , Berlin , Waltrop , Düsseldorf , Cologne , Bonn , Frankfurt , Stuttgart , and Munich .
Marin Software is headquartered in San Francisco , with offices worldwide .
Azienda Agricola Case Basse di Gianfranco Soldera , commonly referred to as Case Basse or Soldera , is an Italian wine producer located in Montalcino , Tuscany , producing highly priced wine declared under DOCG Brunello di Montalcino .
OJSC Aviakor ( Russian : Авиако́р ) is an aviation plant located in Samara .
NetZero is an Internet service provider based in Woodland Hills , Los Angeles , California .
In June 2014 , Apprenda moved from Clifton Park to Troy , New York , in part to be closer to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
Legatum Limited , also known as Legatum , is a private investment firm headquartered in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Osiris Therapeutics , Inc. , based in Columbia , Maryland , is the world leader in researching , developing and marketing regenerative medicine products that improve health and lives of patients and lower overall healthcare costs .
Sacred Microdistillery is a microdistillery located in Highgate , London .
Morgan , Grenfell & Co. was a leading London - based investment bank regarded as one of the oldest and once most influential British merchant banks .
Subsequently , Florian Gschwandtner , Christian Kaar , René Giretzlehner , and Alfred Luger founded the company , Runtastic , in October 2009 in Pasching , Austria .
Visotek Inc. is an American company , located in Livonia , Michigan , that designs , develops and manufactures individual fiber coupled diode laser modules , complete turnkey systems and peripheral components used in industrial , military , medical and research applications .
James B. Nutter & Company is a privately owned mortgage banking firm headquartered in Kansas City , Mo.
Anbessa City Bus Service Enterprise or Anbessa is a state - owned public transport operator headquartered in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Officine Meccaniche Reggiane SpA was an Italian aircraft manufacturer , owned by Caproni ( Count Giovanni Battista Caproni ) and situated in Reggio Emilia , a city of what today is the Emilia - Romagna region .
The International Baccalaureate ( IB ) , formerly known as The International Baccalaureate Organization ( IBO ) , is an international educational foundation headquartered in Geneva , Switzerland , founded in 1968 .
World First 's story began in 2004 when two friends , Jonathan Quin and Nick Robinson , set up in a basement flat in Stockwell , South London , armed with the experience of 10 years in corporate banking and what Jonathan now calls `` an entrepreneurial naivety '' .
Creation of Spot Image in Toulouse , France 1983 :
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited ( Hindi : हिंदुस्तान एरोनॉटिक्स लिमिटेड ; IAST : Hindustān eronawṭiks limiṭeḍ ) ( HAL ; हि ए लि ) is an Indian state - owned aerospace and defence company based in Bangalore , Karnataka .
Moreover , these divisions , which included accusations of Trotskyism ( and even Fascism ) by the Communists , resulted in actual fighting between their supporters ; most notably , in 1937 , a primarily - Communist coalition of government forces attacked the POUM during the Barcelona May Days .
Hochschild Kohn 's , also known as Hochschild - Kohn or simply Hochschild 's , was a 20th - century American department store chain based in Baltimore , Maryland .
Harbinger Capital Partners is a private hedge fund based in New York City , New York , founded by Philip Falcone .
The Dutch Rhenish Railway Company Limited was founded in Amsterdam on 3 July 1845 to take over the State - run Rhenish Railway , which was losing money .
As a show of modernization , Avex Group moved to Izumi Garden Tower in Roppongi in October 2014 .
Ricacorp Properties Limited is one of the largest real estate brokerage companies in Hong Kong .
Oblong Industries is a computer user - interface company based in Los Angeles , CA which develops conference room telecollaboration systems which respond to gestural input .
The Siemens Transportation Group is a Canadian transportation business , headquartered in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , that provides transportation .
Heroes Comics is a comic book retail store operating in London , Ontario , Canada .
Kombassan is a Turkish group of companies with subsidiaries in a range of sectors , based in the city of Konya .
MetaComCo ( MCC ) was a computer systems software company started in 1981 and based in Bristol , England by Peter Mackeonis and Derek Budge .
SCHOTT AG Site Mitterteich ( former SCHOTT - Rohrglas GmbH ) in Mitterteich is one of the leading manufacturers of glass tubing and with approx . 1000 employees , it is one of the largest employers in the Tirschenreuth district as well as in the whole Northern Upper Palatine .
JKX Oil & Gas plc ( LSE : JKX ) is a British - based hydrocarbon exploration and production company , listed on the London Stock Exchange .
Liberty Shoes Limited ( LSL ) is an Indian shoe company , based in Karnal , Haryana .
RateItAll was founded in San Francisco in 1999 by software entrepreneur Lawrence Coburn and one other creator with the following business idea .
M7 Aerospace LP is an aerospace company with its headquarters on the property of San Antonio International Airport in Uptown San Antonio , Texas , United States .
Eli Lilly and Company is an American global pharmaceutical company with headquarters located in Indianapolis , Indiana , in the United States .
The Anglo Arab Alliance ( or AAA ) is a UK limited company with offices in London , England and Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .
Jaipan Industries Limited is Indian home appliances company based in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Brooks England is a bicycle saddle manufacturer in Smethwick , West Midlands , England .
InternetQ is a publicly traded company listed on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange , under the symbol INTQ .
Empresas Polar is a Venezuelan corporation , that started as a brewery founded in 1941 by Lorenzo Alejandro Mendoza Fleury , Rafael Lujan and Karl Eggers in Antímano `` La Planta de Antimano '' , Caracas .
PureTech is a cross - disciplinary healthcare technology R&D company located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Knotice is a direct digital marketing services and software company headquartered in Akron , Ohio ,
Drögmöller ( Drögmöller - Karosserien GmbH & Co. KG ) was a motor coach manufacturer based in Heilbronn , Germany , known for the production of touring coaches , operating between 1920 and 2005 .
Gufram is an Italian seat and furniture manufacturer based in Barolo ( Piedmont area ) known for the influence it had in the field of industrial design and for helping to revolutionize the look of the furniture from the ' 60s .
The Leading Edge Forum ( LEF ) is an information technology research and advisory services firm based in London , England , with offices across Europe , North America and Asia .
A / S Trikken ( lit : The Tram ) was a Norwegian company that operated the Drammen trolleybus between May 1 , 1916 and July 1 , 1947 .
Christie 's has its main headquarters in London on King Street and Rockefeller Plaza in New York .
Glénat Editions SA is a French publisher with its head office in Grenoble .
Azienda Mobilità e Trasporti Autobus Bari ( AMTAB ) ( Mobility and Bus Transport Company Bari ) is a public company , responsible for public transportation in Bari city in Italy .
Victoria - Jungfrau Collection AG is a Swiss hotel chain founded in Interlaken , Switzerland , in 1865 .
Grupo Aeroportuario Centro Norte , S.A.B. de C.V. , known as OMA , is a Mexican airport operator headquartered in San Pedro , near Monterrey , Mexico .
The Oceanic Preservation Society is a Colorado - based 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization that promotes marine conservation and environmentalism and addresses issues such as animal rights and censorship .
Linde Hydraulics has 4 production plants in Germany ( 2x Aschaffenburg , Kahl and Ballenstedt ) and a 5th factory in Weifang , China . The company has subsidiaries in Europe , USA , South America and China as well as a global network of sales and service partners .
Transportation Alternatives ( T.A. ) is a non - profit organization in New York City which seeks to change New York City 's transportation priorities to encourage and increase non - polluting , quiet , city - friendly travel and decrease private car use .
WeirFoulds LLP is a Canadian law firm based in Toronto .
Timbuk2 is a San Francisco based messenger bag company that was established in San Francisco in 1989 by former bike messenger Rob Honeycutt .
Turan Information Agency ( Azerbaijani : Turan İnformasiya Agentliyi ) is a news agency based in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Goose Island Brewery is a brewery located in Chicago , Illinois , that began as a single brewpub opened by John Hall in May 1988 in Lincoln Park , Chicago , Illinois , and named after a nearby island .
Kanbay International , Inc. was a Chicago - based global information technology ( IT ) services firm with about 6900 associates worldwide .
It is operated by Artnet Worldwide Corporation , which has headquarters in New York , in the United States , and is owned by Artnet AG , a German public company based in Berlin and listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange .
InPhase Technologies is a technology company developing holographic storage devices and media , based in Longmont , Colorado .
Seabrook and Fildes was a Melbourne architecture practice that played a significant role in the introduction of modernist architecture to Victoria in the 1930s .
Warners Solicitors , the trading name of Warners Law LLP , is a specialist law firm based in Kent , with offices in Tonbridge and Sevenoaks .
CardIt is a California limited liability corporation with headquarters in San Francisco .
CMS Computers is a manufacturer of desktop , laptop and tablet computers based in Warrington , UK .
Bank of China Insurance Company is the insurance subsidiary of the commercial Bank of China and is headquartered in Beijing .
Columbia River Knife & Tool , Inc. ( CRKT ) is an American knife company established in 1994 , and currently based in Tualatin , Oregon , United States .
With headquarters in Coimbra , Bascol has also offices in Porto and Lisboa .
Harte Hanks is an American marketing services company headquartered in Uptown San Antonio , Texas .
FreshMinistries is an interfaith , non - profit organization based in Jacksonville , Florida whose goal is to eradicate poverty , improve race relations and build stronger communities .
Mirasoft is a Ukrainian provider of software outsourcing services with delivery centers in Kiev and Vinnytsia ( Ukraine ) .
Lesta Studio is a game developer based in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Acro Sport Inc is an aircraft manufacturer based in Hales Corners , Wisconsin that markets plans for homebuilt aircraft .
Carrier Air Wing Seven ( CVW-7 ) is a United States Navy aircraft carrier air wing based at Naval Air Station Oceana , Virginia .
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky , Inc. ( TMMK ) is an automobile manufacturing factory in Georgetown , Kentucky , USA .
Classic Car Club ( London ) is a carsharing scheme operated by London Classic Autos Ltd. Established in 1995 , the first carsharing club of its kind in the UK with over 50 vehicles based at the club 's Hoxton headquarters .
Richard Gray 's Power Company was founded in 1998 by New Orleans based audiophiles Dick McCarthy and Richard Gray .
The Batumi Shota Rustaveli State University ( Georgian : ბათუმის შოთა რუსთაველის სახელობის სახელმწიფო უნივერსიტეტი ) is the higher educational university in Batumi , capital of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara .
The Centre for Applied Genomics is a genome centre in the Research Institute of The Hospital for Sick Children , and is affiliated with the University of Toronto .
It is owned by the Kraków - based Grupa Onet.pl S.A. It was founded in 1996 by Optimus company .
The Doctors Company is a medical malpractice insurance company headquartered in Napa , California , USA .
Artisan Records is a British record label owned by the Indie rock band fin--(band ) based in Wandsworth , South West London .
Companies of the Interpipe Group are mostly situated in the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast of Ukraine .
OpenBet is a sportsbook and gaming software company based in Chiswick , London in the United Kingdom , with offices in Sydney , Australia and Montreal , Canada .
Gladding , McBean is a ceramics company located in Lincoln , California .
Transfesa ( Transportes Ferroviarios Especiales SA ) is a transport company based in Madrid , Spain .
Elite Care , based in Portland , Oregon , is an elderly care company that operates assisted living facilities in the Pacific Northwest .
Commit Media was founded in 2005 by Paul Katz with offices based in New York City .
The Wharf ( Holdings ) Limited ( Chinese : 九龍倉集團 ) , or Wharf ( 九倉 ) in short , ( SEHK : 0004 ) is a company founded in 1886 in Hong Kong .
Square , Inc. is a financial services , merchant services aggregator and mobile payment company based in San Francisco , California .
UOLDIVEO owns four Data centers : three in the city of São Paulo and one in Barueri .
Novelty Glass Company of Fostoria was one of over 70 glass manufacturing companies that operated in northwest Ohio during the region 's brief Gas Boom in the late 19th Century .
F. Laeisz ( pronounce lyze ; short FL ) , is an old established and today still active shipping company ( present offices in Hamburg , Rostock , Bremerhaven and Grabow , Germany , as well as Japan and Philippines )
Rio Grande Games is a board game publisher based in Rio Rancho , New Mexico .
Gapers Block ( Gapers Block Media , LLC ) is a Chicago - centric web publication focused on covering Chicago culture under the tag line : `` Slow down and check out Chicago '' .
In 2011 , NCSOFT purchased Hotdog Studio , a mobile game studio based in Seoul that produces phone and smartphone titles such as Dark Shrine .
Discotek Media is an American entertainment corporation based in Altamonte Springs , Florida .
InTown Suites is a chain of extended stay facilities in the United States , headquartered in unincorporated Cobb County , Georgia .
The K.A. Schmersal GmbH & Co. KG , with headquarters in Wuppertal is a global manufacturer of safety switchgear and systems .
The Emschergenossenschaft is the oldest and biggest public German water board , ( `` Wasserwirtschaftsverband '' ) located in Essen ( North Rhine - Westphalia / Germany ) and responsible for the 865 km² Emscher catchment with 2.2 Mio . citizens .
The Falu Party ( Swedish : Falupartiet ) a local political party in Falun , Sweden .
John Taylor & Co , commonly known as Taylor 's Bell Foundry or simply Taylor 's , is the world 's largest working bell foundry , located in Loughborough , Charnwood borough of Leicestershire , in the United Kingdom .
Groupe du Louvre is a French company , headquartered in Village 5 , La Défense in Nanterre , France .
Best Off is a French aircraft manufacturer founded in Toulouse by Philippe Prevot to market his Sky Ranger ultralight .
The Australasian Society for Historical Archaeology ( ASHA ) was originally founded as the Australian Society for Historical Archaeology in 1970 by Judy Birmingham , then a lecturer at the University of Sydney .
It is headquartered located at Aavin Illam , Madhavaram Milk Colony , Chennai and has four dairy plants at the following locations in Chennai .
Ontotext is a Bulgarian software company headquartered in Sofia .
Reliance Industrial Infrastructure Limited ( ) is an industrial infrastructure company based in Mumbai , India .
Aamra Companies is a B2B conglomerate headquartered in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Czech Aeroholding is an important group which is gradually assuming control of aviation transport companies and firms providing related ground services at the Prague / Ruzyne International Airport .
TikGames is a San Mateo , California - based video game developer founded in 2002 by Anatoly Tikhman .
Hahnemühle FineArt , Inc. is a paper manufacturing company in the Relliehausen district of Dassel , Germany .
Vetco was headquartered in London UK , and employed over 10000 people in more than 30 countries world wide .
Incorporated June 27 , 2005 under the name Castmor Resources , Ltd. Red Giant Entertainment , Inc. established in Clermont , Florida , in 2010 .
Mervyn 's was an American middle scale department store chain based in Hayward , California , and founded by Mervin G. Morris .
Mail Print , Inc. was a direct marketing and variable data printing company located in Kansas City , Missouri .
The Firehouse Restaurant is a fine dining establishment located in historic Old Sacramento .
Coupa is a cloud - based spend management software company located in San Mateo , California .
Levy Restaurants is a restaurant company based in Chicago specializing in providing premium - quality vending and food services to major entertainment and sports venues .
The Otahuhu supermarket proved a success and a second Foodtown was built and opened in Takanini , South Auckland in 1961 .
The charitable trust known as The Lords Feoffees and Assistants of the Manor of Bridlington , based in England , was created in 1636 .
Touchnote was first launched in 2008 and is based in London .
PlayFirst , Inc. is a San Francisco - based publisher of casual games founded in 2004 by industry veterans .
ND Studios officially known as BIG ND Studio is a film and television production studio located in Karjat , Maharashtra a north suburb of Mumbai .
Bravox is an electronics manufacturer , based in São Paulo , Brazil .
Polymer Char was founded by Dr. B. Monrabal in 1992 in the Valencia Technology Park , in Spain , being registered with the name of Polymer Characterization , S.A. Its initial goal was to develop a commercial CRYSTAF instrument .
Fibernet Corp. is an Internet Service and Colocation Provider based in Orem , Utah .
Tapper Transport is a freight transport and import / export business in Southdown , Auckland City , New Zealand .
The London office of Millhouse Capital was closed in August 2008 and its functions rolled into a new firm , MHC ( Services ) Ltd.
PeoplesChoice Credit Union is a state - chartered credit union headquartered in Biddeford , Maine and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) .
Karlssonwilker , Inc. is a New York City design firm founded in late 2000 and staffed by young graphic designers Jan Wilker of Germany and Hjalti Karlsson of Iceland .
Alfredo 's sons Claudio and Carlalberto later set up Corneliani S.p . A. in Mantua in 1958 .
IMDEA ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ĩn̪.'δ̞e.a ) ) is a project founded by the Madrid Regional Government , included in the IV Regional Plan of Scientific Research and Technological Innovation 2005 - 2008 ( PRICIT ) , for the purpose of setting up advanced research centers and higher education and training in the Community of Madrid .
On 25 September 1982 Peace Now held a mass protest in Tel Aviv in order to pressure the government to establish a national inquiry commission to investigate the massacres , as well as calling for the resignation of the Defence Minister Ariel Sharon .
Symrise was founded in 2003 by the merger of Haarmann & Reimer ( H&R ) and Dragoco , both based in Holzminden ( Germany ) .
Latrobe Brewing Company in Latrobe , Pennsylvania , founded in 1893 , was one of the largest breweries in the United States and the maker of `` Rolling Rock '' beer ( famous for its small green bottles ) .
Omnipol is a company based in Prague , Czech Republic , specialising in the trading of defence and aerospace equipment .
The Paragon China Company was a British manufacturer of bone china from 1919 to 1960 , based in Longton , Stoke - on - Trent , previously known as the Star China Company , and more recently part of the Royal Doulton group .
Saunders - Roe Limited , also known as SARO , was a British aero- and marine - engineering company based at Columbine Works , East Cowes , Isle of Wight .
The Peoples ' Friendship University of Russia ( Russian : Российский университет дружбы народов , РУДН ) is an educational and research institution located in southern Moscow .
2010 The National Bank of Ukraine appointed Mykola Onischenko as temporary administrator of Rodovid Bank ( Kiev ) , to replace Serhii Scherbyna .
Nongfu Spring ( simplified Chinese : 农夫山泉 ; traditional Chinese : 農夫山泉 ; pinyin : Nóngfū Shānquán ) is a Chinese bottled water and beverage company headquartered in Xihu District , Hangzhou , Zhejiang province .
RiceTec Inc. is a private company based in Alvin , TX and headquartered in Houston , TX that develops and produces hybrid rice seed for the American and various international markets .
Transit Wireless is an American telecommunication company found in 2005 , based in New York City .
Beef Products Inc. ( BPI ) is an American meat processing company based in Dakota Dunes , South Dakota .
The Helms Bakery in Culver City , California was a notable industrial bakery of Southern California that operated from 1931 to 1969 .
The Partnership for Public Service is a nonprofit , nonpartisan organization based in Washington , D.C. whose mission is to inspire a new generation of civil servants and transform the way government works .
Since 2007 , HelioPower has been headquartered in Murrieta , California .
Tower Records was a retail music chain based in Sacramento , California .
First Horizon National Corporation is a large bank holding company based in Memphis , Tennessee , USA .
And the most ambitious project of Grupo Roble a city within a city was built ( in the first phase ) in 2004 Panamericana Multiplaza located in San Salvador , El Salvador , which has the commercial centers and a tower of luxury apartments .
Located in Abu Dhabi , Sorouh Real Estate PJSC is one of the largest real estate developers in the UAE , and currently has over AED 70 billion ( USD $ 19 billion ) worth of projects under development .
Giesecke & Devrient ( G&D ) is a German company headquartered in Munich that provides banknote and securities printing , smart cards , and cash handling systems .
D. H. Holmes was a New Orleans department store and later a New Orleans - based chain of department stores .
DMACK , the parent company of DMACK Holdings Ltd. , is a Carlisle , England - based tire manufacturer , whose headquarters are located in the South of France .
Evolavia ( styled as eVOLAvia ) was a low - cost airline based in Ancona , Italy .
Windowizards , Inc. was an American home improvement company headquartered in Levittown , Pennsylvania which served southeastern Pennsylvania , Delaware , New Jersey and Virginia .
Brompton Bicycle is a manufacturer of folding bicycles based in Brentford , London .
Pocock Racing Shells is a Seattle , Washington - based racing shells manufacturer , founded in 1911 .
VKG Elektrivõrgud ( VKG EV , former name : Narva Elektrivõrgud ) is an electricity distribution company in Estonia .
Acesur was founded in 1840 and nowadays , more than 600 employees are distributed among its main facilities in Dos Hermanas , La Roda de Andalucia ( Sevilla ) , Tarancón ( Cuenca ) , Madrid , Mora de Toledo ( Toledo ) , Vilches , Puente del Obispo and Jabalquinto ( Jaén ) .
Book Soup is an independent bookstore located at 8818 Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood , California , and is the largest general interest independent bookstore in Hollywood .
Star Micronics Co. , Ltd. is a Japanese multinational electronic components and printer manufacturing company headquartered in Shizuoka , Japan .
Eighth Day Books is an independent bookstore founded in 1988 and located in Wichita , Kansas .
Wereldhave N.V. is a Dutch real estate investment company founded in 1930 , and headquartered in The Hague .
StorageMart was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Columbia , Missouri by Gordon Burnam , who had been involved in the self - storage industry since 1974 .
The Merry Hempsters is a manufacturer of certified organic and vegan hemp seed oil - based products located in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
Joy Global Inc. had its beginnings in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Langdon & Seah is an international construction consultancy firm in Asia operating independently in 13 countries from 39 offices and a staff resources of nearly 3,000 .
Digital Assembly LLC is a privately owned software company based in the downtown area of New York , United States .
De Pinna was a men 's and women 's high end clothier founded in 1885 , in New York City , by Alfred De Pinna ( 1831 - 1915 ) , a Sephardic Jew born in England .
DG Flugzeugbau GmbH is a manufacturer of sailplanes and other composite parts based in Bruchsal near Karlsruhe , Germany .
Plastic Ingenuity , headquartered in Cross Plains , WI is a custom thermoformer of plastic and biodegradable packages .
Casa Editrice Hoepli is an Italian publishing house based in Milan which was founded in 1870 when Ulrico Hoepli , a Swiss bookseller born 23 years earlier in the small village of Tuttwil ( Canton Thurgau ) , took over a bookshop in the Galleria De Cristoforis in the centre of the city .
Revolve Theatre Company is a Henley - on - Thames based theatre company specialising in political and Shakespearean plays .
Delta Galil Industries ( Hebrew : דלתא גליל תעשיות‎ ) is an Israeli textile firm headquartered in Tel Aviv with plants around the world .
The Molson Bank ( sometimes labeled Molsons Bank ) was a Canadian bank founded in Montreal , Quebec , by brothers William ( 1793 - -1875 ) and John Molson , Jr. ( 1787 - -1860 ) , the sons of brewery magnate John Molson .
Xtralis Pty Ltd. was founded in 1982 and incorporated in 1983 under the name Vision Fire & Security Pty Ltd. Its headquarters are located in Dublin , Ireland .
Guosen Securities Company Limited ( `` Guosen Securities '' , `` GSEC '' or Chinese : 国信证券 ) is a Chinese state - owned financial services company headquartered in Shenzhen , China , with more than 70 branches and 11,500 employees nationwide .
B&H Photo Video , founded in 1973 and located at 420 Ninth Avenue on the corner of West 34th Street in Manhattan , New York City , is the largest non - chain photo and video equipment store in the United States .
Comgás is a Brazilian gas distributor focused on São Paulo state .
Gasunie was founded in 1963 as a public - private partnership of Royal Dutch Shell ( 25 % ) , ExxonMobil ( 25 % ) and the state of the Netherlands ( 50 % ) to sell and distribute natural gas from the then recently discovered gasfield in the province of Groningen .
Casper 's Ice Cream is a family owned ice cream company based on Richmond , Utah .
Konka Group Co. , Ltd. ( Chinese : 康佳集团 ; pinyin : Kāngjiā jítuán ) is a Chinese manufacturer of electronics and telecommunication products based in Shenzhen , Guangdong province , China .
Windward Performance is a sailplane manufacturer located in Bend , Oregon .
Ku6 Media ( NASDAQ : KUTV ) , an online video company , was established in 2006 and now is based in Beijing , China .
Now & Then Books was a comic shop in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada .
The Gesellschaft für Informatik was founded in Bonn , Germany , on September 16 , 1969 .
Motive NYC Llc . ( More commonly referred to as Motive NYC or Motive ) is a digital design , marketing and branding agency with offices in New York City and Dublin , Ireland .
Nabors Industries Ltd. , founded in 1968 as Anglo Energy , Ltd. ( former AMEX symbol : AEL ) , and currently based in Hamilton , Bermuda , is an S&P 500 oil , natural gas and geothermal drilling contractor operating on land throughout the Americas , the Middle East , the Far East , and Africa .
Purger & Co. was a German printing house , based in Munich , Germany ( at Mozartstraße 13 ) , known for the coloured postcards it produced in the beginning of the 20th century .
In 2008 , Florida Veterinary Specialists and Cancer Treatment Center in Tampa , Fla. , NYC Veterinary Specialists and Cancer Treatment Center in New York City and Veterinary Specialty and Emergency Center in Kansas City merged to create BluePearl Veterinary Partners .
Rock / Creek is a Chattanooga , Tennessee - based sporting goods retailer of clothing and gear for rock climbing , paddling , trail running , hiking , camping and travel .
Western Somali Democratic Party ( WSDP ; also known as Somali Galbed ) is a political party in Ethiopia .
Microdeal was a British software company which operated during the 1980s and early 1990s from its base at Truro Road in the town of St Austell , Cornwall .
Reksoft is co - founded by Alexander Egorov with two friends from Saint Petersburg State University of Aerospace Instrumentation .
Single Homeless Project or SHP is a registered independent charity in England that works with single people who are homeless or at risk of homelessness in London .
Lavalin was a Canadian civil engineering and construction firm located in Montreal , Quebec .
Victory Auto Wreckers is an auto salvage yard in Bensenville , Illinois , near Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport .
Softlab 's corporate headquarters was in Munich .
Enerkem is a Montreal - based cleantech company .
Dr. D. Van Holliday was one of Tracor 's founding employees In 1976 , Tracor became the first Austin , Texas , based company on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Spanish royal family and the aristocracy wore his designs , but when the Spanish Civil War forced him to close his stores , Balenciaga moved to Paris .
E - One or Emergency One Incorporated is an emergency services manufacturer and marketer based in Ocala , Florida .
The Urban Land Institute , or ULI , is a nonprofit research and education organization with offices in Washington , D.C. , Hong Kong , and London .
Bulpitt & Sons Ltd was an electrical goods manufacturer and limited company in Birmingham , England , established as a brass founder in the late 19th century .
Intel decided in 1989 to build its European manufacturing operations in Leixlip , County Kildare , and formed Intel Ireland to be the holding company .
Vaillancourt Folk Art ( VFA ) is a family owned and operated wholesale and retail company based in Sutton , Massachusetts that manufactures highly detailed , hand - painted chalkware collectibles .
Garden Networks is a not - for - profit organization registered in Canada , that specializes in providing Internet anti - censorship / Internet privacy products for free .
Rogers Drums , was an American drum company created in 1849 and based in Covington , Ohio .
Innovative Solutions & Support , Inc. is an avionics company based in Exton , Pennsylvania , USA .
Reichle & De - Massari AG ( R&M ) , based in Wetzikon , is an independent Swiss family business specializing in information and communications technology .
Airiti Incorporation ( 華藝數位 ) headquartered in Taipei , Taiwan , is the leading Chinese e - content provider of Chinese academic e - journals , Taiwanese academic e - journals , classical art images to more than 450 libraries in 2006 and has extended to more than 72,000 libraries in 112 countries and territories around the world .
Marmon Motor Car Company was an American automobile manufacturer founded by Howard Marmon and owned by Nordyke Marmon & Company of Indianapolis , Indiana , US .
The University of the Witwatersrand , Johannesburg , is a multi - campus South African public research university situated in the northern areas of central Johannesburg .
Hanomag ( Hannoversche Maschinenbau AG ) was a German producer of steam locomotives , tractors , trucks and military vehicles in Hanover .
Kalaallit Nunaata Radioa ( literally Greenland 's Radio , usually referred to as The Greenlandic Broadcasting Corporation or KNR ) is the national public broadcasting corporation of Greenland , based in the country 's capital city , Nuuk .
IRIS Research commenced operations in 1980 and is headquartered in Wollongong , New South Wales .
The KONČAR Group is an electrical , transport and energy company based in Zagreb , Croatia .
Jeof srl was an Italian aircraft manufacturer based in Candiana .
The company currently operates rentals in the San Francisco Bay Area , San Diego , Austin , Portland , Chicago , and Washington , D.C. Similar to other car sharing services such as Zipcar , Getaround utilizes the economic principles of collaborative consumption .
Harmony House was an American music retailer founded in the Detroit suburb of Hazel Park , Michigan in 1947 .
In this category NetSys has its message switching software in South Africa ( Pretoria ) , India ( Delhi ) , Hungary ( Budapest ) , Switzerland ( Zurich ) and Poland ( Warsaw ) .
The United Refining Company is an oil company in Warren , Pennsylvania .
Best Buy is an American multinational consumer electronics corporation headquartered in Richfield , Minnesota , a Minneapolis suburb .
Weichai Power Co. , Ltd is a Chinese state - owned enterprise in Weifang , Shandong province , specialised in the research and development , manufacturing and sale of diesel engines .
The Musical Electronics Library ( or MEL ) is a lending library of homemade electronic musical devices in Auckland , New Zealand , and is a world - wide leader in the Scavengetronica movement .
Energy Carta is a non - profit organization founded in Singapore by a team of young adults .
The home Eyemart Express office is located in Farmers Branch , Texas .
Elsinore Multimedia , Inc. was a software and video game developer based in Hollywood , Florida .
NanoAndMore is operating from a location in Wetzlar , Germany - serving the European market - and from Lady 's Island ( South Carolina ) , USA - serving the North and South America markets .
Vimeo 's first annual Vimeo Awards took place October 8 and 9 , 2010 in New York City , dedicated towards showcasing and awarding creative video content hosted on the site .
PacSun is headquartered in Anaheim , California and operates a distribution center in Olathe , Kansas .
Based in Elmsford , New York , the company is the largest retailer of party goods in the United States and Canada , operating over 900 company - owned and franchise outlets under the Party City , Halloween City , and Factory Card & Party Outlet brands .
Cuppa Coffee Studios ( a.k.a . Cuppa Coffee Animation ) is a Canadian animation studio in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ; it was founded by Adam Shaheen in 1992 .
Patrizia Immobilien AG ( or PATRIZIA Immobilien AG as the company writes it ) with its headquarters in Augsburg , Germany , is a real estate services company listed on the SDAX stock exchange .
There are 13 Brasil Kirin factories / breweries around Brazil and 10 distribution centers , with the company headquarters situated at the city of Itu , São Paulo state .
Bubble Bus Software was a publisher of video game software for home computers in the mid-1980s , founded by Mark Meakins and based in Tonbridge , Kent .
SentinelOne is a venture - backed startup located in Mountain View , California that develops software to secure endpoint devices against targeted attacks and provides forensics to understand the nature of such attacks .
SouthTrust Corporation was a banking company headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama .
Emmi AG ( SIX : EMMN ) is a Swiss milk processor and dairy products company headquartered in Lucerne .
Liberty Skis Corporation is based in Avon , Colorado
Arbel Fauvet Rail ( AFR ) is a railway rolling stock manufacturer based in Douai , France .
Pfadt Race Engineering was an engineering firm located in Salt Lake City , Utah , that develops , manufactures , and sells high performance automotive components for several GM lines .
Verus Pharmaceuticals is a privately held pharmaceutical company based in San Diego , California .
The Bond Exchange of South Africa ( BESA ) was a South African Bond exchange based in Johannesburg that was acquired by JSE Limited in 2009 .
Tivoli Audio is an American electronics company based in Boston , Massachusetts , mainly making radios and other sound reproduction equipment .
Cheil Worldwide Inc. ( KRX : 030000 ) is a marketing company under the Samsung Group that offers advertising , public relations , shopper marketing , sports marketing , digital marketing , etc . It was established in 1973 with headquarters in Seoul , South Korea .
Keolis Norge is the Norwegian subsidiary of Keolis , holding the contract to operate the Bergen Light Rail from 2010 to 2017 in a public service obligation contract with Skyss .
WhereScape is a privately held international Data Warehousing & Big Data software company with offices in Auckland , New Zealand , Portland , Oregon , USA , Reading , United Kingdom , Pune , India & Singapore .
O2 Slovakia , s.r.o , Einsteinova 24 , SK- 851 01 Bratislava , Bratislava , Slovakia
Blue Isle Studios is a Canadian video game developer that is based in Toronto , Canada .
TVA Films is a privately held Canadian film and television distribution company with offices in Montreal , Quebec and Toronto , Ontario .
GAZ Group , Headquartered in Nizhny Novgorod , is a Russian automotive conglomerate which comprises 18 manufacturing facilities in eight regions of Russia , as well as sales and service organizations .
Donaldson 's , also known as The L. S. Donaldson Company , Minneapolis , Minnesota is a defunct department store company .
VersaPay Corporation ( TSXV : VPY ) , commonly known as VersaPay , is a national Canadian payment processing and payment systems company with offices in Toronto , Montreal and New York .
Leprino Foods is an American company with headquarters in Denver , Colorado that produces cheese , lactose , whey protein and sweet whey .
William Low ( popularly referred to as Willie Low 's ; latterly marketed as Wm Low ) was a chain of supermarkets based in Dundee , Scotland , until it was bought out by Tesco for £ 257 m in 1994 .
Eat'n Park is a restaurant chain based in Homestead , Pennsylvania with over 75 locations in Ohio , Pennsylvania , and West Virginia .
Kessinger Publishing LLC is an American print - on - demand publishing company located in Whitefish , Montana that specializes in rare , out of print books .
OneWest Bank began operations as a newly formed Pasadena , California - based federal savings bank on March 19 , 2009 with its acquisition of certain assets and certain limited liabilities of IndyMac Federal Bank , FSB from the FDIC .
BESTA is an independent subsidiary company of the Inventec Group first launched in Taipei in 1989 to produce compact English / Chinese electronic dictionaries .
No Magic 's corporate and sales headquarters are located in Allen , Texas .
For acute circulatory support , the company 's product lines are the CentriMag Acute Circulatory System ( CentriMag ) ; and for pediatric patients the PediMag Acute Circulatory System , known as PediVAS outside the U.S. Incorporated in 1976 , Thoratec is headquartered in Pleasanton , California .
Linuxgruven had offices in eight U.S. cities including a headquarters office in Clayton , Missouri , which is a St. Louis , Missouri suburb .
Opened in 1860 , McGillin 's Olde Ale House is the oldest continuously operated tavern in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The Asian Institute is a research centre at the Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto , and is located in the historical Devonshire House , a former residential hall of the university 's Trinity College .
Ophir Energy plc ( LSE : OPHR ) is an oil and gas exploration company based in London and operating in Africa and Asia .
SMBH , Inc. is a full - service structural engineering firm located in Columbus , Ohio .
Novar ( also Novar Controls ) is a manufacturing company based in Cleveland , Ohio which develops technology to centrally control and manage HVAC , refrigeration and lighting systems for businesses , using direct digital control and energy management .
Shapeways is a Dutch - founded , New York - based 3D printing marketplace and service , startup company .
On October 30 , 2013 OGX was forced to file for bankruptcy protection in the Court of Justice of Rio de Janeiro after defaulting on a $ 45 m bond payment .
Maple Leaf Wrestling was the unofficial name in the 1970s and 1980s of the professional wrestling promotion run by Frank Tunney in Toronto .
Spark Energy is an electricity and gas supplier , based in Selkirk , Scottish Borders .
UHU GmbH & Co. KG is a manufacturer of adhesive products , based in Bühl , Germany .
World Aircraft Company is an American aircraft manufacturer of light - sport aircraft headquartered in Paris , Tennessee .
The Philippine Tarsier Foundation , Incorporated ( PTFI ) is a non - profit , non - stock corporation based in Tagbilaran City , Bohol , Philippines , established in 1996 to conserve , promote research and establish a sanctuary for the Philippine tarsier .
Starbreeze Studios is a video game development studio founded by members of the demogroup Triton , based in Stockholm , Sweden .
The Sage Group plc , commonly known as Sage , is a British multinational enterprise software company headquartered in Newcastle upon Tyne , United Kingdom .
Beverly Loan Company was founded in 1938 and is the oldest pawn shop in Beverly Hills .
Saputo Inc. is a Montreal - based Canadian dairy company .
PreussenElektra was founded in 1927 with headquarters in Berlin and operated two thermal power stations , Borken in Hesse and Ahlem in Hanover , and eight hydroelectric stations .
Based in New York City , The Acting Company also sponsors several educational programs for middle school and high school students .
EA Tiburon is an Electronic Arts video game development studio located in Maitland , Florida , United States founded in 1994 .
Sognekraft is a power company that operates four hydroelectric power stations as well as the power grid in Balestrand , Leikanger , Sogndal and Vik in Norway .
Attract China is headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts and operates a Chinese - language website in Beijing , China .
Foley Hoag LLP ( formerly Foley , Hoag & Eliot LLP ) is a law firm headquartered in Boston , with additional offices in New York , Paris , France and Washington , D.C ..
Renaissance Cruises was a cruise ship operating company originally founded in 1989 owned by Fearnley & Eger Rederi in Oslo , Norway , but was later purchased by Edward Rudner ( founder of Alamo Car Rental ) as the company faltered during the Gulf War .
Chemical Automatics Design Bureau ( CADB ) , also KB Khimavtomatika ( Russian : Конструкторское бюро химавтоматики , КБХА , KBKhA ) is a Russian Design Bureau founded by the NKAP ( People 's Commissariat of the Aircraft Industry ) in 1941 and led by Semyon Kosberg until his death in 1965 .
The Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy ( Greek : Διακοινοβουλευτική Συνέλευση Ορθοδοξίας , Russian : Межпарламентская Ассамблея Православия ) , or I.A.O. , is a transnational , inter - parliamentary institution that in 1994 was established as European Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy ( EIAO ) .
The James B. Palais Book Prize has been awarded annually since 2010 by the Association for Asian Studies ( AAS ) .
Japanese Society for Bioinformatics is a Japanese research society on the subjects of bioinformatics and computational biology established in 1999 .
Ex Deo is a Canadian death metal band formed in 2008 in Montreal , Quebec .
Jamaat - e - Islami ( Urdu : جماعتِ اسلامی ) is an Islamic political organisation and social conservative movement founded in 1941 in British India by the Islamist theologian and socio - political philosopher , Abul Ala Maududi .
Hogeschool - Universiteit Brussel ( HUBrussel or HUB ) is a European university founded in 2007 .
The Asian Banker was founded in Singapore in 1996 by Emmanuel Daniel , a former consultant .
The Psalters are a Christian band which began in Philadelphia , USA , in 1997 .
Thomson Marconi Sonar ( TMS ) was formed as Ferranti Thomson Sonar Systems ( FTSS ) in 1990 by the merger of the sonar systems businesses of Thomson - CSF and Ferranti .
Finally , on 15 May 1943 the Academia Mexicana de Genealogía y Heráldica was founded by José Ignacio Dávila Garibi with a mission to promote the studies on Genealogy and Heraldry through research , education and exhibition .
Manic Hispanic was originally started in 1992 by Mike `` Gabby '' Gaborno ( aka Jefe ) from The Cadillac Tramps and Steve Soto ( aka El Hoakie Loco ) from The Adolescents/22 Jacks , originally with the intent to perform doo - wop versions of punk songs .
Nordsee was founded in 1896 to supply seafood from the North Sea to the residents of Bremen .
In late 2006 , EMI revived Priority Records , and it was supposed to start releasing new records again but never did except for a couple compilation and greatest hits albums from the likes of N.W.A , Westside Connection , Mack 10 , and Ice Cube .
The Entity Registry ( Norwegian : Enhetsregisteret ) is a Norwegian registry , established in 1995 , that stores information about juristic persons ( including self - employed people who have chosen to register , and governmental agencies ) .
The Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation ( German : Stiftung Preußischer Kulturbesitz ( SPK ) ) , headquartered in Berlin , Germany , was established in 1957 by German Federal law with the mission to acquire and preserve the cultural legacy of the former State of Prussia .
SmarTone was launched by Sun Hung Kai Properties and ABC Communications in 1992 .
The Boys ( and girls ) Club sold the radio station to the Mexican Fine Arts Center Museum ( Now National Museum of Mexican Art ) in 1997 , renaming the station WRTE .
GoldenTiger Productions was formed in 2007 by Maryland film writer / producer Corey Williams ( born January 20 , 1978 ) .
First100 is a leadership development consultancy which was established in London in 2004 by Niamh O'Keeffe .
The Sunliners of VFA-81 were originally commissioned as Attack Squadron SIXTY SIX ( VA-66 ) on 1 July 1955 .
Vicious Delite was an alternative metal band formed by Stephen Pearcy in 1995 after Arcade .
The Bill Rowan medal was introduced in 2000 and named after the winner of the first Comrades Marathon in 1921 .
Sound Riot Records is an independent record label founded in March 1994 in Brazil .
In February 22 , 1992 the denomination officially formed as the Christian Presbyterian Church .
UTC Central Bedfordshire is a University Technical College ( UTC ) that opened in September 2012 in Houghton Regis .
Digitale Gesellschaft ( literally , Digital Society ) is a German registered association founded in 2010 , that is committed to civil rights and consumer protection in terms of internet policy .
Ensign Records was started in 1976 by London - born Nigel Grainge , as an independent Phonogram subsidiary .
In late 1859 the name of the railroad was changed to the Texas and New Orleans Railroad Company .
USA Radio Network was established in 1985 by the late Marlin Maddoux .
The Jewish Anti - Fascist Committee ( JAC , Russian : Еврейский антифашистский комитет Yevreysky antifashistsky komitet , ЕАК ) was organized by the Jewish Bund leaders Henryk Erlich and Victor Alter , upon an initiative of Russian authorities , in fall 1941 ; both were released from prison in connection with their participation .
Enel , which originally stood for National Entity for Electricity ( Ente nazionale per l'energia elettrica ) , was first established as a public body at the end of 1962 , and then transformed into a limited company in 1992 .
Brazilian Communist Party ( Portuguese : Partido Comunista Brasileiro , originally Partido Comunista do Brasil ( Communist Party of Brazil ) until 1958 ) is the oldest political party still active in Brazil , founded in 1922 .
The pharmacologist Wilhelm Feldberg , who as a Jew had been forced to emigrate from Germany in 1933 , used the pension he was given as Emeritus Professor in Germany and the restitution money that he received from the German Government to establish the Feldberg Foundation in 1961 .
Refugee Camp All - Stars was an American hip hop duo active in 1997 , consisting of rappers John Forté and Pras .
Quảng Bình University is a university established in 2006 after merging colleges with the Normal College in Đồng Hới city , the capital of Quảng Bình Province .
Severns created the first prototype of the Answer Underground app in 2011 and it was released to open beta in May 2012 .
TV3 Winchester was the primary ABC and secondary This TV television station in Winchester , Virginia from 2007 until it ceased operations Dec. 5 , 2013 .
The Secretariat Vox Populi Award , also known as the `` Voice of the People '' award , was established in 2010 by Penny Chenery , who was the owner of Secretariat .
A constitution was drawn up and on 17 January 1986 a Certificate of Incorporation ( no . 1262 ) was issued in the name of the Australian Koala Association Inc. This name was changed on 3 October 1986 to the Australian Koala Foundation Inc. Later the word Inc. was dropped .
Forming in 1998 and straddling both Glasgow and Edinburgh , Tacoma Radar were a briefly popular indie pop band formed around the nucleus of Kenny Anderson , Richie Ferguson and Anne Langridge .
In 1980 , the category of adjustable air supported sleep systems was invented by a private company , Comfortaire Corporation , of South Carolina Bob Walker left Comfortaire and formed a new company in 1987 called Select Comfort .
British Divers Marine Life Rescue ( BDMLR ) is a British charity established in 1988 and is the United Kingdoms leading marine mammal rescue organisation .
The Buffalo Club released a self - titled album on the Rising Tide Records label in 1997 and charted three singles on the Billboard country charts that year , including the Top Ten `` If She Do n't Love You '' .
Xenos Books is a publishing company in Riverside , California that was founded in 1985 by Karl Kvitko and Verona Weiss .
ArticlesBase was established by Eyal Halimi and Simon Gelfand in 2005 as a website providing a free platform for content producers to publish their work online ( also known as article marketing ) .
ESPN2 launched on October 1 , 1993 at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time .
The college was established in 2001 by Techno India group .
The Astronomische Gesellschaft is an astronomical society established in 1863 in Heidelberg , the second oldest astronomical society after the Royal Astronomical Society .
The Mizo National Famine Front , which was originally formed to help ease the immense sufferings of the people during the severe Mautam Famine in Mizoram , was converted into Mizo National Front ( MNF ) on October 22 , 1961 .
Pacific Royale Airways was an Indonesian commercial airline which received its government flight license in November 2011 .
Grey Daturas were a noise rock band from Melbourne Australia known to have formed on stage at their debut live performance at The North Melbourne Town Hall Hotel , in August 2001 .
Food Network Asia launched July 5 , 2010 on StarHub TV Singapore channel 433 .
Principia Cybernetica was initiated in 1989 in the USA by Cliff Joslyn and Valentin Turchin , and a year later broadened to Europe with Francis Heylighen from Belgium joining their cooperation .
The Asian American Action Fund ( AAAF ) is an American Democratic political action committee and 501(c)(4 ) non - profit organization founded in 1999 .
Azure Ray ( Warm Records , 2001 ) Burn and Shiver ( Warm Records , 2002 ) Hold on Love ( Saddle Creek Records , 2003 ) Drawing Down the Moon ( Saddle Creek Records , 2010 )
A royal warrant provided that from 1 June 1899 : `` ... the mounted and dismounted branches of the Royal Regiment of Artillery shall be separated into two corps ... to be named respectively ( a ) the Royal Horse Artillery and the Royal Field Artillery : ( b ) the Royal Garrison Artillery . ''
Between 1955 and 1999 , ITN was more commonly known as the general brand name of ITV 's news programmes .
The office of Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency was created in 1970 in legislation that created the Environmental Protection Agency .
8x8 was founded in 1987 by Dr. Chi - Shin Wang and Dr. Y.W. Sing formerly of Weitek as Integrated Information Technology , Inc. , or IIT .
The club was founded on December 10 , 2001 , as Escolinha de Futebol Aquidauanense , eventually being renamed to Aquidauanense Futebol Clube .
The Black Dog Institute , founded in 2002 and based in Sydney , Australia , is a not - for - profit facility for diagnosis , treatment and prevention of mood disorders such as depression and bipolar disorder .
Sleep the Season are a Canadian alternative pop music group formed in Welland in 2005 .
Arkia was founded in 1949 as Israel Inland Airlines when it became clear that there was demand for a local airline to connect Tel Aviv with different regions of the then - new state of Israel , especially with Eilat , Israel 's important seaport situated on the Gulf of Aqaba .
Scientific Atlanta was founded in 1951 by a group of engineers from the Georgia Institute of Technology , and was purchased by Cisco Systems in 2005 for $ 6.9 billion after Cisco received anti - trust clearance for the purchase .
The New London Chamber Ensemble ( nlce ) is a wind quintet formed in 2001 .
What now is WDCD - FM first signed on in March 1987 as WCSF , airing a Saratoga County - targeted oldies format even though the signal covered the main cities of the Capital District well .
St. Johnny were a New York - based Rock band , formed in 1989 and split c.1995 .
The group Six Appeal was founded in the fall of 2006 at Concordia College in Moorhead , Minnesota by Micheal Brookens and Jordan Roll .
The Irish Republic ( Irish : Poblacht na hÉireann or Saorstát Éireann ) was a revolutionary state that declared its independence from Britain in January 1919 .
The Project Management Institute was founded by Ned Engman ( McDonald Douglas Automation ) , James Snyder and Susan Gallagher ( SmithKline & French Laboratories ) , Eric Jenett ( Brown & Root ) and J Gordon Davis ( Georgia Institute of Technology ) at the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1969 as a nonprofit organization .
Zieher Smith & Horton , a New York contemporary art gallery , was formed when galleries ZieherSmith and Horton Gallery merged in 2014 .
The site featured explanations of the salary cap , the status of a players ' contract , statistics , etc . Called revolutionary by hockey experts , CapGeek was launched in 2009 by Metro Halifax sports journalist Mathew Wuest .
Statskog was established in 1860 as Statens skovvæsen and was organized under the Ministry of the Interior .
Energise Records is a British independent record label established in 1993 .
Kirpichi ( translated as ' Bricks ' ) is one of the most influential alternative groups in Russia , which formed in 1995 as `` Bricks Are Heavy '' .
Finally , in 1971 , a Supplemental Charter accorded the Association the status of the Royal College of Psychiatrists .
African Bible University ( Uganda ) was founded in 2005 by African Bible Colleges to `` offer quality education from a Christian perspective to the surrounding countries of Sudan , South Sudan , Central African Republic , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Rwanda , Burundi , Tanzania , Kenya and Ethiopia '' .
Eta Kappa Nu ( ΗΚΝ ) is the international electrical and computer engineering honor society of the IEEE , founded in October 1904 by Maurice L. Carr at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
The Yamabiko Corporation is a Japanese manufacturer of power tools formed with the September 2008 merger of the Kioritz and Shindaiwa corporations .
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College ( Bengali : শহীদ তাজউদ্দীন আহমদ মেডিকেল কলেজ ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh , established in 2013 .
Johnson started 8 Legged Monster in 2007 to showcase the talent of some of the local musicians in San Francisco and to bring a more compositional approach to the San Francisco Bay Area music scene .
In 1985 , the American Inns of Court Foundation was formally organized to promote and charter local Inns of Court across the United States .
Mephisto Walz are an American gothic rock band formed in 1985 .
America 's Store ( AS ) began in 1988 as the Home Shopping Club Overnight Service , which aired on broadcast stations around the USA from midnight to 9 am and , in particular , on WWOR - TV from 3 am to 6 am in the New York City metro area .
The Heritage House is a non - profit youth hostel in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem , founded in 1985 by Rabbi Meir Schuster .
Ten Airways is a charter airline that has launched its operations in 2009 , as a successor of JeTran Air .
Pacific Front Recordings is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2004 in Victoria , British Columbia by Justin Humber and Davin Greenwell .
21st Century Schizoid Band were a King Crimson alumnus group formed in 2002 .
Leisure International Airways was a British charter airline which was established in 1987 and commenced operations in 1996 .
Aselsan was founded by the Turkish Army Foundation at the end of 1975 The first CEO of ASELSAN was M. Hacim Kamoy .
Founded in November 2001 , Vormetric markets software and hardware for encryption and key management that protect high value data from data loss and theft .
The first Inorbit Mall opened in 2004 , in Malad , Mumbai .
The Fundacion Comunitaria Televisora de Petare ( TV Petare ) , is a Venezuelan television station that was created in July 2002 .
The Science Diplomats Club was established during a lunch held by the Embassy of Denmark at the Cosmos Club in January 1965 .
After 30 years spent at Fulgurex , Urs Egger found Lemaco SA , in 1985 , 9 chemin du Croset , at Ecublens , Switzerland .
Suitcase101 is a Filipino band that was formed in 2004 by a group of students .
AllAdvantage was launched on March 31 , 1999 , by Jim Jorgensen , Johannes Pohle , Carl Anderson , and Oliver Brock .
Established in 1985 , Landmark College was the first institution of higher learning to pioneer college - level studies for students with dyslexia .
Bibo ( or Bibo Juice ) was a fruit - flavoured juice developed in 1998 by The Coca - Cola Company .
CI&T was initially founded in 1995 as an IT group working with research and development ( R&D ) companies for software development before expanding to provide technical services to nearshore customers .
In 2012 , WOW air carried around 90,000 passengers , and in 2013 , that number had risen to some 450,000 passengers .
It was formed under the Punjab Food Authority Act 2011 .
Originally a wooded area west of Interstate 85 prior to the mall 's opening in 1999 , the Concord Mills retail district has rapidly expanded .
The Great Wall International Music Academy , founded in 2005 and taking place annually in Beijing , China , was `` the first festival of its kind to bring together the best of Western and Chinese musicians . ''
Dar Al - Handasah was established in 1956 , and initially given an Arabic name دار الهندسة Dar Al - Handasah which means in Arabic `` the house of engineering '' .
Business for Scotland , SC430989 , was first registered on 23 August 2012 by a sole director named as Gordon MacIntyre - Kemp .
Pallokissat was founded in 2007 as the youth academy for KMF Kuopio .
The Formula 3 Euro Series was a European - based junior single seater formula for Formula Three chassis that was launched ( in its current form ) in 2003 as a merger of the French Formula Three Championship and German Formula Three Championship .
The Clan Gregor Society Pipe Band , founded in 2001 , was a Grade One pipe band based in Airth , Scotland .
Google China was founded in 2005 and was originally headed by Kai - Fu Lee , a former Microsoft executive and the founder in 1998 of Microsoft Research Asia .
Founded in 2004 as Team Tarsier , the team eventually changed their name to Tarsier Studios when they released their first two projects involving SCE properties in 2009 .
Imprint Records , originally known as Veritas Music Entertainment , was an American record label established in July 1995 and specializing in country music .
Enable Ireland was founded in 1948 originally as Cerebral Palsy Ireland .
The Black Forest National Park ( German : Nationalpark Schwarzwald ) was created on 1 January 2014 and is the first national park in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Cross of Merit for Women and Girls ( Ehrenkreuz für Frauen und Jungfrauen ) was created on 22 March 1871 by Kaiser Wilhelm I , German Emperor , in his capacity as King of Prussia .
The Empowerment Plan was established as a 501(c)3 nonprofit corporation in 2011 , by Veronika Scott , who was a student at the College for Creative Studies in Detroit .
The SouthEast LinuxFest started in 2009 as a Saturday only event in Clemson , SC .
Silver Jews were an indie rock band from New York City , formed in 1989 by David Berman along with Pavement 's Stephen Malkmus and Bob Nastanovich .
He then bought the title and established an independent Cell Press in 1986 .
In 2006 , wishing to expand their operations in the African market , Bravo Airlines became an airline group , and joined with several Congolese private investors , to create a new airline , named Bravo Air Congo .
Helloween is a German power metal band founded in 1984 in Hamburg , Northern Germany .
William Clarke College is an Anglican co - educational K-12 school founded in 1988 .
Warcon Enterprises is a New York based independent record label focusing on mostly post - hardcore , started by Bob Chiappardi of Concrete Marketing and Kevin Lyman in 2004 .
Academic Games Leagues of America was founded in 1991 to encourage the use of Academic Games as an educational tool and as a scholar competition .
It was founded in 1996 by James H. Clark and Pavan Nigam as Healthscape , later Healtheon , and then it acquired WebMD in 1999 to form Healtheon / WebMD .
The White Stripes were an American rock duo , formed in 1997 in Detroit , Michigan .
The World Sauna Championships was an annual endurance contest held in Heinola , Finland , from 1999 to 2010 .
Show Racism the Red Card ( SRTRC ) is an anti - racism education charity , established in England in January 1996 to harness the high profile nature of footballers as anti - racist role models to educate against racism throughout society in the United Kingdom .
VfB Marburg was established on 13 May 1905 as Marburger Fußball Club and in its first two years boasted over 100 members .
The Catalan Nationalist Party ( in Catalan : Partit Nacionalista Català ) was a Catalan independentist political party in Catalonia created in March 1932 .
Established in 2003 , Superior Airways has been serving Northwestern Ontario by flying cargo , fisherman , hunters , firefighters , first nations , medical patients and law enforcement to and from remote communities as well as city centers .
The Philippine Popular Music Festival ( also known as Philpop ) is an annual songwriting competition organized by the Philpop MusicFest Foundation and was launched in 2012 .
The Modern Architectural Research Group , or MARS Group , was a British architectural think tank founded in 1933 by several prominent architects and architectural critics of the time involved in the British modernist movement .
Food Lion was founded in 1957 in Salisbury , North Carolina as Food Town by Wilson Smith , Ralph Ketner , and Brown Ketner .
Haninge Anchors HC was founded in May 2013 as a merger of the Haninge - based clubs Haninge HF , Vendelsö IK and Västerhaninge IF .
The 11th Bavarian Infantry Division ( 11 . Bayerische Infanterie - Division ) was a unit of the Royal Bavarian Army , part of the Imperial German Army , in World War I. The division was formed on March 24 , 1915 , and organized over the next few weeks .
General Cable was incorporated in New Jersey in 1927 , merging several older companies founded in the 19th century , including Phillips Wire and Safety Cable Company , Rome Wire Company , and Standard Underground Cable .
On 29 March 1971 , Air Pacific was renamed Fiji Air and again renamed to Air Fiji in February 1995 .
The Hawaiian Mission Houses Historic Site and Archives at 553 South King Street in Honolulu , Hawaii , was established in 1920 by the Hawaiian Mission Children 's Society , a private , non - profit organization and genealogical society , on the 100th anniversary of the arrival of the first Christian missionaries in Hawaiʻi .
West Spring Secondary School started classes on 2 January 2001 , then moved from a temporary holding campus along Teck Whye Crescent to the new permanent campus 61 Senja Road in January 2005 .
The Finsterwalde Solar Park was , in November 2010 , the world 's largest photovoltaic plant with 80.7 MWp .
British Muslim TV was conceptualised towards the end of 2013 and underwent planning from the start of 2014 , having quickly established substantial `` pre - sold advertising '' to make the concept into a reality , according to Wasim Akhtar , Director of Marketing and Communications .
Austin Film Festival ( AFF ) , founded in 1994 , is an organization in Austin , Texas , that focuses on writers '' creative contributions to film .
The Foundation for the Promotion of European Education F.I.N.E. - University of Wales , Romania ( Romanian : Fundaţia Pentru Promovarea Învăţământalui European F.I.N.E -- Universitatea Wales România ) , a university located in Bucharest , Romania , was established in 2001 and received authorisation to function from the Romanian Ministry of Education , Research and Youth in 2003 .
Created in 1986 by the recorder player Jean - Marc Andrieu , the orchestra Les Passions is in residence in the south - west French town of Montauban .
Constituted as 13th Bombardment Group ( Medium ) on 20 November 1940 Inactivated on 30 November 1942 Re - designated 13th Air Expeditionary Group , and converted to provisional status in 2007
Created in 1990 by 4 researchers of Mordvin language and traditions across the USSR , Toorama was originally a choir of 9 men .
Rauhes Haus is a social service institution , founded in 1833 and located in Hamburg , Germany .
The company Maschinenbau Kiel was founded on the 25 May 1948 as a limited liability company .
A&P Canada was a Canadian supermarket company from 1927 to 2009 .
Cartoon Hangover ( stylized as Cartooи Haиgover ) is a Frederator Studios ' television channel and adult animation division , part of the $ 100 million YouTube Original Channel Initiative , launched in February 2012 .
WXSU - LP first went live to the Salisbury community in 2005 with a low power , 100 watt signal .
Tajikfilm was founded in 1930 as a newsreel studio , the studio released its first feature film in 1932 ; its first talky in 1935 .
Transwa is part of the Public Transport Authority and was launched on 28 May 2003 replacing the Western Australian Government Railways Commission .
Boffo Games was a short - lived computer games developer founded in 1994 by Steve Meretzky , Mike Dornbrook , and Leo DaCosta .
The company was founded in 1978 by Rainer Küschall who was quadriplegic .
The Curtain Society is a band which formed in Southbridge , MA in 1988 , and consists of singer / guitarist Roger Lavallee , Ron Mominee and Duncan Arsenault .
The University of Deusto first opened in 1886 , having been founded because of the Basque Country 's desire to have its own university and the Society of Jesus 's wish to move its School of Higher Studies in Laguardia to a more central place .
All About Records is an American record label founded in 1997 by Russell Orcutt and made famous by such bands as Tokyo Rose , A Wilhelm Scream , and Lanemeyer .
The University System of Ohio was unified under Governor Ted Strickland in 2007 .
The GSIS Museo ng Sining ( English : GSIS Museum of Art ) or the GSIS Museum is an art museum in Pasay , Metro Manila , Philippines established in April 1996 .
The Goldens ' self - titled debut album was released by Epic Records in 1987 .
Established in 1987 to meet the special needs of honors students and provide them with an affordable , quality education that is second to none , the Louisiana Scholars ' College has developed a unique , comprehensive , and interdisciplinary curriculum that has proven highly successful in helping such students develop their full potential .
In December 1996 the United Nations General Assembly proclaimed 21 November as World Television Day commemorating the date on which the first World Television Forum was held in 1996 .
The FGV Management is a Brazilian private institution established in 2003 to develop and manage a single distribution network at the domestic at international levels for the Continued Education programs developed by the various Fundação Getúlio Vargas .
The International Auschwitz Committee was formed by survivors of the Auschwitz death camp in 1952 for the support of the survivors and to fight racism and anti - Semitism .
TeleG was established as the first daily digital Gaelic TV channel in Scotland on 31 October 1999 and was available on the Freeview platform until 23 May 2011 .
Since 1986 , the Enfield Shaker Museum has worked to preserve the Shaker heritage of the site without neglecting the 20th century history of the village .
Safeway Stores ( Ireland ) was a supermarket chain that operated in Northern Ireland between 1996 and 2005 .
Green - Wood Cemetery was founded in 1838 as a rural cemetery in Kings County , New York .
The Conservative Party of Georgia ( Georgian : საქართველოს კონსერვატიული პარტია , Sak’art’velos konservatiuli partia , SKP ) is a centre - right and nationalist political party , active in Georgia since 2001 .
Bespoke Arcades is a subsidiary of Page Global Ltd and was formed on 28 July 2005 .
Now & Then Records was a record label founded in 1992 by Mark Ashton , Bruce Mee and Peter Sims .
Flying Saucer Working Party ( or FSWP ) was the name of the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence 's ( MOD ) first `` official study into UFOs '' , which has its roots in a study commissioned in 1950 by the MOD 's then Chief Scientific Adviser , the great radar scientist Sir Henry Tizard .
Gettysburg College is a private , four - year liberal arts college founded in 1832 , in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , United States , adjacent to the famous battlefield .
Pyrenair was founded in 2006 at the time of the inauguration of the Huesca--
JSTOR ( pronounced JAY - stor ; short for Journal Storage ) is a digital library founded in 1995 .
Creative Assembly was founded on 18 August 1987 as a limited company .
Green Magnet School was an experimental rock band formed in Massachusetts in 1987 .
It was originally founded as Neve Electronics in 1961 by Rupert Neve , the man credited with creating the modern mixing console .
The Reynolds - Alberta Museum opened in 1992 as a project of Alberta Community Development and Alberta Infrastructure .
The Passion Trust was established in 2011 to support Passion Plays taking place in the UK , and acts as a centre for resourcing , financing and equipping passion plays .
The Ex - Service , Service and Veterans Party was a minor Australian political party that contested the 2004 federal election .
Reactivated in 1951 , the 12th Air Division was an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command .
Yellow Plastic Bucket was a band based in Oakville , Ontario , Canada , formed in 1993 and disbanded in 1997 .
Vivo Energy , a Shell licensee in 16 African markets , was established on December 1 , 2011 to distribute and market Shell - branded fuels and lubricants .
Estonian School of Diplomacy ( Estonian : Eesti Diplomaatide Kool ) is a private university in Tallinn , Estonia , established in 1990 .
Wave Music is an independent dance music record label founded in 1995 by François Kevorkian , headquartered in New York City .
KDTX - TV first signed on the air on February 9 , 1987 ( the call letters had previously been used by a radio station on 102.9 FM , now KDMX ) ; it was built and signed on by the Trinity Broadcasting Network .
The Cheltenham Jazz Festival was started in 1996 , under the direction of Jim Smith , and has established itself as one of the UK 's most popular annual jazz festivals .
FC Tirol Innsbruck was an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck , Tyrol which existed between 1993 and 2002 , when bankruptcy was declared .
The village was established in 2003 as a Nahal settlement , before being settled by 44 families in 2005 , at which point it was named Mitzpe Ilan after the Israeli astronaut Ilan Ramon .
Dr. Cesare Magarotto was one of the founders of World Federation of the Deaf and its first General Secretary ( 1951 - 1987 ) along with Mr. Vittorio Ieralla who was elected as the President from 1951 -1955 .
The firm was founded in 1964 by Egon Zehnder ( a 1956 Harvard Business School graduate ) and operates in 41 countries with 68 offices .
Founded in April 2013 , Puntland TV and Radio broadcasts locally in Somali via terrestrial service .
Civair has operated helicopter and fixed - wing business charter services since 1989 .
Gorton Locomotive Works , known locally as Gorton Tank , was in Openshaw near Manchester , England and was completed in 1848 by the Sheffield , Ashton - under - Lyne and Manchester Railway .
In 1945 , they created the School of the Rose - Croix d'Or ( Lectorium Rosicrucianum ) .
Jingle Punks Music is a music publishing and licensing company headquartered in New York , NY , founded by Jared Gutstadt and Dan Demole in October 2008 .
In 1996 , the Columbus Cottonmouths started play in the Central Hockey League , joining the Macon Whoopee and Nashville Nighthawks as expansion entries that were originally slated to be in the Southern Hockey League before its demise in the summer of 1996 .
Formerly known as 7th plague , Forever in Terror was formed in 2003 in Streetsboro , Ohio , in the Greater Cleveland area , by drummer Nick Borukhovsky .
Channel 48 signed back on the air on August 15 , 1992 , under the call letters WGTW - TV ( `` Good TV to Watch '' ) , an independent station .
The Supraphon name , ( originally used for an electric record player , a technical marvel of its day ) , was first registered as a trademark in 1932 .
Sirens and Sailors is an American metalcore band from Rochester , New York , that was formed in 2005 .
The Engineers Museum was re - opened in Miehikkälä in 2007 .
Nor - Ferjer was a joint venture ferry company created by Hardanger Sunnhordlandske Dampskipsselskap ( HSD ) and Stavangerske in 2005 to compete for public service obligation on car ferry routes outside Rogaland and Hordaland , Norway .
Established in 1977 , Falter is published weekly on Wednesdays .
Shadrinsk was founded in 1662 as an agricultural and trade settlement .
Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( YAS ) is the NHS ambulance service covering Yorkshire in England which was formed on 1 July 2006 following the mergers of the former West Yorkshire Metropolitan Ambulance Service ( WYMAS ) , South Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( SYAS ) and Tees , East and North Yorkshire Ambulance Service ( TENYAS ) .
The American Foreign Policy Council ( AFPC ) is an American conservative non - profit U.S. foreign policy think tank operating in Washington , D.C. , since 1982 .
It started broadcasting in 1991 as `` M - Radio . New Wave '' in Moscow on 71,3 FM .
Chicago Catz is a Chicago , Illinois area cover band that was formed in 1986 by five noteworthy musicians .
The Mathaba News Agency is an independent alternative news agency founded in 1999 , not to be confused with the World Mathaba organization ( Arabic : المثابة العالمية ‎ al - Mathāba al-'ālamiyya . )
Dependent Music was formed by Brian Borcherdt in Yarmouth , Nova Scotia in 1994 .
The Trade Union and Labour Party Liaison Organisation ( TULO ) is a labour organisation in the United Kingdom that was set up in 1994 by a motion to the Labour Party 's Annual Conference .
Östersunds BS is a bandy club in Östersund , Sweden , established on 5 September 1974 when Ope IF 's bandy section was disestablished .
The Discocks are a punk rock band formed in 1989 with Peter ( Ohashi ) and bass , Naka - chin on guitar and early D.S.B. drummer Hiroichi on drums .
Eläkeläiset ( Finnish for `` pensioners '' ) are a Finnish humppa band founded in 1993 .
It was founded in the second half of the 19th century as a settlement around the Gryazi railway station , which was opened in 1868 .
The Republican Party of the Social Order ( Portuguese : Partido Republicano da Ordem Social , PROS ) is a political party in Brazil , founded in 2010 , and officially recognized in 2013 .
Why Five ( occasionally stylized Y5 ) is a Spanish boy band formed in 2013 which sings in both English and Spanish .
Paramaecium ( sometimes typeset as Paramæcium ) was an Australian death / doom metal band formed in 1991 .
Founded in 2007 , Italian Week occurs annually between 26 May and 2 June across Queensland and features a series of events , shows , cultural activities and concerts .
WFNP - FM is one of a handful of time - share FM stations remaining in the United States ; since its 1990 sign - on it has shared the 88.7 frequency with WRHV - FM ( originally WMHX - FM ) , a simulcast of classical - formatted WMHT - FM Schenectady .
The Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights or EIPR ( Arabic : المبادرة المصرية للحقوق الشخصية‎ ) is an independent Egyptian human rights organization , established in 2002 .
Azman Air Services Limited is a Kano , Nigeria , based domestic airline company established in 2010 by businessman Abdulmunaf Yunusa Sarina .
Aktion Deutschland Hilft was foundet in 2001 with headquarter in Cologne , to combine the capabilities of German aid organisations , so that fast and efficient disaster aid can be guaranteed abroad .
The Norinchukin Bank was founded on December 20 , 1923 by the Japanese government to support the country 's agriculture industry .
Speidernes Fellesorganisasjon ( The Guides and Scouts of Norway ) is the national Scouting and Guiding federation of Norway , founded in 2003 .
Cafetaleros de Tapachula Futbol Club was founded in May 25 , 2015 after Altamira based Estudiantes de Altamira announced the relocation of the club to Tapachula due to economic reasons .
Doğan News Agency ( DHA ; Turkish : Doğan Haber Ajansı ) is a Turkish news agency which was founded in 1999 .
Regions Financial Corporation started on July 13 , 1971 with the merger of three Alabama banks :
The Daily Beast began on October 6 , 2008 , and is owned by IAC .
Kid Kilowatt was a rock supergroup formed in 1996 and dissolved in 1997 , including members of Cave In , Converge and Piebald .
Kye Kye ( stylized KYE KYE ) is an American indietronica band from Portland , Oregon that formed in 2010 .
California Storm is an American women 's soccer team , founded in 1995 as the Sacramento Storm , dropping the city name in favor of California the following season .
In 2002 Travel City Direct changed airline operators to European Aviation based in Bournemouth using former British Airways Boeing 747 aircraft that were acquired from BA after September 11 .
The Academical Village People ( AVP ) is an all - male a cappella group at the University of Virginia founded in 1993 by a group of people who vowed to `` never take themselves too seriously . ''
To - Shin Do is a martial art founded by Black Belt Hall of Fame instructor Stephen K. Hayes in 1997 .
Daphne High School was opened in 1989 with only one main building .
WE Model United Nations Expo ( WEMUN Expo ) was established in 2007 and was one of the first high - school Model United Nations conferences in China .
Equity Bank Kenya Limited was incorporated in 2014 as a result of the corporate restructure of Equity Group Holdings Limited .
The name means `` combination , '' but the Russian word is a double entendre which also refers to a woman 's frilly slip , and at the group 's 1988 performance in Moscow they were forced to perform under a different name because `` Kombinaciya '' was considered too suggestive a band title .
Crustacean Records is a record company from Wisconsin , United States , founded in 1994 .
Zeromancer is a Norwegian industrial rock band formed in 1999 by members of the band Seigmen .
The MacTier Cup was established in 1998 along with the RCSL .
The Leeds Development Corporation was established in 1988 to develop South Central Leeds and the Kirkstall Valley .
Plow United is an American punk rock formed in Wilmington , Delaware in 1992 .
Stunt Records is an independent record label formed in 1990 by Daniel Amos , Terry Scott Taylor and Tom Gulotta .
Communicorp Group Ltd was formed by Denis O'Brien in 1989 .
On January 15 , 1992 , Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural was founded , after two local clubs , Dalban and Veranense , fused .
In September 2014 , David Brabham announced the reformation of the Brabham Racing team under the name Project Brabham , with plans to enter the 2015 FIA World Endurance Championship and 2015 24 Hours of Le Mans in the LMP2 category using a crowdsourcing business model .
Jennifer Ann 's Group , named after Jennifer Ann Crecente , was formed in 2006 by Crecente 's father after the murder of the 18-year - old high school honors student by a former boyfriend .
Originally , founded in 1817 in Detroit as the Catholepistemiad , or University of Michigania , 20 years before the Michigan Territory officially became a state , the University of Michigan is the state 's oldest university .
Young Empires is a Canadian rock band formed in Toronto in October , 2009 .
Uppsala International Short Film Festival is an annual festival hosted in Uppsala , Sweden since 1982 .
WWPS - LP first appeared on the airways in 1991 as a translator of Cornerstone Television .
LA Plaza de Cultura y Artes , also called LA Plaza is a Mexican - American museum and cultural center in Los Angeles , California , USA that opened in April 2011 .
Sage Telecom , Inc was founded in 1996 as a competitive local exchange carrier ( CLEC ) reselling telecommunications primarily in rural markets served by SBC Communications .
Automobil und Aviatik AG was a German aircraft manufacturer during World War I. The company was established at Mülhausen ( today in France ) in 1910 and soon became one of the country 's leading producers of aircraft , relocating to Freiburg in 1914 and establishing a subsidiary in Vienna as Österreichisch - Ungarische Flugzeugfabrik Aviatik .
The Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility was established in 1987 in honor of Norbert Wiener to recognize contributions by computer professionals to socially responsible use of computers .
The NSDAP Office of Colonial Policy ( German : Kolonialpolitisches Amt der NSDAP , K.P.A. or KPA ) was a Nazi Party office formed in 1934 .
American Poetry Center was founded in 1983 to bring the Spoken Word to a wide range of audiences .
The 3Ds were an alternative pop / rock band based from Dunedin , New Zealand , together from 1988 to 1997 .
Minuteman Missile National Historic Site was established in 1999 to illustrate the history and significance of the Cold War , the arms race , and intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) development .
BBS Kraftfahrzeugtechnik AG began in 1970 in Schiltach Germany by Heinrich Baumgartner and Klaus Brand as a manufacturing plant for plastic auto body parts .
The Philippine Sports Commission ( PSC ) was created through Republic Act No . 6847 in 1990 to serve as the `` sole policy - making and coordinating body of all amateur sports development programs and institutions in the Philippines '' .
Ivoryline formed in 2003 under the name Dead End Driveway , releasing an EP and an album under this name before changing the name to Ivoryline in 2005 .
Castolin Eutectic was established in 1906 by Jean - Pierre Wasserman in Lausanne , Switzerland .
The subsidiary , BEC - TERO , was formed on March 27 , 1998 .
The Republic of Ilirida ( Albanian : Republika e Iliridës ) is a proposed state of Macedonia declared twice by politician Nevzat Halili , once in 1992 and once in 2014 .
Staten Island Technical High School , commonly called Staten Island Tech or SITHS , was founded in 1988 .
Triton Airlines was a short - lived airline operated by Jason and Javis Roberts from St. John 's , Newfoundland , Canada , from February 1993 to October 1994 .
Carrefour Market is a French supermarket chain created in 2007 , owned by the international retail group Carrefour , and has currently stores in France and several other countries , see below .
Tigerspike is a mobile technology company founded in 2003 by Luke Janssen , Oliver Palmer , and Dean Jezard .
On February 7 , 1984 , the four museums were converged into the Museum of National Awakening .
FC St. Gallen ( Fussballclub St. Gallen 1879 ) is a Swiss football club based in St. Gallen .
ICAO Digest of Statistics for 1955 , IATA World Air Transport Statistics 1960 - 2000 Lufthansa traces its history to 1926 when Deutsche Luft Hansa A.G. ( styled as Deutsche Lufthansa from 1933 onwards ) was formed in Berlin .
The group was formed by the merger of Veolia Transport and Transdev on 3 April 2011 .
In 1927 , it was renamed after local Afrikaner P.F. Hennenman , from Swartpan Farm .
Aeronord was an airline based in Moldova , which was founded in 2006 .
The European Pitch and putt Championship is the team championship promoted by the European Pitch and Putt Association ( EPPA ) , and was first held in 1999 .
Eternal Legacy is an American heavy metal band that formed in 2002 in Parma , Ohio .
Weatherzone was founded in 1998 by former Bureau of Meteorology ( BOM ) meteorologist , Mark Hardy , providing graphics , scripts and weather briefings for television weather presentations .
Not from There is an Australian indie rock band formed in 1991 in United Kingdom , but relocated to Brisbane , Queensland by 1992 .
Scouting in French Polynesia is represented by the Conseil du Scoutisme polynésien ( Polynesian Scout Council ) , founded in 1986 .
Founded in 1893 , Columbia University Press is notable for publishing reference works , such as The Columbia Encyclopedia ( 1935 - -present ) , The Columbia Granger 's Index to Poetry ( online as The Columbia World of Poetry Online ) and The Columbia Gazetteer of the World ( also online ) and for publishing music .
The company was founded by Herman Salling as Jysk Supermarked in 1960 , but the name was changed to Dansk Supermarked A / S when Herman Salling partnered with the A.P. Moller - Maersk Group in 1964 .
Black Achemoth is a Black Metal band from São Paulo , Brazil formed in 2003 .
Echo Bay Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , established in 1971 and containing 4.66 acres ( 18,900 m2 ) .
La Libre Esthétique ( French ; `` The Free Aesthetics '' ) was an artistic society founded in 1893 in Brussels , Belgium to continue the efforts of the artists ' group Les XX dissolved the same year .
La Sonora Carruseles is a salsa band originating in 1995 from Colombia .
The Tour d'Annaba is a stage race held annually since 2015 in Algeria , rated 2.2 and is part of UCI Africa Tour .
The Gourds are an American alternative country band that formed in Austin , Texas , United States , during the summer of 1994 .
West Coast Environmental Law was founded in 1974 and is the oldest environmental law organization in British Columbia , Canada .
Joker 's Closet was launched in April 2013 by Toronto designer Ashley Ebner , who studied design at the London College of Fashion .
Against Me ! is an American punk rock band formed in Gainesville , Florida , United States , in 1997 by singer and guitarist Laura Jane Grace .
Amazing Transparent Man was a pop punk band on the Springman Records label from 1997 to 2004 .
SIBA Book Award is an American South literary award given by the Southern Independent Booksellers Alliance ( SIBA ) , first awarded in 1999 .
Risk International , founded in 1986 , is a risk management consulting firm .
The launch of the BharatBenz brand was announced on February 17 , 2011 at Chennai by Daimler AG Chairman Dieter Zetsche and the first BharatBenz truck was unveiled on January 4 , 2012 at the Delhi Auto Expo .
In 1997 Brennan Gilmore of Lexington , Virginia gathered together musicians from his hometown and from the University of Virginia , where he was studying international relations , to create the band Walker 's Run .
TVP1 was launched August 1939/25 October 1952 ( tests ) , January 1953 ( regular programming ) .
The McClurg Museum has been the home of Chautauqua County Historical Society since 1951 .
Eden 's Bridge came into existence in 1993 , born from a number of musical sessions by siblings , Sarah and Richard Lacy .
The party was established in the autumn of 1993 by merger of three women 's groups , the Union of Women of Russia ( the dominant force ) , the Association of Russia 's Women Entrepreneurs and the Union of Women of the Navy .
In April 2003 , Acesa Infraestructures , a business founded in 1967 as Autopistas Conceionaria Española S.A. , merged with Aurea Concessiones de Infraestructures , a business founded in 1971 as Autopistas de Mare Nostrum ( into which Dragados had spun off its own toll roads ) , to form Abertis .
The Philosopher Kings ( 1994 ) Gold in Canada Famous , Rich and Beautiful ( 1997 ) Platinum in Canada One Night Stand ( 1999 , live album ) Castles ( 2006 )
`` Ukrainskiy Retail '' was established on 13 September 2006 .
A former Bender Qassim University institution , East Africa University was established in 1999 in Bosaso by a group of Somali educators .
Guardian Bank was established in 1992 as Euro Finance Limited , a non - bank financial institution .
Sana Commerce was founded in 2008 and is a subsidiary of ISM eCompany , which was founded by Jan Kees de Jager and Karel van der Woude in 1992 .
Sonia Clayton founded Virtual Intelligence Providers , L.L.C. , also known as VIP , September 30 , 2001 .
The District of Alberta was one of four districts of the Northwest Territories created in 1882 .
WLAJ began broadcasting on October 13 , 1990 , operating from a converted appliance store .
The Prague Chamber Choir ( Pražský komorní sbor ) is a Czech choir founded in 1990 by singers of the Prague Philharmonic Choir .
Relative Insight was founded in 2012 and is a privately held company with offices in London and Lancaster .
The station , established in 2010 , is owned and operated by White Park Broadcasting , Inc. KROW broadcasts an Active Rock music format .
Thaurorod is a symphonic power metal band from Hyvinkää , Finland , formed in 2002 .
The Japan Society of Scotland , founded in 1986 , is an organisation formed to enhance friendship , goodwill , and cooperation between Scotland and Japan .
The new station was assigned the call letters WKNG - FM by the FCC on March 2 , 2005 .
After several extensions , WLJR received its license to cover from the FCC on June 4 , 1998 .
Sky Italia was founded in July 2003 by the merger of TELE+ and Stream TV .
The Shifting Baselines Ocean Media Project was founded by scientist turned filmmaker , Dr. Randy Olson in 2002 , with the modus operandi of communicating the gradual declining state of our oceans to a broad audience through the use of comedy / humor and Hollywood Celebrity .
Founded by Hildegard Letbetter , a native of Cologne , Germany , in 1988 , and online since the late 1990s , Creator Mundi began as a religious gift store in Littleton , Colorado though it soon diversified adding wholesale and now distributes through over 450 gift stores and Religious Art galleries in the United States .
Negramaro is an Italian pop band formed in 1999 and successful since 2005 .
The Ministry of Cooperatives , Labour , and Social Welfare ( Persian : وزارت تعاون، کار و رفاه اجتماعی ایران‎ ) is an Iranian government body responsible for the oversight of Cooperative business , regulation and implementation of policies applicable to labour and social affairs and oversight of Social security in Iran that formed on 3 August 2011 .
On March 2006 , KDDG changed from oldies as `` Fun Lovin 105.5 '' to a country format , simulcasting KLCI 106.1 `` Bob 106 '' , in Elk River , MN .
DMPI launched its wireless service , known as Sun Cellular , in March 2003 .
The China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation ( CFPA ) ( Chinese : 中国扶贫基金会 ) is a Chinese non - governmental organization ( NGO ) founded in March 1989 .
The teams in the first tournament , 2013 - -14 UEFA Youth League , played a group stage with the same composition and calendar as the 2013 - -14 UEFA Champions League group stage , and was held on a ' trial basis ' .
Puget Sound Soccer Academy Rapids ( more commonly known as PSSA Rapids ) was an American soccer team , founded in 2001 .
The Slate Group is a US online publishing entity established in June 2008 by Graham Holdings Company .
The Bengali Movement Theatre is a unique and a collaborative complex style of the post modern performing and visual arts , which was created by Dr Mukid Choudhury in 1997 .
Frontman Jon Chang on the history of the band : `` Discordance Axis was a three piece grind core band that started in NJ around 1992 .
Big D and the Kids Table is a ska punk band formed in October 1995 in Boston , Massachusetts when its members converged in college .
Surendra Institute of Engineering & Management is a Graduate Engineering and Management College established in the year 2009 in Siliguri , West Bengal , India , under the aegis of a charitable society Bidya Bharati Foundation .
The Weather Station is a Canadian folk music band fronted by Tamara Lindeman , formed in 2006 .
The Horribly Awfuls were a Canadian cowpunk band formed in 2002 in Winnipeg .
Mavish.com was founded in 2013 by Tomas Dueñas Uribe ( who is also the cofounder of Carros.com.co ) , Mavish is headquartered in Bogotá .
Syr - Darya Oblast ( Russian : Сырдарьинская область ; 1867 - -1897 ) was one of the oblasts of the Russian Empire was part of Russian Turkistan .
Prior to March 2010 , EMPG owned the legacy Riverdeep and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt businesses , which it acquired in 2006 and 2007 , respectively .
Prince Balthasar Charles as a Hunter is a 1635 portrait of Balthasar Charles , Prince of Asturias by Velázquez .
Tarnogsky Gorodok has been first mentioned in the chronicles in 1453 .
Equestrian Portrait of the Duke of Lerma is a 1603 portrait of Francisco Gómez de Sandoval , 1st Duke of Lerma by Rubens , now in the Prado in Madrid .
Shyne Factory is a Canadian progressive rock band that was formed in 1992 in Halifax by Shawn Scott and twin brothers Mike and Matt Johnson .
It was renamed the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization in 1993 , and then renamed the Missile Defense Agency in 2002 .
The Janata Party ( JP or JNP ) ( translation : People 's Party ) was an amalgam of Indian political parties opposed to the State of Emergency that was imposed between 1975 and 1977 by the government of India under the prime ministership of Indira Gandhi and her party , the Indian National Congress ( R ) .
Inspell is a Bulgarian avant - garde symphonic black metal band , formed in the beginning of 2003 by Nikolay Velev and Stanislav Georgiev .
The International Short Film Festival Oberhausen , founded in 1954 , is one of the oldest short film festivals in the world and one of the major international platforms for the short form .
The Mahler Chamber Orchestra is a professional touring chamber orchestra founded by Claudio Abbado and former members of the Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra in 1997 .
On Aug 8 , 2005 , Spirit AeroSystems announced that Ulrich R. ( Rick ) Schmidt had joined the company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , reporting to Jeffrey Turner , President and CEO .
The Heralds of the Gospel is an International Association of Pontifical Right , the first established by the Holy See in the third millennium , on the liturgical feast of the Chair of St. Peter , February 22 , 2001 .
SecureWare Inc. , founded in 1986 developed software and encryption technology for securing Unix - based operating systems .
Siri Music Group began in 2006 ventured from producer / songwriter Chauncy Jackson .
Volta Redonda Futebol Clube , Volta Redonda or simply by its nickname Voltaço , as they are usually called , is a Brazilian football team from Volta Redonda in Rio de Janeiro , founded on February 9 , 1976 .
Bas - Rhin is one of the original 83 departments created on 4 March 1790 , during the French Revolution .
Electronic Chart Centre AS is Norwegian government enterprise created in 1999 to create and publish nautical charts for use by ships and boats .
Late in 1999 , after floundering for sometime in the local music scene , Field Mob was signed to Southern House Records , a small independent label , recording the single Project Dreamz .
Bay Lake Tower at Disney 's Contemporary Resort , commonly known as Bay Lake Tower , is a Disney Vacation Club resort located at the Walt Disney World Resort , opened in 2009 .
The American National Ballet was a ballet company based in Duluth , Minnesota , founded by Armando Maldonado in 2001 .
Khatyrka is one of the oldest settlements in Anadyrsky district , having been founded around 1756 .
The Family Cat were a British independent band , formed in Stoke Newington , London in 1988 .
My Dying Bride are an English doom metal band formed in Bradford , England in 1990 .
Bedroom Community is an Icelandic record label / collective which was created in 2006 by producer Valgeir Sigurðsson , alongside fellow artists Nico Muhly and Ben Frost , later adding more artists to the roster .
Payable on Death ( abbreviated as P.O.D. ) is an American Christian metal band formed in 1992 .
The Swedish Hockey Association was founded in 1973 as interest in field hockey in Sweden increased substantially following the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich .
Caribbean Airlines was incorporated in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago on 27 September 2006 .
Sarcos was founded in 1983 by current head Stephen Jacobsen and operated principally as a bioengineering research institution .
The Society of Archbishop Justus ( SoAJ ) is a non - profit corporation founded in 1996 and incorporated in 1997 with the stated `` purpose of using the Internet to foster and further unity among Christians , especially Anglicans . ''
The Croatian Defence Forces ( Croatian : Hrvatske obrambene snage , HOS ) were the military arm of the Croatian Party of Rights ( HSP ) from 1991 to 1992 , during the first stages of the Yugoslav wars .
The first Russian Navy base , Taganrog was officially founded by Peter the Great on September 12 , 1698 and hosted the Azov Flotilla of Catherine the Great ( 1770 - -1783 ) .
Slim Cessna 's Auto Club is an American country music band , originally formed in 1992 in Denver , Colorado .
China Resources Power Holdings Company Limited ( SEHK : 836 ) , or China Resources Power , was incorporated and registered in Hong Kong in 2001 .
Down Peninsula Audio was formed in Detroit , Michigan around 2002 and released records by The Holy Fire , Leaving Rouge , Heads Will Roll , Inside Five Minutes and Thoughts of Ionesco .
Escola Superior de Propaganda e Marketing ( School of Higher Education in Advertising and Marketing ) , often referred to as ESPM , is a Brazilian private higher education institution , founded in 1951 in São Paulo , by professionals in Advertising and Marketing .
Vilmorin was founded as a plant and seed boutique in 1743 by seed expert Claude Geoffroy and her husband Pierre Andrieux , the chief seed supplier and botanist to King Louis XV .
Founded in 1985 , Prosoft Engineering Inc. is a software manufacturer developing data recovery software for the Mac and PC .
The Autorité Portuaire Nationale ( APN ) is a port district established in 1985 placed under the trusteeship of the secretariat of State of Finance of Economic Affairs .
Possum Dixon was an American rock band , which existed between 1989 and 1999 .
Terminal Cheesecake are an English alternative rock band , originally formed by Gary Boniface ( formerly of The Purple Things and The Vibes ) , Russell Smith ( formerly of A.R.Kane and MARRS ) , Mick Parkin and John Jobbagy ( also from The Vibes and Purple Things ) in 1988 in North and East London .
The Syretsko - Pecherska Line ( Ukrainian : Сирецько-Печерська лінія , Syret’ko - Pechers’ka liniia ) is third line of the Kiev Metro , first opened in 1989 .
Music Minus One was begun in 1950 , by Irv Kratka , a 24-year - old college student .
Taiyuan University of Technology can have its history traced all the way back to Western Learning School of National Shanxi Grand Academy , which was established in 1902 as one of the earliest universities in china .
The official formation of the Pirate Party in the UK followed shortly after the European Elections and the Pirate Party UK was officially registered on 30 July 2009 .
PTV Bolan was launched on August 14 , 2005 , by then Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz .
Itzacon Eire was founded in 2005 by Anita Murray , then Auditor of the Society .
The Galician Ecologist Movement ( Galician : Movimento Ecoloxista Galego ) , also known as MEG , is an inactive Galician political party founded in 1983 by Constantino Rábade .
World Genseiryū Karatedō Federation ( WGKF ) is an international karate organization established in 2003 .
Domenica is a popular Greek rock band that was formed in Athens , in 1994 .
Kokopelli Seed Foundation was created in December 2003 by Dominique Guillet to build a link from Europe 's Association Kokopelli to North America , the purpose of Association Kokopelli being to provide access to open - pollinated seeds , as a way to alleviate hunger and promote sustainable food security .
In 2014 , Keysight was spun off of Agilent Technologies , bringing with it the product lines focused on electronics and radio , leaving Agilent with the chemical and bio - analytical products .
Alvacast was a heavy metal band formed in Uruguay in 1985 .
Yuzhmashavia ( Ukrainian : Авіаційна транспортна компанія `` Южмашавіа '' , Air Transport Company Yuzmashavia ) is an airline based in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine , in eastern Europe , and was established in 1985 .
The Chattanooga Public Library ( est . 1905 ) of Chattanooga , Tennessee , is a municipal public library overseen by the city government .
The Tax Revolt Party ( TR ) is a minor political party in the United States founded in Nassau County , New York in 2009 .
By 1998 , the line - up had Matt Marriage ( bass ) and Paul White ( drums ) , and the band had been renamed Season 's End .
Global Radio is a British media company formed in 2007 , which owns a large number of radio stations across the country .
The station began as KHRW on September 1 , 2006 .
The Dixie Bee - Liners are an American Bluegrass group , formed in New York City in 2002 by Buddy Woodward and Brandi Hart .
The Chinese Medical Doctor Association ( CDMA ) is a non - profit organization founded in 2002 .
The Jada Kings were an American rock and roll band formed in Minneapolis , Minnesota in 2006 .
Nicktoonsters was a short - lived television channel in the United Kingdom , which launched on 18 August 2008 on Sky .
Crane Meadows National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1992 to preserve a large , natural wetland complex .
World Deaf Badminton Championships are organized since 2003 .
Atom on Sphere is a Japanese supergroup formed in 2011 , combining rock and electronic music .
Run Kid Run is a Christian pop / rock band from Carmi , Illinois and Morganfield , Kentucky , formed in 2006 .
Vehículos Automotores Mexicanos S.A. ( VAM ) was a Mexican automaker from 1946 to 1989 .
In 1953 the Rugby Football Union of East Africa ( RFUEA ) was created in order to take over the mantle as the umbrella organisation for rugby in the region .
Survival International is a human rights organisation formed in 1969 that campaigns for the rights of indigenous tribal peoples and uncontacted peoples .
K45EB first signed on October 10 , 1995 .
The roots of the club go back to the formation of VfB Sangerhausen in 1906 .
The 24 Hours of LeMons , founded by author / editor Jay Lamm , began in 2006 as a progression of an earlier San Francisco , California event , the Double 500 , which was a 500-kilometer road rally for US$ 500 vehicles .
The Atlas Aircraft Corporation of South Africa ( also known as Atlas Aviation ) was established in 1965 to manufacture a number of sophisticated military aircraft and avionics equipment for the South African Air Force , as well as for export .
The IberoAmerican Federation of Mutual Funds was formally founded in 2007 , to integrate the mutual funds industry in the Mexico region .
The Flint Institute of Arts was established in 1928 by leaders in the community who wanted a place where students could pursue art courses and the community could enjoy exhibitions .
The Premier Automotive Group ( PAG ) was an organizational division within the Ford Motor Company formed in 1999 to oversee the business operations of Ford 's high - end automotive marques .
Following a complicated refurbishment process , the `` Ferreyra Palace Fine Arts Museum '' opened its doors on October 17 , 2007 ; political considerations led to the institution 's redesignation that December as the Evita Fine Arts Museum , in homage to the influential former Argentine First Lady , Evita Perón .
The Sydney Metropolitan Women 's Rugby League started in 2005 after the former competition folded in 2001 .
Carbonized were a Swedish death metal band formed 1988 in Saltsjöbaden .
The Emmanuel Schools Foundation ( ESF ) is a charitable trust which has been involved in education since 1989 .
Whisper Loud was a Christian girl pop group , which formed in Seiling , Oklahoma , in 1997 , and marketed as a Christian alternative to Spice Girls and Britney Spears .
The Tour d'Indonesia is an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Java , Indonesia since 2004 .
Haandbryggeriet is a Norwegian brewery founded in 2005 by Jens Maudal , Rune Eriksen , Arne Eide and Egil Hilde .
Top Combine officially debuted in October 2008 with a performance of their first single `` Arrival '' .
Soft Skull Press is an independent book publisher founded by Sander Hicks in 1992 , and run by Richard Eoin Nash from 2001 to 2009 , and Denise Oswald from 2009 to 2010 .
The financial problems of the parent company forced the CofG into bankruptcy , and it was sold at foreclosure three years later , being reorganized as the Central of Georgia Railway on November 1 , 1895 .
The Nightowls are an American musical group from Austin , Texas formed in 2011 .
The Slashtones ( also known as `` Harry Slash & The Slashtones '' ) are an American musical group , formed in 1993 by New York native Harry Slash under the name `` Harry & The Slashtones '' .
The Rally of the Togolese People ( French : Rassemblement du Peuple Togolais , RPT ) was the ruling political party in Togo from 1969 to 2012 .
SkyAirWorld first came to the attention of the aviation industry in Australia when it issued a Press Release on 2 October 2006 announcing its intentions .
The Blue Method is a musical band formed in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ( U.S. ) in 2001 by musicians Mike Patriarca and Tom Long ( sax ) .
Founded in 1997 , DataSage was bought by Vignette Corporation in 2000 .
The station has been assigned the WWGC call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since April 24 , 2002 .
Awaken the Empire was founded in 2009 in Seattle , Washington by singer - songwriter Damien Lawson .
Americans for the Arts was founded in 1996 as a result of the merger between the National Assembly of Local Arts Agencies ( NALAA ) and the American Council for the Arts ( ACA ) .
The Litchfield Jazz Festival began in 1996 at the White Memorial Conservation Center in Litchfield Hills in Connecticut .
Chromeo is a Canadian electro - funk duo from Montreal , formed in 2002 by musicians David `` Dave 1 '' Macklovitch and Patrick `` P - Thugg '' Gemayel .
The SAR Philharmonic Orchestra ( SARPO , formerly the SAR Ensemble ) is a symphony orchestra based in Hong Kong , founded in 1999 by Dr Y.K. Wong .
HEARDing Cats Collective is a St Louis based organization dedicated to the promotion of artists founded by Rich O’Donnell and Anna Lum , Mike Murphy , and Ryan Harris in 2009 .
The Punters Club started in 1987 with the taking over , renaming , and renovation of the Moonee Valley Hotel as a live - music venue .
Yoma Bank was founded in May 1993 by entrepreneur Serge Pun of the First Myanmar Investment Company ( FMI ) .
The Maldivian Medical Association was founded on 16 October 2005 in the Maldives as the first independent body representing Maldives medical doctors .
Raffles Hotels & Resorts was formed in 1989 to restore , redevelop and manage the Raffles Hotel .
Show of Strength Theatre Company is a Bristol based theatre company which has produced new and forgotten works since 1986 in a range of venues in Bristol and the South West .
Lanson - BCC is an organization resulting from the merger in 2006 between Lanson International and the Boizel Chanoine Champagne Group ( BCC ) .
Sucra was a defunct Norwegian holding company that was created in 2001 to own the alcoholic beverage producer and importer Arcus after it had been privatized .
The Sunny Cowgirls is an Australian country music group formed in 2005 .
The National Biography Award , established in Australia in 1996 , is awarded for the best published work of biographical or autobiographical writing by an Australian .
The New Orleans Voodoo Spiritual Temple was established in New Orleans , Louisiana in May 1990 by Priest Oswan Chamani and Priestess Miriam Chamani .
Nexus 21 was a British techno duo from Stafford , England formed in 1989 , by Mark Archer and Chris Peat , who would go on to become Altern 8 .
Founded in 2005 , the Aspen Ideas Festival ( AIF ) is a week - long event held in Aspen , Colorado in the United States .
On January 15 , 1993 the 6th Alpini Regiment was reformed and the `` Bassano '' became its single battalion .
The first Officeworks store opened in the inner city suburb of Richmond in Melbourne on the 16th of June 1994 .
Constituted as the 615th Air Mobility Operations Group Activated on 22 July 1994 Redesignated 615th Contingency Response Wing on 11 April 2005 Inactivated on 31 May 2012
Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board came into existence in the year 1966 , has been conducting SSLC and other examinations .
The Chinmaya Mission was established in India in 1953 by devotees of the renowned Vedanta teacher Swami Chinmayananda .
The Treviso Marathon was launched in 2004 and an initiative where any runner completing the distance under six hours received free entrance saw the race attract over 3000 runners , placing it as the fifth largest marathon in Italy that year .
Guy Motors operated out of its Fallings Park factory from 1914 to 1982 , playing an important role in the development of the British motor industry .
Eighteen years later , on January 4 , 1993 , following numerous applications and several court cases , WFHB began broadcasting in a former city fire station in downtown Bloomington .
Team Dynamik was an Australian motor racing team that competed in Australian V8 Supercar racing between 2001 and 2005 .
Chartboost was launched in 2011 by Maria Alegre ( CEO ) and Sean Fannan ( CTO ) .
The Norwegian Society for Sea Rescue ( Norwegian : Redningsselskapet or Norsk Selskab til Skibbrudnes Redning ) was founded on 9 July 1891 .
Refused is a Swedish hardcore punk band originating from Umeå and formed in 1991 .
Pixar Canada was founded in 2009 and officially opened on April 20 , 2010 in Gastown area of Vancouver , British Columbia .
The Chalets were a five - piece band from Dublin , Ireland , active from 2001 to 2008 .
Teekampagne was founded in Berlin in 1985 by Günter Faltin , entrepreneur and professor of entrepreneurship at the Freie Universität Berlin .
Au Pair in America was established in 1986 and was the first organization to be designated by the United States government to offer a legal au pair program .
After being awarded the PAL program in 2006 , IHG Army Hotels began the first phase of the PAL takeover in 2009 with hotels on 10 posts .
In response to the crisis facing orphaned children around the world , former investment bank employee Jim Luce founded Orphans International in 1999 .
The Compagnie Industrielle d'Applications Thermiques , or CIAT Group , is an HVAC equipment manufacturer , founded in 1934 .
It was reorganized in 1902 as the Louisiana and Arkansas Railway .
The NEW Lighting Industry Association was formed on January 1 , 2012 , from the merging of the Lighting Industry Federation and the Lighting Association .
The Association of Teachers of Mathematics ( ATM ) was established by Caleb Gattegno in 1950 to encourage the development of mathematics education to be more closely related to the needs of the learner .
Latent Apparel started back in 2006 , their T - shirts were geared towards the Haitian Community .
The Ansbach Grizzlies date back to the 3 April 1979 , when an information session on the sport was held by Erich Grau and Uli Sorge , after which fifteen players ordered their football gear and formed a team .
K College was a college of Further Education ( FE ) and Higher Education ( HE ) with facilities across Kent , formed in April 2010 , by the merger of South Kent College with West Kent College .
The Centro de Fotografía Isla de Tenerife ( Photo Center Tenerife Island ) is located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife ( Spain ) and was created in 1989 .
In 2013 a new bank named `` Continental Bank of Canada '' was chartered .
Lead or Leave ( also known as Lead ... or Leave ) was an American grassroots political action group from 1992 to 1995 .
The airline began in 1995 when it incorporated as `` Planet Airways , Inc. , '' a startup airline seeking FAA Part 121 certification .
InfraGard began in the Cleveland , Ohio , Field Office in 1996 , and has since expanded to become a national - level program , with InfraGard coordinators in every FBI field office .
SunOpta , Inc. is a multi - national food and mineral company headquartered in Canada and founded in 1973 .
Casuals United were formed in reaction to protests by some Muslims in Luton , reportedly organised by the Islamist group Al - Muhajiroun , against a parade of members of the 2nd Battalion Royal Anglian Regiment returning from fighting in the war in Afghanistan in March 2009 .
Orca Airways is a family - owned airline which was founded in January 2005 , where it began operations in July 2005 .
Melbourne City Opera , based in Melbourne , Australia , was formed in 1997 .
The Saudi High Commission for Relief of Bosnia and Herzegovina was a charity organization founded in 1993 by then Prince Salman of Saudi Arabia and supported by King Fahd .
The Big Bash League ( BBL , also known as the KFC Big Bash League for sponsorship reasons ) is an Australian domestic Twenty20 cricket tournament , which was established in 2011 by Cricket Australia .
Mitch Lowe joined Redbox in 2003 after spending five years as a cofounder of Netflix .
Founded in 1836 and based in New York , American Banker has approximately 50 reporters and editors in six U.S. cities who monitor developments and breaking news affecting banks .
Massdrop is an electronic commerce company and website established in 2012 .
On 30 March 2013 , the Murrawarri Republic released a declaration announcing its independence .
Alexion Pharmaceuticals was founded in 1992 at Science park in New Haven , Connecticut by Leonard Bell .
Exultate Singers was founded in September 2002 by David Ogden to sing a live broadcast of Sunday Worship on BBC Radio 4 .
Nakhon Phanom University ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยนครพนม ) was established in 2005 by combining the existing tertiary schools of Nakhon Phanom Province :
Institute of Economics and Management ( ECOMEN ) ( Estonian : Majanduse ja Juhtimise Instituut ) was a private university in Estonia from 1993 to 2013 .
Den Saakaldte is a Norwegian black metal supergroup , founded in 2006 by Mikael Sykelig , featuring members of Shining , 1349 and Dødheimsgard , among others .
Wessex ( /ˈwɛsᵻks/ ; Old English : Westseaxna rīce , `` kingdom of the West Saxons '' ) was an Anglo - Saxon kingdom in the south of Great Britain , from 519 until England was unified by Æthelstan in the early 10th century .
In 1993 Donald Triggs and Allan Jackson founded Mississauga - based company Vincor Canada which began to produce Jackson - Triggs wine .
Last Days of Humanity is a Dutch goregrind band , which was active from 1989 until 2006 , and reformed in 2010 .
In February 2008 it was announced that Silver Screen will merge with its rival Multikino .
The books and other memorabilia distributed by Christo and Jeanne - Claude refer to the project as The Gates , Central Park , New York , 1979 - -2005 in reference to the time that passed from the artists ' initial proposal until they were able to go ahead with it .
The business was founded during spring 2007 , more specifically , during the month of April , by the Atwill - Morin brothers .
The Spicy Effect , commonly referred to as Spicy or Spicy Music , is a Greek independent record label founded in 2009 by songwriter and record producer Phoebus , in association with the investment arm of Nea Tileorasi .
Maire Tecnimont was formed in 2005 by Maire Holding 's acquisition of Tecnimont .
Mint Records is a Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada - based independent record label founded in January 1991 , by friends and campus radio enthusiasts Randy Iwata and Bill Baker .
Wavorly formed in 2001 under the name Freshmen 15 , and independently released two albums under this name .
La Bulaqueña , literally `` the woman from Bulacan '' or `` the Bulacan woman '' , also sometimes referred to as Una Bulaqueña ( `` a woman from Bulacan '' ) , is the Spanish title of an 1895 painting by Filipino painter and hero Juan Novicio Luna .
The Psycho Realm is an American hip hop group started in 1989 by brothers Sick Jacken ( Jack Gonzalez ) and Big Duke ( Gustavo Gonzalez ) from the Downtown , Pico - Union area of Los Angeles .
The PowerColor brand was established in 1997 by the TUL corporation , based in New Taipei , Taiwan .
The New Cars were a band formed in 2005 with two of the original members of the 1970s/1980s new wave band The Cars .
The Teka Group is a multinational company founded in Germany in 1924 and engaged in the manufacture and commercialisation of kitchen and bath products , ceramic glazes , industrial containers and professional kitchens .
SIC Internacional is SIC 's international channel , which officially launched in September 1997 in France and has since expanded throughout the world .
The Academy of Clinical Thyroidologists ( ACT ) was founded in May 2005 at the annual meeting of the Association of Clinical Endocrinologists ( AACE ) in Washington DC . The Academy is a professional society consisting of 32 members from the U.S. and Italy who specialize in clinical thyroidology .
Islam Channel began broadcasting on March 2004 on Sky Digital channel 836 , but subsequently moved to channel 813 , then to 806 .
Diamond Select Toys was founded in 1999 by sister company Diamond Comics Distributors to create collectibles for children and adults , and has since licensed a variety of pop culture properties , including Marvel Comics , Star Wars , Star Trek , Transformers , Ghostbusters , Halo , G.I. Joe :
Allanridge established as a settlement in 1947 and was named after Allan Roberts whose borehole 's proximity to the gold bearing reef was the precursor to the mining in the area .
Italian East Africa ( Italian : Africa Orientale Italiana ) was an Italian colony established on May 9 , 1936 .
HotKid is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2005 from Cambridge , Ontario , Canada .
Exto Partners was founded in 2003 by William Deane , a former lawyer with Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom , and Peter Hammond , a former management consultant with BearingPoint .
Starting as the Community Bike Ride in 2009 , the ride eventually became Ride Do n't Hide in 2012 after a ride of the same name by Michael Schratter .
The suburb of Brackenfell has been established in 1913 ( the name `` Bracken '' refers to an indigenous fern ) .
The area that encompasses the Mount Loretto Unique Area was purchased from the Archdiocese of New York by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation in 1999 .
For additional history and lineage , see United States Air Forces in Europe The history of Eighth Air Force begins on 2 January 1942 with its activation at Savannah Air Base , Georgia .
The Australian Fishing and Lifestyle Party ( AFLP ) was a minor Australian political party , formed in 2006 from the Queensland branch of the Fishing Party and federally registered in 2007 .
Ted Baker 's founder and CEO , Ray Kelvin , started his first store in March 1988 in Glasgow , and opened further stores in Manchester , Plymouth , and Nottingham .
On 1 January 2007 Skanderborg municipality was , as the result of Kommunalreformen ( `` The Municipal Reform '' of 2007 ) , merged with Galten , Ry , and Hørning municipalities , along with Voerladegård Parish from Brædstrup municipality , to form the present , expanded `` Skanderborg Municipality '' .
Abudwak Maternity and Children 's Hospital officially took form in July 2009 .
Sharon Shy and Toppy founded The Ropes as a duo in 2005 .
Since 1997 its official name has been Akcja Wyborcza Solidarność Prawicy ( AWSP ) or Solidarity Electoral Action of the Right .
Samsung Heavy Industries was established in 1974 , when the company 's Changwon plant was opened .
Helibras was founded 1 January 1978 in Sao Jose dos Campos , Sao Paulo state .
Supporters of the federal Reform Party registered the `` Reform Party of Ontario '' name in 1989 , and re - registered it in 1994 .
O&O Software GmbH was established in 1997 in Berlin , Germany by Oliver Falkenthal and Olaf Kehrer .
The Wichita Falls Texans were a minor league basketball team in the Continental Basketball Association from 1988 - 1994 .
The Sony Alpha 99 was announced by Sony on 12 September 2012 .
The New York State Writers Hall of Fame or NYS Writers Hall of Fame is a project established in 2010 by the Empire State Center for the Book and the Empire State Book Festival and headquartered at the New York State Library in Albany , New York .
Death by Stereo ( also referred to as D. B. S. ) is a hardcore punk band formed in Orange County , California circa 1998 by frontman Efrem Schulz .
The Black is a rock band from Austin , Texas that formed in 2002 when singer / songwriter David Longoria began collaborating with drummer Andy Morales .
Construction on Scandinavium began in 1969 after decades of setbacks , and was inaugurated on 18 May 1971 .
Vietnam Veterans Against John McCain is a 527 Political Action Committee formed in 1997 .
Disappointed by the Democratic Progressive Party 's ( DPP ) gradual moderation of its support of Taiwan independence , some DPP members , many connected to Peng Ming - min 's `` Nation Building Association '' formed the Taiwan Independence Party in 1996 .
Risque Disque is a Canadian independent record label , established in 1985 .
Banco Intercontinental was created in 1986 by Ramón Báez Romano , a businessman and former Industry Minister .
Previously an oldies station , in early 2010 WYCY changed its name to Classic Hits 105.3 and now features more uptempo rock music then it did previously .
In 1964 , Superdrug was incorporated under the name of ′Leading Supermarkets Limited′ by the Goldstein brothers in London , both of whom had experience working in the grocery retail industry .
International Wrestling Association of Japan , more commonly known as IWA Japan , was a Japanese professional wrestling promotion operating from 1994 to 1996 and again from 2011 onwards .
Founded in January 2007 , The Emergency Room ( Strathcona ) emerged from Vancouver 's DIY music scene and has been used as a practice space , art studio , gallery , and performance venue for touring and local acts .
University College of Bahrain ( UCB ; Arabic : كلية البحرين الجامعية‎ ) is a private university located in Bahrain established in 2002 .
The PVDE was transformed in the PIDE in 1945 .
Ploshchad 1905 Goda ( Russian : Площадь 1905 года ) is a station of the Yekaterinburg Metro which was opened on 22 December 1994 .
Rikki & Daz , was a pop music duo , formed in 2002 by John Matthews and Daz Sampson .
The Noble Society of Celts , founded in 1993 , is an American hereditary society of persons with `` Celtic roots '' and interests , who are of noble and/or royal title and `` gentle birth '' , and who have come together in a search for , and celebration of , things Celtic .
After two years of construction , the Pennsauken Transit Center opened on October 14 , 2013 .
Big Japan 's first release , Music for Dummies , was digitally released through Nightshift Records on August 23 , 2005 .
The Thyssen - Bornemisza Museum officially opened in 1992 , showing 715 works of art . A year later , the Spanish Government bought 775 works for $ 350 million .
Bedeutung was started in May 2007 .
The Michigan City White Caps were a minor league baseball team that played in Michigan City , Indiana from 1956 to 1959 .
A Cry Farewell is an American rap metal / nu metal band formed in Cincinnati , Ohio in 2009 .
In August 2003 , Medco Health Solutions , Inc. became an independent company in one of the largest domestic spin - offs at the time .
Uppsala University ( Swedish : Uppsala universitet ) is a research university in Uppsala , Sweden , and is the oldest university in Sweden and all of the Nordic countries , founded in 1477 .
The Chimei Museum has offered reproductions such as canvas posters , simulating sculptures made from bonded marble powder , stationery items and many classic CD recordings performed by top Taiwanese musicians on the rare instruments from the Chi Mei Collection since 1997 .
The channel launched on 1 January 1997 as NTV International , before rebranding as RTVi in 2002 .
Congo Grille was established in 1999 by Kenneth Sytin and his brothers .
Tommy Douglas Secondary School ( TDSS ) is a secondary education facility in Woodbridge , Ontario , Canada that opened on 3 February 2015 .
Faysal Bank Limited ( FBL ) was incorporated in Pakistan on October 3 , 1994 , as a public limited company under the Companies Ordinance , 1984 .
The Family Firm Institute ( FFI ) , was founded in 1986 .
Suntrip Records was set up in the summer of 2004 by Fabien `` Mars '' Marsaud , one of the founders of the Psynews.org website and Joske `` Anoebis '' Vranken , a Belgian DJ and party - organiser .
Social Democratic Hungarian Civic Party ( Hungarian : Szociáldemokraták Magyar Polgári Pártja , shortened form Soc Dems ) was a Hungarian social - democratic political party , formed on 26 May 2013 , and led by Andor Schmuck .
Royal Hunt was founded in 1989 by keyboardist Andre Andersen .
The A.J. Izod of London clothing company was introduced to the USA in 1938 .
HealthSouth was incorporated in Birmingham , Alabama as a Delaware company on February 22 , 1984 as Amcare , Inc. by its founder Richard M. Scrushy .
Nücken and Brückner met in 2006 in Cologne and formed Mrs. Greenbird .
From 2009 until April 2 , 2012 , WQTL aired an oldies / classic hits format as `` Q106.1 . ''
The Young Britons ' Foundation , abbreviated to YBF , is a British conservative not - for - profit training , education and research think - tank , established in July 2003 to `` help train tomorrow 's centre - right leaders and activists today '' .
Arya Samaj ( Sanskrit ārya samāja आर्य समाज `` Noble Society '' Hindi आर्य समाज , Punjabi ਆਰੀਆ ਸਮਾਜ , Gujarati આર્ય સમાજ ) is an Indian religious reform movement founded by Swami Dayananda on 7 April 1875 .
The Tuxtla Statuette is particularly notable in that its glyphs include the Mesoamerican Long Count calendar date of March 162 CE , which in 1902 was the oldest Long Count date discovered .
The Journal of World - Systems Research ( JWSR ) is a biannual , open access , peer - reviewed academic journal in the field of world - systems analysis , established in 1995 by founding editor Christopher Chase - Dunn .
Melody Fall ( often shortened to MF ) is an Italian pop punk band , that formed in 2003 in Turin .
The Box Comedy was a temporary television channel that was launched in the Netherlands on December 1 , 2006 .
Syd Arthur are an English psychedelic jazz band formed in Canterbury in 2003 by brothers Liam and Joel Magill , Fred Rother and Raven Bush .
Grimmark ( 2007 ) Solo effort by guitar phenom Carl Johan Grimmark , best known for his work with Christian Melodic Metal band Narnia .
Peter Damm ( born 27 July 1937 , Meiningen , Thüringen ) is a German horn player .
Mihály Dresch ( born 1955 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian saxophone player , and one of the most interesting jazz and folk musicians on the current Budapest scene .
Carlos Paredes , ComSE , ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈkaɾluʃ pɐˈɾedɨʃ ) ; February 16 , 1925 -- July 23 , 2004 ) was a virtuoso Portuguese guitar player and composer , born in Coimbra , son of the equally famous Artur Paredes .
Doug Pettibone started to play the guitar at the age of eight .
Anders Griffen is a drummer , composer , and trumpet player from Brooklyn , New York .
Kelvin Underwood ( born March 22 , 1975 ) is an American musician specializing in the drum set and taiko , the art of Japanese drumming .
Nicolao Dorati ( c. 1513 -- February 1593 ) was an Italian composer and trombone player of the Renaissance , active in Lucca .
Adopting the moniker Colonel Bruce Hampton , Retired , and sometimes playing a sort of dwarf guitar called a `` chazoid '' , he later formed several other bands .
Sérgio Dias Baptista Twice Latin Grammy Nominee ( born December 1 , 1950 in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian rock musician , composer and guitar player .
Shlomo Mintz ( Hebrew : שלמה מינץ ) ( born October 30 , 1957 ) is an Israeli violin virtuoso , violist and conductor .
Robbie Merrill ( born June 13 , 1963 in Lawrence , Massachusetts ) is an American bass guitar player , best known for his work with the Hard Rock band Godsmack .
The Brodsky Concerts , premiered in Geneva in September 2010 , pairs the poetry of the Russian Nobel prize winner Joseph Brodsky , recited by Roofthooft , with improvisations at the piano from Kris Defoort to express `` that which is impossible to say with words '' .
Chad Alan ( also known as Chad Monticue ) is a musician , known for providing lead vocals for the band Pensive , and also for playing bass guitar and providing backing vocals for the bands The Juliana Theory Derek White and the Monophobics .
It was custom - made for her by ZETA Music Systems ( who will be producing an `` Eileen Ivers Signature Series '' Blue electric violin exactly like hers ) .
Stuart Chatwood , ( born 22 October 1969 in Fleetwood , Lancashire , England ) is a Canadian musician , best known as the bass guitar and keyboard player for the rock band The Tea Party .
Jimmy Lyon was a guitar prodigy in California 's Central Valley .
Jennifer Paull is an oboe d'amore ( alto oboe ) soloist .
Antoine Chessex is a Swiss composer , saxophone player and sound artist born in 1980 in Vevey ( CH ) .
Carl Öst , ( 19 January 1908 in Alfta Parish -- 13 February 1988 in Ovanåker Parish ) was a Swedish singer and musician playing the violin and guitar .
Arnold Sterling is a Baltimore , Maryland - based player of the saxophone ( soprano , alto and tenor ) , and a prominent part of the Baltimore jazz scene .
Volodymyr Kushpet ( born 1948 ) is an influential Ukrainian baritone singer , and player on torban , kobza , bandura and lira , he is noted for reconstruction of traditional playing techniques on these instruments .
Runar Tafjord ( born December 14 , 1957 in Langevåg , Norway ) is a Norwegian French horn player , brother of the tubaist Stein Erik Tafjord , and uncle of the French horn player Hild Sofie Tafjord .
Ephraim Owens ( born 1972 , Dallas , Texas ) is an American musician , composer , and jazz bandleader who plays trumpet and flugelhorn .
Ole Jacob Hystad ( born 20 July 1960 Stord , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( tenor saxophone and clarinet ) , and the brother of jazz saxophonist Jan Kåre Hystad .
Mike Mosiello ( full name Michele Alphonso Mosiello ) ( December 2 , 1896 -- June 3 , 1953 ) was an Italian - born American trumpet player .
Guillermo Fernández - Shaw Iturralde ( 26 February 1893 - 17 August 1965 ) was a Spanish poet and journalist .
Johann Heinrich Christian Schubart ( 28 February 1800 , Marburg -- 1 May 1885 , Kassel ) was a German classical philologist and librarian .
Mariano Peña García ( born 7 April 1960 ) is a Spanish regular and voice actor , mostly known for his role as Mauricio Colmenero in Aída and Benito Benjumea in Allí abajo .
František Gellner ( 19 June 1881 -- disappeared September 1914 ) was a Czech poet , short story writer , artist and anarchist .
Leoluca Orlando ( born 1 August 1947 ) , is an Italian politician and current Mayor of Palermo .
Bruno Hassenstein ( November 23 , 1839 - August 27 , 1902 ) was a German cartographer born in Ruhla , Thuringia .
Helmut Herbst ( born 2 December 1934 ) is a German film director , producer and screenwriter .
Wilhelm Ulbrich ( September 10 , 1846 -- October 16 , 1922 ) was a German journalist and regional poet of Thuringia .
Israel Galván de los Reyes ( born 1973 in Seville ) is a Spanish flamenco dancer ( bailaor ) and choreographer .
Adoor Bhavani ( Malayalam : അടൂർ ഭവാനി ; 1927 -- 25 October 2009 ) was an Indian actress in Malayalam movies , best known for her appearance in the National Award - winning film Chemmeen ( 1965 ) , directed by Ramu Kariat .
Rémi Brague ( born 8 September 1947 ) is a French historian of philosophy , specializing in the Arabic , Jewish , and Christian thought of the Middle Ages .
Philippe Alexandre Jules Künckel d'Herculais ( 10 February 1843 Paris -- 22 December 1918 Conflans - sur - Oise ) was a French entomologist .
Thomas Selle ( 23 March 1599 -- 2 July 1663 ) was a seventeenth - century German baroque composer .
Roy Hudd , OBE ( born 16 May 1936 ) is an English comedian , actor , radio host , author and authority on the history of music hall entertainment .
Serge Alexandre Stavisky ( 20 November 1886 , Ukraine -- 8 January 1934 , Chamonix ) was a French financier and embezzler whose actions created a political scandal that became known as the Stavisky Affair .
Georges Auric ( French : ( ɔʁik ) ; 15 February 1899 -- 23 July 1983 ) was a French composer , born in Lodève , Hérault .
Edward Smallwood ( 1861 -- 26 February 1939 ) was an English coal merchant and Liberal Party politician .
Pierre Marie Arthur Morelet ( 26 August 1809 -- 9 October 1892 ) was a French naturalist , born in Lays , Doubs .
Hichem Djait ( Tunisian Arabic : هشام جعيط‎ ) , ( December 6 , 1935 - ) is a prominent Tunisian scholar of Islam .
Agustín Moreto y Cavana ( April , 1618 , Madrid -- 28 October 1669 ) , was a Spanish Catholic priest , dramatist and playwright .
Chris Nahon is a French film director best known for directing the films Kiss of the Dragon , Empire of the Wolves , and Blood :
Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot ( French : ( kaʁno ) ; 1 June 1796 -- 24 August 1832 ) was a French military engineer and physicist , often described as the `` father of thermodynamics '' .
Heinz - Josef Fabry ( Winterberg , 14 December 1944 ) is a German Hebraist and deacon of the Catholic Theological Faculty of Bonn University .
François Nau ( May 13 , 1864 at Thil -- September 2 , 1931 at Paris ) was a French Catholic priest , mathematician , Syriacist , and specialist in oriental languages .
Herbert Maisch ( born 10 December 1890 -- in Nürtingen , Württemberg , died 10 October 1974 in Köln ) was a German film director .
Karl Benrath ( 10 August 1845 , Düren -- 21 July 1924 ) was a German church historian .
John Wilkes ( 17 October 1725 -- 26 December 1797 ) was an English radical , journalist , and politician .
Moshe Zilberg ( Hebrew : משה זילברג‎ ) ( 1900 - -1975 ) was a leading Israeli jurist .
Léon - Alexandre Delhomme ( 20 July 1841 , Tournon - sur - Rhône , Ardèche -- 1895 or 1893 , Paris ) was French sculptor .
Vicente Luis Mora ( Córdoba , 1970 ) is a Spanish writer , poet , essayist and literary critic .
John Evelyn , FRS ( 31 October 1620 -- 27 February 1706 ) was an English writer , gardener and diarist .
The name Léonin is derived from `` Leoninus , '' which is the Latin diminutive of the name Leo ; therefore it is likely that Léonin 's given French name was Léo .
Rudolf Matz ( September 19 , 1901 -- March 22 , 1988 ) was a Croatian composer who had written about 500 instrumental and vocal compositions .
Ryke Geerd Hamer ( born 17 May 1935 in Mettmann , Germany ) , a German former physician , is the originator of Germanic New Medicine , also formerly known as German New Medicine and New Medicine , a system of pseudo - medicine that purports to be able to cure cancer .
Ernesto Nathan Rogers ( March 16 , 1909 -- November 7 , 1969 ) was an Italian architect , writer and educator .
Sir William Feilden , 1st Baronet ( 13 March 1772 -- 21 May 1850 ) was an English cotton manufacturer and a Liberal and later Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1832 to 1847 .
Jules Rimet ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒyl ʁimɛ ) ; 14 October 1873 -- 16 October 1956 ) was a French football administrator who was the 3rd President of FIFA , serving from 1921 to 1954 .
James Millingen ( 18 January 1774 -- 1 October 1845 ) , was a Dutch - English archaeologist , now known as a numismatist .
Jean Bernard Léon Foucault ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɑ̃ bɛʁnaʁ leɔ̃ fuko ) ) ( 18 September 1819 -- 11 February 1868 ) was a French physicist best known for his demonstration of the Foucault pendulum , a device demonstrating the effect of the Earth 's rotation .
Carl Ludwig Willdenow ( 22 August 1765 -- 10 July 1812 ) was a German botanist , pharmacist , and plant taxonomist .
Ivan Tors ( born Iván Törzs ; June 12 , 1916 -- June 4 , 1983 ) was a Hungarian playwright , film director , screenwriter , and film and television producer with an emphasis on non - violent but exciting science fiction , underwater sequences , and stories involving animals .
Hubert Egemann ( born Karlsgrund , Kreuzburg 29 August 1929 : died 25 July 1992 ) was a German politician .
Sir Richard Sutton , 1st Baronet ( 31 July 1733 -- 10 January 1802 , died aged 68 ) , of Norwood Park in Nottinghamshire was an English Member of Parliament .
Clementina Panella is an Italian archaeologist , a professor at the University of Rome La Sapienza , where she teaches Methodology of Archaeology .
Sir Edmund Andros ( 6 December 1637 -- 24 February 1714 ) was an English colonial administrator in North America .
Christine Arnothy ( 20 November 1930 -- 6 October 2015 ) was a Budapest - born French writer .
Jörg Schellmann ( born 1944 ) is a German furniture designer and the founder and owner of art publishing company , Schellmann Art ( formerly , Edition Schellmann ) , Munich - New York .
Adela Akers ( born February 7 , 1933 , Santiago de Compostela , Spain ) is a Spanish - born textile artist .
Norbert Erdős ( born October 25 , 1972 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Békés ( Békés County Constituency III ) since 2002 .
Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn ` Uthman ibn Qayyum ` Abu ` Abd Allah Shams ad - Din al - Dhahabi ( Arabic : محمد بن احمد بن عثمان بن قيوم ، أبو عبد الله شمس الدين الذهبي‎ ) , known as Al - Dhahabi ( 1274 - -1348 ) , a Shafi'i Muhaddith and historian of Islam .
Mattei Dogan ( 16 October 1920 -- 10 October 2010 ) was a French political sociologist and senior research officer emeritus of the French National Center for Scientific Research ( CNRS ) and professor emeritus of political science of the University of California , Los Angeles .
Georges Louis Duvernoy ( August 6 , 1777 , Montbéliard , Doubs -- March 1 , 1855 ) was a French zoologist .
Alberto Iglesias Fernández - Berridi ( born San Sebastián , 1955 ) is a Spanish composer .
José Manuel Rodrigues Berardo , ComIH , GCIH ( born 4 July 1944 ) , best known as Joe Berardo , is a Portuguese businessman , stock investor , speculator , and art collector .
Gérard Onesta ( born 5 August 1960 in Albi , Tarn ) is a French politician and was Member of the European Parliament for the South West of France .
Donald Dalrymple ( 1814 - 19 September 1873 ) was an English surgeon and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1873 .
Hovhannes Hisarian ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Հիսարյան , born 1827 Constantinople , Ottoman Turkey - died 1916 Constantinople , Ottoman Turkey ) , was an Armenian writer , novelist , archeologist , editor , and teacher .
Edmond Lévy ( born 1934 ) is a French ancient historian .
Hans Hildenbrand ( 1870 -- 1957 ) was a German photographer who was famous for taking color photographs during World War I. His French counterpart is considered Jules Gervais - Courtellemont .
Najat El Hachmi ( born in Morocco on July 2 , 1979 ) is a Moroccan - Spanish writer .
Antoni Peretiatkowicz ( 1884 - 1956 ) was a Polish legal scholar , considered one of the most prominent legal jurists of twentieth century Poland .
Armand Jammot ( April 4 , 1922 -- April 19 , 1998 ) was a French television producer .
David Kimhi ( Hebrew : דוד קמחי‎ , also Kimchi or Qimḥi ) ( 1160 - -1235 ) , also known by the Hebrew acronym as the RaDaK ( רד``ק ) ( Rabbi David Kimhi ) , was a medieval rabbi , biblical commentator , philosopher , and grammarian .
Eustache de Beaumarchais ( c. 1235 -- 23 August 1294 ) was a French baron and military leader who served as seneschal of the County of Poitou ( 1268 - -76 ) and the County of Toulouse ( 1272 - -94 ) .
Mario Benzing ( December 7 , 1896 in Como -- November 29 , 1958 ) was an Italian novelist and translator of German origins , often forced to sign as Mario Benzi because of the period 's fascist Italian laws .
Philippe - Joseph Salazar ( French : ( salazaʁ ) ) is a French rhetorician and philosopher .
Rudi Supek ( Zagreb , 8 April 1913 -- Zagreb , 2 January 1993 ) was a Croatian sociologist and a member of the Praxis School of Marxism .
Suruli Manohar was a Tamil film actor comedian who appeared in many films and television serials .
François de La Rocque ( 6 October 1885 -- 28 April 1946 ) was the leader of the French right - wing league named the Croix de Feu from 1930 to 1936 before he formed the more moderate nationalist Parti Social Français ( 1936 - -1940 ) , which can be seen as a precursor of Gaullism .
Massimo Bontempelli ( May 12 , 1878 -- July 21 , 1960 ) was an Italian poet , playwright , novelist and composer .
Gustaf Fröding ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈɡɵsˌtav ˈfrøːˌdɪŋ ) ; 22 August 1860 -- 8 February 1911 ) was a Swedish poet and writer , born in Alster outside Karlstad in Värmland .
Carl Michael Bellman ( listen ; 4 February 1740 -- 11 February 1795 ) was a Swedish poet , songwriter , composer and performer .
Juan Eslava Galán ( Arjona , Jaén , March 7 , 1948 ) is a Spanish writer of historic genre , of both fiction and non - fiction .
Valentin Krautwald ( Latin : Cratoaldus ) ( 1465 - -1545 ) was a German religious reformer , lector of theology at Liegnitz , and colleague of Caspar Schwenckfeld .
Guillaume Connesson is a French composer born in 1970 in Boulogne - Billancourt , France .
Franz von Dingelstedt ( June 30 , 1814 -- May 15 , 1881 ) was a German poet , dramatist and theatre administrator .
Alessandro Piperno ( born Rome , March 25 , 1972 ) is an Italian writer and literary critic of Jewish descent , having a Jewish father and a Catholic mother .
Kannur Sreelatha is an Indian film actress best known for her work in Malayalam cinema .
Yapi Panda Abdiel Tambayong ( born 12 July 1945 ) , best known by his pen - name Remy Sylado , is an Indonesian author , actor , and musician .
Jean Tourane ( 1919 - -1986 ) was a French filmmaker known for his footage of small animals .
Jesús Ángel García Bragado ( born 17 October 1969 in Madrid ) is a Spanish race walker .
Ákos Császár ( born 26 February 1924 , Budapest ) is a Hungarian mathematician , specializing in general topology and real analysis .
Ludmilla Elisabeth of Schwarzburg - Rudolstadt ( also Ludomilla or Ludämilie ; 7 April 1640 -- 12 March 1672 in Rudolstadt ) was a German noblewoman and a hymn poet .
Wendy Moore is an English journalist , author , and historian .
K. V. Shanthi known by her stage name Shanthi is an Indian actress in Malayalam movies .
Ulrike Poppe ( original name Ulrike Wick ; born 26 January 1953 , Rostock , GDR ) was a member of the East German opposition .
Nikola Malović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Маловић ) ( born July 8 , 1970 ) is a Serbian prose and drama writer .
Laurent Cantet ( ( lɔʁɑ̃ kɑ̃tɛ ) ; born 15 June 1961 ) is a French director .
Hasnain Kazim is a German journalist .
Richard Pohl ( September 12 , 1826 -- December 17 , 1896 ) was a German music critic , writer , poet , and amateur composer .
Francisco de Zurbarán ( baptized November 7 , 1598 -- August 27 , 1664 ) was a Spanish painter .
Raoul Șorban ( September 4 , 1912 - July 19 , 2006 ) was a Romanian painter , journalist , writer , essayist , art historian , academic , and memoirist .
Beatriz Fernández Ibáñez ( born 19 March 1985 ) is a Spanish handball player .
Maurice Yvain ( 12 February 1891 -- 27 July 1965 ) was a French composer , noted for his operettas of the 1920s and 1930s , some of which were written for Mistinguett , at one time the best - paid female entertainer in the world .
Robert Browning ( 7 May 1812 -- 12 December 1889 ) was an English poet and playwright whose mastery of the dramatic monologue made him one of the foremost Victorian poets .
Lech Trzeciakowski ( born 24 December 1931 in Poznań , Poland ) is a Polish historian who served as director of the Western Institute ( Instytut Zachodni ) in Poznań from 1974 to 1978 .
Benjamin Armitage ( 1823 -- 4 December 1899 ) was an English industrialist and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1886 .
Pier Luigi Pizzi ( born June 15 , 1930 ) is an Italian opera director , set designer , and costume designer .
Joint collection of poetry in French with 20 authors whose Mongeau France , Yolande Villemaire , Claude Beausoleil , Denise Boucher , Stéphane Despatie , Claudine Bertrand for Quebec and Georges Bonnet , Odile Caradec , Bozi Raymond , Jean - Claude Martin , James Sacré , Josyane Bergey of Jesus for France .
Paul L. Jay ( born 1946 ) is a Professor at Loyola University Chicago where he teaches in the English Department .
Achille Ernest Oscar Joseph Delesse ( 3 February 1817 -- 24 March 1881 ) was a French geologist and mineralogist .
António Gedeão ( b. Rómulo Vasco da Gama Carvalho , GCSE , GOIP ; November 24 , 1906 -- February 19 , 1997 ) was a Portuguese poet , essayist , writer and playwright , who also published several works related to science .
Nosfell ( born 1 December 1977 , in Saint - Ouen , France ) is a French rock musician who performs in a group with Pierre Lebourgeois ( cellist ) and Orkhan Murat ( drummer ) .
Rafael Llopis Paret ( born Madrid , April 17 , 1933 ) , Spanish psychiatrist , essayist and translator , specializing in fantasy and horror fiction .
Anne - Marie Berglund ( born 1952 ) is a Swedish poet , novelist , short story writer and pictorial artist .
Henry Bauchau ( 22 January 1913 -- 21 September 2012 ) was a Belgian psychoanalyst , lawyer , and author of French prose and poetry .
Claude Sallier ( 4 April 1685 , Saulieu - 6 September 1761 , Paris ) was a French ecclesiastic and philologist , as well as professor of Hebrew at the Collège royal and garde des manuscrits of the Bibliothèque du Roi .
Bror Emil Hildebrand ( 22 February 1806 in Madesjö -- 30 August 1884 ) was a Swedish archaeologist , numismatist and museum director .
Maria Nikolaevna Kuznetsova ( 1880 -- April 25 , 1966 ) ( Russian : Мария Николаевна Кузнецова , also spelled Maria Kuznetsova - Benois , Ukrainian : Марія Миколаївна Кузнєцова ) , was a famous 20th century opera singer and dancer first in the Russian Empire and then in emigration .
Stjepan Radić ( 11 June 1871 -- 8 August 1928 ) was a Croatian politician and the founder of the Croatian People 's Peasant Party ( Hrvatska pučka seljačka stranka ) in 1905 .
Masashi Tanaka ( 田中政志 , born June 10 , 1962 ) is a Japanese manga artist best known for Gon , his silent manga starring a miniature dinosaur .
Saint Fructus ( Spanish : San Fruitos , Frutos , Fructos ) was a Castilian hermit of the eighth century venerated as a saint .
Sepideh Jodeyri ( in Persian : سپیده جدیری , b. 23 May 1976 , corresponding to 2 Khordâd 1355 by the Iranian calendar , in Ahvaz , Iran ) is an Iranian poet , literary critic , translator and journalist .
Fritz Gunter Sachs ( 14 November 1932 -- 7 May 2011 ) was a German photographer , author , industrialist , and latterly head of an institute that researched claims of astrology .
Marie - Charlotte Hippolyte de Campet de Saujon , by marriage Countess of Boufflers ( 1724 -- 1800 ) , was a French lady of letters and salon hostess .
Cesare Ripa ( c. 1560 , Perugia -- c. 1622 ) was an Italian iconographer who worked for Cardinal Anton Maria Salviati as a cook and butler .
Marius Sophus Lie ( /liː/ LEE ; Norwegian : ( liː ) ; 17 December 1842 -- 18 February 1899 ) was a Norwegian mathematician .
Ernst Cassirer ( /kɑːˈsɪərər , kə-/ ; German : ( kaˈsiːʁɐ ) ; July 28 , 1874 -- April 13 , 1945 ) was a German philosopher .
Thomas Eastoe Abbott ( born 23 November 1786 , baptised 29 November 1786 -- 18 February 1854 ) was an English poet .
Villy Sørensen ( 13 January 1929 -- 16 December 2001 ) was a Danish short - story writer , philosopher and literary critic of the Modernist tradition .
Aleida Assmann ( born March 22 , 1947 ) is a German professor of English , Egyptology , Literary and Cultural Studies .
Eric Rücker Eddison , CB , CMG ( 24 November 1882 -- 18 August 1945 ) was an English civil servant and author , writing under the name E. R. Eddison .
Johann Friedrich Blumenbach ( 11 May 1752 -- 22 January 1840 ) was a German physician , naturalist , physiologist , and anthropologist .
Maurice Picon ( 27 July 1931 -- 16 November 2014 ) was a French physicist and archaeologist , and a pioneer of archaeometry in France .
Dr. Jacques - Joseph Moreau ( 3 June 1804 -- 26 June 1884 ) , nicknamed `` Moreau de Tours '' , was a French psychiatrist and member of the Club des Hashischins .
Mirza Nasrulla Bahar Shirvani ( Azerbaijani : Mirzə Nəsrulla Bahar Şirvani ) ( 1835 , Shamakhi , Azerbaijan - 1883 , Tabriz ) was renowned Azerbaijani poet .
Manuel Giménez Fernández ( May 6 , 1896 , Seville - February 27 , 1968 ) was a Spanish professor of canon law and politician most famous as Minister of Agriculture in the government of Alejandro Lerroux .
Luciano Fabro ( November 20 , 1936 -- June 22 , 2007 ) was an Italian sculptor , conceptual artist and writer associated with the Arte Povera movement .
Enric Palomar ( Badalona - Barcelona 1964 ) is a Catalan composer .
Erkki Toivanen ( 18 May 1938 -- 21 July 2011 ) was a Finnish journalist and presenter for Yleisradio ( Yle ) .
Pascual de Andagoya ( 1495 - 1548 ) was a Spanish Basque conquistador .
Wadham Locke ( 1779 - 1835 ) , was an English politician .
Jerónimo Bécker y González ( Salamanca , 2 December 1857 - Madrid , 25 May 1925 ) was a Spanish historian , diplomat and journalist .
Song Yingxing ( Traditional Chinese : 宋應星 ; Simplified Chinese : 宋应星 ; Wade Giles : Sung Ying - Hsing ; 1587 - 1666 AD ) , born in Yichun of Jiangxi , was a Chinese scientist and encyclopedist who lived during the late Ming Dynasty ( 1368 - -1644 ) .
Guilherme de Vasconcelos Abreu ( 1842 - 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , cartographer and orientalist .
Brigadier - General ( Tat Aluf ) Avigdor Kahalani ( Hebrew : אביגדור קהלני‎ , born 16 June 1944 ) is a former Israeli soldier and politician .
Volker Pispers ( born January 18 , 1958 in Mönchengladbach - Rheydt ) is a German Kabarett artist , who is well known for his political satire .
Giovanni Battista Zelotti ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒambatˈtista dzeˈlɔtti ) , 1526 -- 28 August 1578 ) was an Italian painter of the late Renaissance , active in Venice and her mainland territories .
Mary Cadogan ( née Summersby ) ( 30 May 1928 -- 29 September 2014 ) was an English author .
Alfred Percy Sinnett ( 18 January 1840 in London -- 26 June 1921 ) was an English author and theosophist .
Giuseppe Gargani ( born April 23 , 1935 in Morra De Sanctis ) is an Italian politician , a lawyer and from 1999 to 2009 a Member of the European Parliament , .
Joan - Lluís Lluís ( Perpignan , 1963 ) is an award - winning Catalan writer .
Rika Lesser ( born 1953 Brooklyn , New York ) is a U.S. poet , and is a translator of Swedish and German literary works .
Satyajeet Dubey ( Hindi : सत्यजीत दुबे ) ( born 21 July 1990 ) is an Indian voice and film actor , working in the Hindi film industry .
Francis Masse ( born 1948 ) is a French cartoonist known for his `` imaginative and radical '' style .
Claude Capperonnier ( May 1 , 1671 , Montdidier , Somme -- 1744 ) , French classical scholar , the son of a tanner , was born at Montdidier .
Federigo Tozzi ( born January 1 , 1883 in Siena ; died March 21 , 1920 in Rome ) was an Italian writer .
Ksenia Svetlova ( Hebrew : קסניה סבטלובה‎ ; Russian : Ксения Светлова , born 28 July 1977 ) is an Israeli journalist and politician .
Mihael Milunović ( born 1967 ) is a Serbian , French and Croatian painter working in many different media , using them and interconnecting them , such as painting , photography , sculpture , installation , sound , video and objects .
Paweł Machcewicz ( born April 27 , 1966 in Warsaw ) is a Polish historian and university professor .
Túpac Huallpa ( or Huallpa Túpac ) ( died October 1533 ) , original name Auqui Huallpa Túpac , was the first vassal Inca Emperor installed by the Spanish conquistadors , during the Spanish conquest of the Inca Empire led by Francisco Pizarro .
Count Andrea Carandini ( born November 3 , 1937 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian professor of archaeology specialising in ancient Rome .
Sir Thomas Wheate , 1st Baronet ( 6 September 1667 -- 25 August 1721 ) was an English politician who was the Member of Parliament for Woodstock from 1690 to 1695 and from 1708 to 1721 .
Jean - Paul Hévin ( born 1957 Méral , Mayenne , France ) is a French manufacturer of high - end chocolate , who operates 4 stores in Paris , 5 in Japan and 2 in Hong Kong , headquartered in Paris .
Minna Canth ( IPA ( minna ka : nt ) , born Ulrika Wilhelmina Johnsson , 19 March 1844 -- 12 May 1897 ) was a Finnish writer and social activist .
Tom Taylor ( 19 October 1817 -- 12 July 1880 ) was an English dramatist , critic , biographer , public servant , and editor of Punch magazine .
French documentary film - maker Pierre Dominique Gaisseau is best known for his documentary Sky Above and Mud Beneath , which was awarded the first Oscar for a documentary .
Paolo Portoghesi ( born 2 November 1931 , Rome ) is an Italian architect , theorist , historian and professor of architecture at the University La Sapienza in Rome .
Georgiy Daneliya ( Georgian : გიორგი დანელია Giorgi Danelia ; Russian : Гео́ргий Никола́евич Дане́лия ; born 25 August 1930 ) is a Soviet / Georgian / Russian film director , who became known throughout the Soviet Union for his `` sad comedies '' ( as he styles them ) .
Sir Samuel Tuke , 1st Baronet ( c.1615 , Essex -- 26 January 1674 , Somerset House , London ) was an English officer in the Royalist army during the English Civil War and a notable playwright .
Jean Baptiste Émile Vidal ( 18 June 1825 -- 16 June 1893 ) was a French dermatologist who was a native of Paris .
Antoni Edward Odyniec ( 25 January 1804 -- 15 January 1885 ) was a Polish Romantic - era poet who penned the celebrated `` Song of the Filaretes '' .
Simon Theodor Aufrecht ( January 7 , 1822 -- April 3 , 1907 ) was a German indologist .
Louis Féraud ( 13 February 1921 -- 28 December 1999 ) was a French fashion designer and artist .
Hemanth Menon ( born 19 April 1989 ) is an Indian film actor who works in Malayalam cinema .
Amia Lieblich ( Hebrew : עמיה ליבליך‎ ; born 1939 ) is an Israeli psychologist and writer , who has gained prominence in the field of qualitative research ( and narrative studies ) in psychology .
Rolf Wilhelm Brednich ( born February 18 , 1935 in Worms , Germany ) is a German Europeanist ethnologist and ethnographer ( Volkskundler ) and folklorist .
Kollam G. K. Pillai was an Indian film actor in Malayalam cinema .
Michel Bulteau is a French poet , essayist , occasional musician and experimental filmmaker , born on 8 October 1949 in Arcueil .
José Luis Borau Moradell ( 8 August 1929 -- 23 November 2012 ) was a Spanish producer , screenwriter , writer , and film director .
Emilio Attard Alonso ( Valencia , Spain , 8 April 1915 -- Rocafort , 16 December 1997 ) was a Spanish politician .
James Henry Mapleson ( Colonel Mapleson ) ( 4 May 1830 -- 14 November 1901 ) was an English opera impresario , probably the leading figure instrumental in the development of opera production , and of the careers of singers , in London and New York City in the second half of the 19th century .
Hartmut Stegemann ( December 18 , 1933 , Gummersbach - August 22 , 2005 , Marburg / Lahn ) was a German theologian with interest in the New Testament and specialized in Dead Sea Scrolls research .
Francisco de Eliza y Reventa ( 1759 -- February 19 , 1825 ) was a Spanish naval officer , navigator , and explorer .
Frederick Alers Hankey ( 29 March 1833 - 15 February 1892 ) was an English banker and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892 .
Giovanni Battista Calandra ( 1586 - c. 1644 ) was an Italian mosaic artist in the Vatican .
Caterina Magni ( born 1966 ) is an Italian - born French archaeologist and anthropologist , who specialises in the study of pre - Columbian cultures of Mesoamerica , and in particular the iconography , art and mythology and religion of the Olmec civilization .
Claudius Madrolle ( born 1870 ) was a French travel writer who specialized in the Far East .
Antonina Pirozhkova ( 1 July 1909 -12 September 2010 ) was a Russian civil engineer and writer , best known for her contributions to the construction of the Moscow Metro and the preservation of the literary legacy of her husband Isaac Babel .
Éliane Taïeb ( December 7 , 1929 -- September 3 , 1985 ) , née Grimaître , was a French science fiction writer who published under the pen names Gilles Thomas and Julia Verlanger .
James Peller Malcolm ( 1767 - -1815 ) was an American - English topographer and engraver .
Egidio Ortona ( 16 September 1910 -- 10 January 1996 ) was an Italian diplomat whose career spanned the years 1931 to 1975 .
Giacomo Marramao ( born 1946 ) is an Italian philosopher who teaches theoretical philosophy and political philosophy at the University of Rome III in Rome .
Günter Simon ( born Großbaudis , Liegnitz 6 May 1933 ) is a German journalist .
Gustav Geley ( 1860 - 1924 ) was a French physician , psychical researcher and director of the Institute Metapsychique International from 1919 to 1924 .
Henri Hureau de Sénarmont ( September 6 , 1808 -- June 30 , 1862 ) was a French mineralogist and physicist .
Bernard Moitessier ( 10 April 1925 -- 16 June 1994 ) , a French national born and raised in Vietnam , was a sailor .
Jacques Guillemeau ( 1550 - -1613 ) was a French surgeon from Orléans .
Jean Guillaume Roquille ( 26 October 1804 -- 1 February 1860 ) was a French tinsmith and poet who wrote in the Franco - Provençal language .
Eva Zeller ( born 25 January 1923 in Eberswalde , Province of Brandenburg ) is a German poet and novelist .
Claudio Guillén Cahen ( September 2 , 1924 in Paris -- January 27 , 2007 in Madrid ) , known as Claudio Guillén , was a Spanish writer and literary scholar .
Gad Shimron ( Hebrew : גד שימרון‎ , b. 1950 ) is an Israeli journalist , author and military affairs commentator .
Seno Gumira Ajidarma ( born June 19 , 1958 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an Indonesian author of short stories , essays , and movie scripts .
Jaya Saradhi Kadali ( born 26 June 1942 ) , also called Sarathi or Saradhi , is a comedic actor in the Telugu film industry .
Ricardo Serrano Gonzalez ( born 4 August 1978 in Valladolid ) is a Spanish retired racing cyclist .
Nicolás Antonio de Arredondo y Pelegrín ( 1740 -- 1802 ) was a Spanish soldier and politician born in Madrid .
Enrico Corradini ( July 20 , 1865 -- December 10 , 1931 ) was an Italian novelist , essayist , journalist and nationalist political figure .
Vidya Niwas Mishra ( 1926 - -2005 ) was a scholar , a noted Hindi - Sanskrit littérateur , and a journalist .
Joseph - Nicolas Delisle ( 4 April 1688 -- 11 September 1768 ) was a French astronomer and cartographer .
Federico Fellini ( Italian : ( fedeˈriːko felˈliːni ) ; 20 January 1920 -- 31 October 1993 ) was an Italian film director and screenwriter .
Jean René Lacoste ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɑ̃ ʁəne laˈkɔst ) ; 2 July 1904 -- 12 October 1996 ) was a French tennis player and businessman .
Jeet Upendra is an Indian actor who has appeared in Malayalam and Hindi films .
Hugo Kükelhaus ( March 24 , 1900 -- October 5 , 1984 ) was a German carpenter , writer , pedagogue , philosopher and artist .
Bruno Forte ( born 1 August 1949 ) is an Italian Roman Catholic theologian and ecclesiastic , currently Archbishop of Chieti - Vasto .
Louis - Gabriel Moreau ( 1740 - 12 October 1806 ) was a French graphic artist and landscape painter .
Zhang Hongnian ( simplified Chinese : 张鸿年 ; traditional Chinese : 張鴻年 ; pinyin : Zhāng Hóngnián ; born December 1931 ) is a Chinese translator who had been honored by the Iranian Government .
Werner Rahn ( born June 9 , 1939 in Ilsenburg ) is a naval historian and former German naval officer .
Heinz Hajek - Halke ( 1898 - -1983 ) was a German experimental photographer who co - founded the Fotoform group with Otto Steinert .
Semavi Eyice ( born December 9 , 1922 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish art historian and archaeologist , who specialises in the study of Byzantine and Ottoman art in Istanbul .
The Basil Bunting Poetry Award and Young Person 's Prize , administered by Newcastle University , are open internationally to any poet writing in English .
Rudolf Muus ( February 19 , 1862 -- November 9 , 1935 ) was a Norwegian author of popular literature of his time .
Kunjalu Kochumoideen Padiyath ( 1930 -- 22 May 2000 ) , known by his stage name Bahadoor , was a Malayalam film comedian who , along with Adoor Bhasi , redefined the way in which comedy and funny scenes were perceived in Malayalam cinema .
Bernd Heine ( born May 25 , 1939 in Mohrungen , East Prussia , now Morąg , Poland ) is a German linguist and specialist in African studies .
Prof . Ram Raj Pant ( or Ramraj Pant , Nepali : राम राज पन्त or रामराज पन्त ) ( 1920 - -1993 , Bikram Sambat 1976 - -2049 ) was a pioneering linguist of the Nepali language , literary writer and promoter of legal education in Nepal .
Ferdinand Léon Delagrange ( 13 March 1873 -- 4 January 1910 ) was a pioneering French aviator and sculptor .
Friedrich Reinhold Kreutzwald ( 26 December ( O.S. 14 December ) 1803 -- 25 August ( O.S. 13 August ) 1882 ) was an Estonian writer who is considered to be the father of the national literature for the country .
Therese von Lützow ( born 4 July 1804 in Stuttgart ; died 16 September 1852 in Tjilatjap , Java ) was a German author .
Kalaikkal Kumaran ( born in 1919 at Vaikkom , Kottayam district , Kerala ) was a noted Malayalam film and drama actor .
Meron Benvenisti ( Hebrew : מירון בנבנשתי‎ , born 1934 ) is an Israeli political scientist who was Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem under Teddy Kollek from 1971 to 1978 , during which he administered East Jerusalem and served as Jerusalem 's Chief Planning Officer .
François Sulpice Beudant ( September 5 , 1787 -- December 10 , 1850 ) , French mineralogist and geologist .
Annemarie von Gabain ( 7 April 1901 -- 15 January 1993 ) was a German scholar who dealt with Turkic studies , both as a linguist and as an art historian .
Armin Geus ( German : ( ˈgɔʏs ) ; born 1937 ) is a German medical historian and historian of biology .
Gotthard Victor Lechler ( April 18 , 1811 -- December 26 , 1888 ) , German Lutheran theologian , was born at Kloster Reichenbach in Württemberg .
Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme ( Spanish : ( berˈnarðo oˈxiɣins ) ; 1778 - -1842 ) was a Chilean independence leader who , together with José de San Martín , freed Chile from Spanish rule in the Chilean War of Independence .
Henri - Georges Adam ( January 14 , 1904 -- 1967 ) was a French engraver and non - figurative sculptor of the École de Paris , who was also involved in the creation of numerous monumental tapestries .
Charles Laubry ( born 11 November 1872 in Saint - Florentin , Yonne , France ; died 11 August 1960 in Flogny , Yonne , France ) was a French cardiologist best known for his work on congenital heart disease and the significance of blood pressure in cardiovascular disease .
Séraphin Couvreur ( Chinese : 顧賽芬 ; pinyin : Gù Sàifēn ; 14 January 1835 -- 19 November 1919 ) was a French Jesuit missionary to China , sinologist , and creator of the EFEO Chinese transcription .
Miguel Ángel Moratinos Cuyaubé ( born 8 June 1951 in Madrid ) is a Spanish diplomat and politician , a member of the Socialist Workers ' Party and member of Congress , where he represents Córdoba .
Sir Vincent Zachary Cope MD MS FRCS ( 14 February 1881 -- 28 December 1974 ) was an English physician and surgeon perhaps best known for authoring the book Cope 's Early Diagnosis of the Acute abdomen from 1921 until 1971 .
David Villa Sánchez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( daˈβið ˈβiʎa ) ; born 3 December 1981 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker and also serves as captain for New York City FC in Major League Soccer .
Piotr Czerniawski ( born June 20 , 1976 in Wrocław ) is a Polish poet .
Karol Wiktor Zawodziński , pseudonym Karol de Johne , ( 1890 - -1949 ) was highly acclaimed Polish literary critic , theoretist and historian of literature .
Alfredo de Freitas Dias Gomes ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈdʒiɐʒ ˈɡõmiʃ ) ) ( 19 October 1922 -- 18 May 1999 ) was a Brazilian playwright .
Vittorio Garatti ( born 1927 in Italy ) is an Italian architect .
Miško Kranjec ( pronunciation ) ( Hungarian : Krányecz Mihály ) ( September 15 , 1908 -- June 8 , 1983 ) , born as Mihael Kranjec , was a Slovene writer .
Holger Stromberg ( born 15 March 1972 ) , is a German celebrity chef .
Claude Aubriet ( ca . 1665 or 1651 -- 3 December 1742 ) was a French illustrator and botanical artist .
Juan Guillén Buzarán ( Cartagena 29 September 1819 -- Madrid , 8 January 1892 ) was a Spanish military officer , writer and literary collaborator in the press of the time .
Robert Bage ( 11 March 1730 -- 1 September 1801 ) was an English businessman and novelist .
Francois - Jean - Gabriel de La Porte du Theil ( b. Paris , 1742 - d. 1815 ) was a French historian .
Enzo Barboni ( July 7 , 1922 -- July 23 , 2002 ) , sometimes credited by his pseudonym E.B. Clucher , was an Italian film director , cinematographer and screenwriter , best known for his slapstick comedies starring Terence Hill and Bud Spencer .
Mykhaylo Osadchy ( Ukrainian : Осадчий Михайло Григорович ) ( born 22 March 1936 in Kurmany , Nedryhailiv Raion , Sumy Oblast , UkSSR -- died 5 July 1994 in Lviv , Lviv Oblast , Ukraine ) was a Ukrainian journalist , poet , writer , and dissident .
Francisco Aguilar y Leal ( 1776 - -1840 ) was a soldier and Spanish merchant , that became one of the main leaders of Uruguayan independence .
Nicholas Breton ( also Britton or Brittaine ) ( 1545 - -1626 ) , English poet and novelist , belonged to an old family settled at Layer Breton , Essex .
Gustav Groß ( 1856 - -1935 ) was a national liberal German Bohemian politician .
Don Hugo O'Donnell , 7th Duke of Tetuan ( born September 29 , 1948 ) , also known as Hugo O'Donnell y Duque de Estrada , is a Spanish nobleman .
Antonio Scarpa ( 9 May 1752 -- 31 October 1832 ) was an Italian anatomist and professor .
André Dupont - Sommer ( 23 December 1900 -- 14 May 1983 ) was a French semitologist .
Alexander Kaufmann ( 14 May 1817 -- 1 May 1893 ) was a German poet and folklorist from Bonn .
Màrius Torres ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈmaɾius ˈtores ) ) ( Lleida , 1910 - Sant Quirze Safaja , 1942 ) was a Catalan poet , first published by fellow writer Joan Sales in Mexico .
Richard Chandler ( 1737 -- 9 February 1810 ) was an English antiquary .
Domokos Bölöni ( Daia , August 11 , 1946 ) is a Romanian Magyar writer and journalist .
Raphaël Thierry ( 1972 ) is a French visual artist , painter and illustrator .
Elke Heidenreich ( born 15 February 1943 in Korbach ) is a German author , TV presenter and journalist .
Wang Chong ( Chinese : 王充 ; pinyin : Wáng Chōng ; Wade -- Giles : Wang Ch'ung , 27 - -c . 100 AD ) , courtesy name Zhongren ( 仲任 ) , was a Chinese philosopher active during the Han Dynasty .
Deepak Dobriyal ( Hindi : दीपक डोबरियाल ) is an Indian film and theatre actor .
Werner Lehfeldt ( born May 22 , 1943 , Perleberg ) is a German Slavist .
Agostino Carracci ( or Caracci ) ( 16 August 1557 -- 22 March 1602 ) was an Italian painter and printmaker .
Giuseppe Maria Mitelli ( 1634 - -1718 ) was an Italian engraver and painter of the Baroque period .
Juan Sempere y Guarinos ( 1754 - -1830 ) was a Spanish politician , jurist , bibliographer , economist and writer .
Joan Cornellà Vázquez ( born 11 January 1981 ) is a Spanish cartoonist and illustrator , famous for his unsettling , surreal humor and black humorous comic strips as well as artwork .
Rafael de Floranes or de Floranes Vélez de Robles y Encinas ( 1743 , Camaleño -- 1801 , Valladolid , Spain ) was a Spanish historian , jurist and writer .
N. Govindan Kutty ( Malayalam : എൻ. ഗോവിന്ദൻകുട്ടി ) is a Malayalam film actor .
Virgil Vătășianu ( March 21 , 1902 - -November 15 , 1993 ) was a Romanian academic and art historian .
Duo Duo or Duoduo ( Chinese : 多多 , 1951 - ) is the pen name of contemporary Chinese poet , Li Shizheng ( 栗世征 ) , a prominent exponent of the Chinese Misty Poets ( 朦胧诗 ) .
Richard Griffin , 2nd Baron Braybrooke ( 1750 - -1825 ) was an English politician and peer .
Yusuf Atılgan ( 27 June 1921 , Manisa - 9 October 1989 , İstanbul ) was a Turkish novelist and dramatist , who is best known for his novels Aylak Adam ( The Loiterer ) and Anayurt Oteli ( Motherland Hotel ) .
Jacques Monory ( born 1934 ) is a French painter , living in Cachan .
Randall Swingler MM ( 28 May 1909 -- 1967 ) was an English poet , writing extensively in the 1930s in the communist interest .
Johanna Töpfer , née Schrocko ( 3 April 1929 -- 7 January 1990 ) , was an East German politician and Deputy Director of the FDGB .
Raymond Daudel ( February 2 , 1920 - June 20 , 2006 ) was a French theoretical and quantum chemist .
Gastone Darè ( 18 February 1918 -- 7 June 1976 ) was an Italian fencer and politician .
Hans Petter Moland ( born 17 October 1955 , Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian film director .
In 2015 , she was referenced in popular turn of the century English series Downton Abbey when Lady Mary emerges from a ( 1920s era ) makeover , and Lady Crawley comments , `` Pola Negri comes to Yorkshire ! '' .
Simon Verhoeven ( born 20 June 1972 , Munich ) is a German actor , screenwriter and film director .
Evagrius Ponticus ( Greek : Εὐάγριος ὁ Ποντικός , `` Evagrius of Pontus '' ) , also called Evagrius the Solitary ( 345 - 399 AD ) , was a Christian monk and ascetic .
Georges Poulet ( French : ( pulɛ ) ; 29 November 1902 -- 31 December 1991 ) was a Belgian literary critic associated with the Geneva School .
Øyvind Strømmen is a Norwegian author , translator and freelance journalist .
Anders Celsius ( 27 November 1701 -- 25 April 1744 ) was a Swedish astronomer , physicist and mathematician .
Bronisław Chromy ( born June 3 , 1925 ) is a Polish sculptor , medallist , painter , and draughtsman , and a professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Cracow .
René Leibowitz ( French : ( ʁəne lɛbɔwits ) ; 17 February 1913 -- 29 August 1972 ) was a Polish , later naturalized French , composer , conductor , music theorist and teacher born in Warsaw , Poland .
In 2008 , two human rights organizations , The Center for Justice and Accountability and The Spanish Association for Human Rights , filed lawsuit in a Spanish court , against the former Salvadoran president Alfredo Cristiani and 14 members of the Salvadoran Military , for the direct responsibility of the massacre of the murdered scholars of UCA .
Francesco Antonio Vallotti ( 11 June 1697 -- 10 January 1780 ) was an Italian composer , music theorist , and organist .
Zou Rong ( Chinese : 鄒容 ; pinyin : Zōu Róng ; Wade -- Giles : Tsou Jung ; 1885 -- 1905 ) was a Chinese nationalist , racialist and revolutionary martyr of the anti - Qing movement .
Amrit Rai ( c. 1921 - September 1996 ) was a noted Urdu Hindi writer and biographer .
Marie Maxime Cornu ( July 16 , 1843 -- April 3 , 1901 ) was a French botanist and mycologist .
Stelian Popescu ( February 18 , 1874 in Lacu Turcului , Prahova County -- 8th of March 1954 in Madrid , Spain ) was a nationalist Romanian journalist .
Sir William Rich , 2nd Baronet ( c.1654 - 1711 ) , of Sonning , Berkshire , was an English politician .
Sir John Swinburne , 6th Baronet ( 6 March 1762 -- 26 September 1860 ) was an English politician and patron of the arts .
Fausto Leali ( born 29 October 1944 , Nuvolento , Brescia , Italy ) is an Italian singer , famous for his rough and aggressive voice , in sharp contrast with Italian melody conventions .
François - Joseph Fétis ( French : ( feti ) ; 25 March 1784 -- 26 March 1871 ) was a Belgian musicologist , composer , teacher , and one of the most influential music critics of the 19th century .
Antoine Pevsner ( 30 January ( O.S. 18 January ) 1886 -- 12 April 1962 ) was a Russian - born sculptor and the older brother of Alexii Pevsner and Naum Gabo .
Olga Andrino Diego ( born November 24 , 1955 , Burgohondo , Ávila ) is a Spanish painter and sculptor .
Alexandre - François Desportes ( 24 February 1661 -- 20 April 1743 ) was a French painter and decorative designer who specialised in animals .
Tadeusz Łomnicki ( Polish pronunciation : ( taˈdɛuʂ wɔmˈɲit͡skʲi ) ; 18 July 1927 in Podhajce near Lwów -- 22 February 1992 in Poznań ) was a Polish actor , one of the most notable stage and film artists of his time in Poland .
Count Sándor Apponyi de Nagyappony was ( 1844 - -1925 ) a Hungarian diplomat , bibliofil , bibliographer and a great Hungarian book collector .
John Fletcher Moulton , Baron Moulton GBE KCB PC QC FRS ( 18 November 1844 -- 9 March 1921 ) was an English mathematician , barrister and judge .
Sir Stephen Fox ( 27 March 1627 -- 28 October 1716 ) was an English politician .
Jean - Pierre - François de Ripert - Monclar ( 1711 - 1773 ) was a French aristocrat , landowner and lawyer .
Aristide Aubert Du Petit Thouars ( 31 August 1760 , in Boumais -- 2 August 1798 , in Abukir ; often written Dupetit - Thouars ) was a French naval officer , and a hero of the Battle of Aboukir , where he died .
Richard Holt Hutton ( 2 June 1826 -- 9 September 1897 ) was an English journalist of literature and religion .
Jean de Silhon ( 1596 , Sos , Lot - et - Garonne -- February 1667 , Paris ) was a French philosopher and politician .
Maurice Fenaille ( 12 June 1855 -- 11 December 1937 ) was a French businessman and pioneer in the petroleum industry .
Antoni Pitxot ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ənˈtɔni piˈtʃɔt ) ) ( Figueres , Girona , January 5 , 1934 -- June 12 , 2015 ) was a Spanish Catalan painter and a longtime friend and collaborator of Salvador Dalí .
Salah Abu Seif ( Arabic : صلاح أبو سيف‎ , Ṣalāḥ Abū Sayf ) ( May 10 , 1915 -- June 23 , 1996 ) was one of the most famous Egyptian film directors .
Bernard Assiniwi ( pseudonym : `` Chagnan '' born July 31 , 1935 in Montreal ; died September 4 , 2000 ) was a writer of French - Canadian and Cree / Algonquin people extraction .
Fadhil Al Azzawi ( Arabic : فاضل العزاوي ; born 1940 in Kirkuk , Iraq ) is an Iraqi writer highly respected in the Arab world , as he has published seven volumes of poetry , six novels , three books of criticism and memoir , and several translations of German literary works .
Zhang Chongren ( 27 September 1907 -- 8 October 1998 ) , also known as Chang Chong - jen , was a Chinese artist and sculptor best remembered in Europe as the friend of Hergé , the Belgian comics writer and artist and creator of The Adventures of Tintin .
Manu Payet ( Reunion pronunciation : pajɛt ; born Emmanuel Payet in 1975 ) is a French comedian , actor , screenwriter and radio host .
Ishida Baigan ( October 12 , 1685 - October 29 , 1744 ) was a Japanese lecturer and philosopher who founded the Shingaku movement ( heart learning ) which advocated all education include teachings in ethics and morality .
Anne Karin Elstad ( 19 January 1938 -- 4 April 2012 ) was a Norwegian author known for her book series featuring the character Julie .
Leonardo Bistolfi ( 14 March 1859 -- 2 September 1933 ) was an Italian sculptor , an important exponent of Italian Symbolism .
Roger Vergé ( 7 April 1930 -- 5 June 2015 ) was a French chef and restaurateur .
Juraj Habdelić ( Staro Čiče , 17 April or 27 November 1609 - Zagreb , 27 November 1678 ) was a Croatian Jesuit priest and writer .
Hanna Schygulla ( born 25 December 1943 ) is a German actress and chanson singer .
Salomon de Caus ( 1576 , Dieppe -- 1626 ) was a French Huguenot engineer , once ( falsely ) credited with the development of the steam engine .
Charles Trochu ( 1898 - 1961 ) was a French businessman , architect and right - wing politician .
John Sherren Brewer ( 1810 -- February 1879 ) was an English clergyman , historian and scholar .
Malaye Jaziri ( Kurdish : Melayê Cizîrî‎ ) , ( 1570 - 1640 ) was one of the most famous Kurdish writer , poet and mystic .
Inger Edelfeldt ( born 14 July 1956 ) is a Swedish author , illustrator and translator .
Mohamed el - Bisatie ( Arabic : محمد البساطي ) ( November 1937 -- 14 July 2012 ) was an Egyptian novelist and short story writer .
Claude Cohen - Tannoudji ( born 1 April 1933 ) is a French physicist and Nobel Laureate .
Luigi Chiarini ( 1900 - -1975 ) was an Italian film theorist , essayist , screenwriter and film director .
Dimitrije Bogdanović ( Cyrilic : Димитрије Богдановић ) ( October 11 , 1930 in Belgrade - June 14 , 1986 in Beograd ) was a Serbian historian and member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts .
Martin Broszat ( August 14 , 1926 -- October 14 , 1989 ) was a German historian specializing in modern German social history whose work has been described by The Encyclopedia of Historians as indispensable for any serious study of Nazi Germany .
Beatrice Lorenzin ( born 14 October 1971 ) is an Italian politician , who has served as minister of health since 28 April 2013 .
Jordi Sànchez i Picanyol ( Barcelona , 1964 ) is a Catalan political activist , currently president of the Catalan National Assembly ( ANC ) .
Michel Abitbol ( Hebrew : מיכאל אביטבול‎ ; born April 14 , 1943 , Morocco ) is an Israeli Jewish historian , professor , and chair of the Department of African Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Otto Friedrich August Meinardus was a German Coptologist and pastor ( 1925 - -2005 ) who wrote numerous books and articles about Coptic Christianity in Egypt .
Jean - Louis Aubert ( born 12 April 1955 ) is a French singer - songwriter , guitarist , composer and producer .
Hammam ibn Ghalib ( Arabic : همام بن غالب‎ ; born c. 641 ; died 728 - -730 ) , most commonly known as Al - Farazdaq ( الفرزدق ) or Abu Firas , was an Arabian poet .
Dominique Auguste Lereboullet was a French doctor and zoologist .
Carlos Bustelo y García del Real ( born 1936 ) served as the Spanish Minister of Industry from 1979 - 1980 .
Karin Moe ( born 3 December 1945 ) is a Norwegian writer and literary critic .
Yehezkel Dror ( Hebrew : יחזקאל דרור‎ ; born 1928 ) is a former professor of political science at Hebrew University , Jerusalem .
Joan Gili i Serra ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈan ʒiˈɫi i sɛˈra ) ) , also known as John Gili , ( 1907 -- 6 May 1998 ) was a Catalan antiquarian book - seller , publisher and translator .
Jerónimo de Sosa also known as Hieronymus , Jerome or Geronimo de Sosa , was a 17th - century Spanish Franciscan friar and a genealogist who developed a genealogical numbering system of ancestors .
Kuntowijoyo ( Bantul , Yogyakarta , 18 September 1943 -- 22 February 2005 ) was an Indonesian writer and academic .
Tiziano Scarpa ( born 16 May 1963 ) is an Italian novelist , playwright and poet .
Hans Wilhelm ( born September 21 , 1945 ) is a German - American writer , children 's book author and illustrator , and artist .
Tomasz Różycki ( born 1970 ) is a Polish poet and translator .
Dorothea Tieck ( March 1799 -- 21 February 1841 ) was a German translator , known particularly for her translations of William Shakespeare .
Carl Gottlieb Samuel Heun ( 20 March 1771 -- 2 August 1854 ) , better known by his pen name Heinrich Clauren , was a German author .
Ernst Enno ( 8 June ( O.S. 27 May ) 1875 in Valguta -- 7 March 1934 in Haapsalu ) was an Estonian poet and writer .
Meera Chopra , also known as Nila , is an Indian actress and model who appears in Tamil , Telugu and Hindi films .
Nicolas - Auguste Galimard ( 1813 Paris -- 1880 Montigny - lès - Cormeilles ) was a French historical , portrait and landscape painter .
Arvid Andrén ( 1902 - -1999 ) was a Swedish classical art historian who focused his work on decorative architectural terracotta sculpture from ancient Italy .
Gaspar Hurtado ( b. at Mondéjar , Guadalajara , Spain , in 1575 ; d. at Alcalá de Henares , 5 August 1647 ) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian .
Miguel Gil Moreno de Mora ( June 21 , 1967 -- May 24 , 2000 ) was a Spanish cameraman and war correspondent , working for Associated Press .
Jean - Michel Gaillard ( May 16 , 1946 , Pont - Sant - Esprit in Gard , France -- July 19 , 2005 , Paris ) was a high - ranking French official .
Mercedes Pinto Armas de la Rosa y Clós ( La Laguna , Tenerife , 12 October 1883 -- Ciudad de México , 21 October 1976 ) was a Spanish writer .
Yaak Karsunke ( born 4 June 1934 , Berlin ) is a German author and actor .
Sir Francis Galton , FRS ( /ˈfrɑːnsɪs ˈɡɔːltən/ ; 16 February 1822 -- 17 January 1911 ) was an English Victorian statistician , progressive , polymath , sociologist , psychologist , anthropologist , eugenicist , tropical explorer , geographer , inventor , meteorologist , proto - geneticist and psychometrician .
Mourid Barghouti or Mureed Barghouti or Murid Barguti or Murid Barghuti ( Arabic : مريد البرغوثي‎ , Murīd al - Barghūti ) ( born July 8 , 1944 , in Deir Ghassana , near Ramallah , on the West Bank ) is a Palestinian poet and writer .
Jiří Pospíšil ( born 24 November 1975 in Chomutov ) is a Czech politician , a former member of the Chamber of Deputies .
Henry Lawes ( 5 December 1595 -- 21 October 1662 ) was an English musician and composer .
Denis Creissels ( born 18 September 1943 ) is a French Professor of linguistics at the University of Lyon .
José Miguel González Rey ( born 15 November 1979 ) , known as Josemi , is a Spanish professional footballer .
Thomas Tickell ( 17 December 1685 -- 21 April 1740 ) was a minor English poet and man of letters .
François Leperlier ( born 1949 ) is a French writer , essayist , poet , philosopher and art historian , known especially for his work on the surrealist writer and photographer Claude Cahun .
Alain Bombard ( October 27 , 1924 -- July 19 , 2005 ) was a French biologist , physician and politician famous for sailing across the Atlantic Ocean in a small boat .
Daniel Babut ( 12 February 1929 , Lille - 13 February 2009 ) was a French Hellenist , specialising in Greek philosophy , especially the Moralia of Plutarch .
Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi ( French : ( fʁedeʁik oɡyst baʁtɔldi ) ; 2 August 1834 -- 4 October 1904 ) was a French sculptor who is best known for designing the Statue of Liberty .
Thomas Falkner ( 6 October 1707 -- 30 January 1784 ) was an English Jesuit missionary , active in Patagonia .
Cassandra Steen ( born February 9 , 1980 in Ostfildern , Baden - Württemberg , West Germany ) is a German - American singer , songwriter , and voice actress , who rose to fame as the lead singer of the trio Glashaus .
Julien Lepers ( whose real name is Ronan Gerval Lepers ) is a French television and radio presenter , and a singer - songwriter , born on 12 August 1949 in Paris .
José Cazorla Maure ( 1903 -- 8 April 1940 ) was a Spanish communist leader during the Spanish Civil War ( 1936 - -39 ) .
Irène Mélikoff ( 7 November 1917 -- 8 January 2009 ) was a Russian - born French Turkologist with Azerbaijani ancestry .
Eric Mosbacher ( 22 December 1903 -- 2 July 1998 ) was an English journalist and translator from Italian , French , German and Spanish .
Rajiv Hari Om Bhatia ( born 9 September 1967 ) , better known by his stage name Akshay Kumar , is an Indian actor , producer and martial artist who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films .
Raffaello Baldini ( Santarcangelo di Romagna , 1924 -- Milan , 2005 ) was an Italian writer and poet .
Reinhold Beckmann ( * 23 February 1956 in Twistringen , Lower Saxony ) is a German journalist and presenter .
José Alcalá Galiano ( 1843 - -1919 ) was a Spanish writer , poet and humorist .
Eftimie Murgu ( 28 December 1805 - 12 May 1870 ) was a Romanian politician who took part in the 1848 Revolutions .
Johann Gottfried Seume ( 29 January 1763 -- 13 June 1810 ) , German author , was born at Poserna ( now part of Lützen , Saxony - Anhalt ) .
Michael Schindhelm ( born October 1 , 1960 in Eisenach , Thuringia ) is a German writer , culture advisor , and theater director .
Michael Marrak ( born 1965 in Weikersheim , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German science fiction and horror writer .
Elio Pagliarani ( 25 May 1927 -- 8 March 2012 ) was an Italian poet and literary critic , who belonged to the avant - garde Gruppo 63 movemement .
Guido Görres ( 28 May 1805 -- 14 July 1852 ) was a German Catholic historian , publicist and poet .
Fritz Oswald Bilse ( 31 March 1878 in Kirn , Rhine Province -- 1951 ) was a German novelist , playwright and a lieutenant in the Prussian Army .
Jonathan Glazer ( born 26 March 1965 ) is an English filmmaker , whose directing work includes feature films , music videos and advertisements .
Renato Carpentieri ( born 2 April 1943 ) is an Italian actor , stage director and playwright .
Tomás Navarro Tomás ( 12 April 1884 -- 16 September 1979 ) was a Spanish writer and linguist , specializing in phonetics and the history of metrics .
Pierre Naville ( 1903 -- 23 April 1993 ) was a French Surrealist writer and sociologist .
Jean - Baptiste Jacques Augustin ( August 15 , 1759 -- April 13 , 1832 ) was a French miniature painter .
Juan de Iriarte ( 15 December 1701 - 23 August 1771 ) was a Spanish writer , French and English translator in the Royal Chancery , Hellenist and latinist .
Casiodoro de Reina or de Reyna ( c. 1520 -- 15 March 1594 ) was a Spanish Lutheran theologian who ( perhaps with several others ) translated the Bible into Spanish .
Saint Edmund Campion , S.J. , ( 24 January 1540 -- 1 December 1581 ) was an English Roman Catholic Jesuit priest and martyr .
David Edward Williams ( born 20 August 1971 ) , known as David Walliams ( /ˈwæliəmz/ ) , is an English comedian , actor , author , television personality and activist , known for his partnership with Matt Lucas on the BBC One sketch shows Little Britain , Rock Profile and Come Fly with Me .
Georg Friedrich Benecke ( 10 June 1762 , Mönchsroth -- 21 August 1844 , Göttingen ) was a German philologist .
Wilfredo Santa - Gómez ( also known as Wilfredo G. Santa , born 1949 ) is a Puerto Rican author who has published numerous books in Spanish on self - help , short stories , and poetry .
Bronisław Wildstein ( born June 11 , 1952 in Olsztyn , Poland ) is a former Polish dissident , a journalist , freelance author and , from May 11 , 2006 to February 28 , 2007 , he was the CEO of Telewizja Polska , state - owned television .
Yevgeny Yevgenyevich Lansere ( Russian : Евге́ний Евге́ньевич Лансере́ ) , also spelled Eugene Lanceray ( 23 August 1875 -- 13 September 1946 ) , was a Russian graphic artist , painter , sculptor , mosaicist , and illustrator , associated stylistically with Mir iskusstva ( the World of Art ) .
Ernő Mihályfi ( 3 September 1898 - 20 November 1972 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1947 .
Enrica Zunic ' is the pseudonym of Enrica Lozito , an Italian science - fiction writer .
Friedrich Max Kircheisen ( 23 June 1877 -- 12 February 1933 ) was a German historian , born at Chemnitz .
Francisco Rivera Pérez , known as Paquirri ( March 5 , 1948 - September 26 , 1984 ) , was a Spanish bullfighter .
Sombhu Mitra ( 22 August 1915 -- 19 May 1997 ) was a legendary Indian film and stage actor , director , playwright , reciter and an Indian theatre personality , known especially for his involvement in Bengali theatre , where he is considered a pioneer .
Johann Georg Elser ( 4 January 1903 -- 9 April 1945 ) was a German worker who planned and carried out an elaborate assassination attempt on Adolf Hitler and other high - ranking Nazi leaders on 8 November 1939 at the Bürgerbräukeller in Munich .
Sir Josiah Child , 1st Baronet ( 1630 -- 22 June 1699 ) was an English merchant and politician .
Jaime Felipe José Bosch ( in Catalan : Jaume Bosch i Renard , in France known as Jacques Bosch ) ( 26 May 1825 -- 31 March 1895 ) was a Catalan guitarist and song composer who established himself in Paris .
Paul Chemetov ( born 6 September 1928 ) is a French architect and urbanist .
Walter Christaller ( April 21 , 1893 - - March 9 , 1969 ) , was a German geographer whose principal contribution to the discipline is Central Place Theory , first published in 1933 .
Märta Tikkanen ( born 3 April 1935 ) is a Swedish - speaking Finnish writer .
Vespasiano I Gonzaga ( 6 December 1531 -- 26 February 1591 ) was an Italian nobleman , diplomat , writer , military engineer and condottiero .
Renaud Sainsaulieu ( 4 November 1935 -- 26 July 2002 ) was a French sociologist specializing in the sociology of organizations .
Gottfried Keller ( 19 July 1819 -- 15 July 1890 ) was a Swiss poet and writer of German literature .
Philippe Candeloro ( born 17 February 1972 ) is a French former competitive figure skater .
Theocritus ( /θiːˈɒkrɪtəs/ ; Greek : Θεόκριτος , Theokritos ; fl . c. 270 BC ) , the creator of ancient Greek bucolic poetry , flourished in the 3rd century BC .
Adelardo Covarsí ( Badajoz , 24 April 1885 -- Badajoz , 26 August 1951 ) was a Spanish painter active in Badajoz .
Édouard Brézin ( French : ( bʁezɛ̃ ) ; born December 1 , 1938 Paris ) is a French theoretical physicist .
Nicolas Desmarest ( 16 September 1725 -- 20 September 1815 ) was a French geologist and contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences , des arts et des métiers , in particular , the multi - volume Géographie - physique .
Louis Spohr ( 5 April 1784 -- 22 October 1859 ) , born Ludwig Spohr , was a German composer , violinist and conductor .
Gérard Dagon ( 4 April 1936 , Strasbourg - 22 May 2011 , Gandrange ) was a French evangelical Protestant pastor , teacher , author , publisher and long - time Christian counter cultist .
Hillel Oppenheimer ( Hebrew : הלל אופנהיימר‎ , born ' Heinz Reinhard Oppenheimer ' 4 April 1899 , died 1971 ) , was an Israeli professor of botany .
Federica Mogherini ( Italian pronunciation : ( fedeˈriːka moɡeˈriːni ) ; born 16 June 1973 ) is an Italian politician and the current High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and Vice - President of the European Commission in the Juncker Commission since 1 November 2014 .
Hans Volker Klapdor - Kleingrothaus ( also known as H.V. Klapdor ) was born on January 25 , 1942 in Reinbek and is a German physicist who works in nuclear physics , particle physics and astrophysics .
Bogdan Suceavă ( born September 27 , 1969 , Curtea de Argeș ) is a Romanian - born U.S. mathematician , journalist and writer .
Clytus Gottwald ( born 20 November 1925 ) is a German composer , conductor and musicologist , focused on chorale music .
Joseph Aquilina , LL.D. , Ph.D. ( 7 April 1911 -- 8 August 1997 ) was a Maltese author and linguist born in Munxar .
Alexander Charles Barclay ( 1823 -- 10 January 1893 ) was an English brewer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1880 .
Kurt Badt ( March 3 , 1890 in Berlin − November 22 , 1973 in Überlingen ) was a German art historian .
Timotei Cipariu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( timoˈtej t͡ʃiˈparju ) ; February 21 , 1805 , Pánád ( Romanian : Pănade , now a part of Sâncel ) , Kis - Küküllő , Royal Hungary -- September 3 , 1887 ) was a Romanian cleric and academic .
Philippe Devaux ( 1902 -- 1979 ) was a French - speaking Belgian philosopher and logician , professor at the University of Liège .
Chiara Matraini ( 1515 - -1604 ) was an Italian Renaissance writer from Lucca .
Originally composed in Greek , the Asceticon consists of 30 essays ( `` logos '' ) on subjects including : advice for novice monks ; precepts for those who have renounced the world ; sayings and stories by Abba Isaiah ; various letters , sermons , and sayings .
Knud Sørensen ( born March 10 , 1928 ) is a Danish writer , poet and novelist .
Isabel Oyarzábal Smith ( 12 June 1878 in Málaga , Andalusia , Spain -- 1974 Mexico City ) was a Spanish - born journalist , writer , actress and diplomat .
William John Hamilton , FRS ( 5 July 1805 -- 27 June 1867 ) was an English geologist born in Wishaw , Lanarkshire .
Alexis Perrey ( 1807 - -1882 ) was a historical French seismologist and compiler of earthquake catalogs .
Jonas Rein ( 30 January 1760 -- 21 November 1821 ) was a Norwegian priest , poet and member of the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll that wrote the Constitution of Norway on 17 May 1814 .
Mathieu Matégot ( 4 April 1910 - February 2001 ) was a Hungarian / French designer and material artist .
Jean - Louis Pascal ( 4 June 1837 -- 17 May 1920 ) was an academic French architect .
Madathipparambil Seshaniyyar Venkatrama Iyer ( 10 October 1941 -- 8 March 2006 ) known by his stage name M. S. Thripunithura was an Indian actor who worked in Malayalam film .
Raymond Benoist ( 10 June 1881 , Vendresse -- 17 January 1970 ) was a French botanist and entomologist .
Oskar Jerschke ( July 17 , 1861 -- August 24 , 1928 ) was a German playwright and collaborator of Arno Holz .
Zdeněk Rotrekl ( October 1 , 1920 -- June 9 , 2013 ) was a Czech and Czechoslovak Catholic poet , literary historian and writer .
Alberto Martini ( November 24 , 1876 -- November 8 , 1954 ) was an Italian painter , engraver , illustrator and graphic designer .
Hisae Iwaoka ( 岩岡ヒサエ , born 17 July 1976 ) is a Japanese manga artist .
Suja Karthika is a Malayalam film actress who has more than 20 films to her credit .
Zena Walker ( 7 March 1934 -- 24 August 2003 ) was an English actress in film , theatre and television .
Thomas Lauth ( 19 August 1758 , Strasbourg -- 16 September 1826 ) was a French anatomist .
Alonso Hernández del Portillo ( 1543 - -1624 ) was a Spanish local politician and historian , remembered for being the first chronicler of the city of Gibraltar .
Giovanni Bernardi ( 1494 -- 22 May 1553 ) , also known as Giovanni da Castel Bolognese and as Giovanni da Castelbolognese , was an Italian gem engraver and medallist who was born in Castel Bolognese , Italy .
Andreas Mand ( born December 14 , 1959 ) is a German contemporary author of novels , short stories and essays and a playwright .
Hasan Ali Toptaş ( born 15 October 1958 ) is a prominent Turkish novelist and short story writer .
Angelo Maria Quirini or Querini ( 30 March 1680 -- 6 January 1755 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
René Wellek was born and raised in Vienna , speaking Czech and German .
Beatriz Carvajal ( Madrid , 24 December 1949 ) is a Spanish theatre , television and film actress .
Peter Wende ( born 17 March 1936 ) is a German historian who was director of the German Historical Institute London from September 1994 to August 2000 .
Georges Wolinski ( French : ( vɔlɛ̃ski ) ; 28 June 1934 -- 7 January 2015 ) was a French cartoonist and comics writer .
Charles Francis Christopher Hawkes , FBA , FSA ( 5 June 1905 -- 29 March 1992 ) was an English archaeologist specialising in European prehistory .
María del Carmen Hornillos Baudo ( 16 June 1962 -- 4 July 2014 ) was a Spanish journalist and television presenter .
Carla Porta Musa ( 15 March 1902 -- 10 October 2012 ) was an Italian essayist and poet .
Hipòlit Lázaro ( September 13 , 1887 -- May 14 , 1974 ) , better known as Hipólito Lázaro , was a Catalan - Spanish opera singer .
Roger Chartier , born on December 9 , 1945 in Lyon , is a French historian and historiographer who is part of the Annales school .
Dr Ernst Weiss ( German : Weiß , August 28 , 1882 -- June 15 , 1940 ) was a German - speaking Austrian author of Jewish descent .
Johann Friedrich Endersch ( 25 October 1705 -- 28 March 1769 ) was a German cartographer and mathematician .
William Shenstone ( 18 November 1714 -- 11 February 1763 ) was an English poet and one of the earliest practitioners of landscape gardening through the development of his estate , The Leasowes .
Françoise Minkowska - Brokman ( January 22 , 1882 -- September 15 , 1950 ) was a French Jewish psychiatrist , born in Poland .
Carl Bezold ( 18 May 1859 , Donauwörth -- 21 November 1922 , Heidelberg ) was a German orientalist .
Elisabet Hermodsson ( born 1927 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish writer , poet , composer and artist .
According to Jean Gustave Schoup ( sometimes spelled as Jan Gustaaf Schoup ) the original text had been provided by Sydney Warburg and J.G. Schoup had translated this text English into Dutch .
Léon Clément Le Fort ( 5 December 1829 , Lille -- 19 October 1893 ) was a French surgeon remembered for his work on uterine prolapse , including Le Fort 's operation .
Jean Antoine Petit - Senn ( 1792 - -1870 ) was a poet of French - Swiss origin .
George Osborne Sayles ( April 21 , 1901 -- February 28 , 1994 ) , better known as G. O. Sayles , was an English historian best known for his work on the medieval English law courts and the early English Parliaments .
Lieutenant - Colonel James Tod ( 20 March 1782 -- 18 November 1835 ) was an English - born officer of the British East India Company and an Oriental scholar .
Niyazi Berkes ( 21 October 1908 -- 18 December 1988 ) was a Turkish Cypriot sociologist .
Devi Prasad Bagrodia ( Assamese : দেবী প্ৰসাদ বাগড়োদিয়া ) , is a noted writer , social worker and tea planter based in Dibrugarh in Assam , India .
Klaus Rainer Röhl ( born 1 December 1928 in Trockenhütte , Free City of Danzig ) is a pre - eminent German journalist and author , best known as founder , owner , publisher and editor - in - chief of konkret , the most influential magazine on the German political left from the 1960s to the early 1970s .
Brass Crosby ( 8 May 1725 -- 1793 ) was an English radical lawyer , Member of Parliament and Lord Mayor of the City of London .
Sir George Paget Thomson , FRS ( /ˈtɒmsən/ ; 3 May 1892 -- 10 September 1975 ) was an English physicist and Nobel laureate in physics recognised for his discovery with Clinton Davisson of the wave properties of the electron by electron diffraction .
Adolph Wagner ( 25 March 1835 -- 8 November 1917 ) was a German economist and politician , a leading Kathedersozialist ( academic socialist ) and public finance scholar and advocate of agrarianism .
Andrew Kippis ( 28 March 1725 -- 8 October 1795 ) was an English nonconformist clergyman and biographer .
František Švantner ( January 29 , 1912 in Bystrá , present day Slovakia - October 13 , 1950 in Prague , present - day Czech Republic ) was a Slovak prose writer .
Juan Francisco Pacheco y Téllez - Girón , 4th Consort Duke of Uceda , ( Madrid , Spain , 8 June 1649 -- Vienna , Austria , 25 August 1718 ) , was a Spanish noble , viceroy of Sicily and Spanish Ambassador in Rome .
Thomas Raven Ackroyd ( 7 August 1861 -- 26 April 1946 ) was an English bank manager and Liberal Party politician .
Théophile - Jules Pelouze ( also known as Jules Pelouze , Théophile Pelouze , Theo Pelouze , or T. J. Pelouze , pronounced : ( pəluz ) ; 26 February 1807 -- 31 May 1867 ) was a French chemist .
Karl Alexander Herklots ( 19 January 1759 - 23 March 1830 ) was a German lawyer , chiefly remembered since his death as a theatre librettist and translator .
Alberto Terrile ( born March 11 , 1961 in Genoa , Italy ) is an Italian - born photographer .
Theodor von Sickel ( 18 December 1826 -- 21 April 1908 ) was a German - Austrian historian born in Aken , Province of Saxony , Kingdom of Prussia .
Karl Zell ( 8 April 1793 -- 24 January 1873 ) was a German statesman , philologist , and defender of the rights of the Catholic Church .
Philbert Maurice d'Ocagne ( March 1862 -- September 1938 ) was a French engineer and mathematician .
Bodil Kjer ( 1917 - -2003 ) was a Danish actress whose talent and charisma earned her status as a Primadonna and the title of first lady of Danish theater .
Mustafa Shokay spoke foreign languages such as English , French , Russian , German , Turkish , and Arabic .
Makarand Dave , sometimes referred as Sai Makarand Dave , is a Gujarati language poet and author from India .
Arcangela Tarabotti ( 24 February 1604 -- 28 February 1652 ) was a Venetian nun and Early Modern Italian writer .
Bernard Stiegler ( French : ( stiɡlɛʁ ) ; born 1 April 1952 ) is a French philosopher .
Esteban Manuel de Villegas ( Matute , La Rioja , 5 February 1589 -- Nájera , La Rioja , 3 September 1669 ) was a 17th - century Spanish poet .
Simion Stoilow or Stoilov ( 14 September ( O.S. 2 September ) 1873 -- 4 April 1961 ) was a Romanian mathematician , creator of the Romanian school of complex analysis , and author of over 100 publications .
Julius Duboc ( October 10 , 1829 Hamburg - June 11 , 1903 ) was a German author and philosopher .
Alfredo Biondi ( born June 29 , 1928 ) is an Italian politician and lawyer .
Anabel Ochoa ( 1955 - -2008 ) was a Spanish writer and psychiatrist .
Julius Mosen ( 8 July 1803 -- 10 October 1867 ) was a German poet and author of Jewish descent , associated with the Young Germany movement , and now remembered principally for his patriotic poem the Andreas - Hofer - Lied .
Nicola Pistoia ( born 31 March 1954 ) is an Italian actor , director and playwright .
George Wither ( 11 June 1588 O.S. ( 21 June 1588 NS ) -- 2 May 1667 O.S. ( 12 May 1667 NS ) ) was an English poet , pamphleteer , and satirist .
Patrik Ouředník ( in French sometimes known as Patrick ; born April 23 , 1957 , in Prague ) is a Czech author and translator , living in France .
Hoàng Văn Thái ( 1 May 1915 -- 2 July 1986 ) , born Hoàng Văn Xiêm , was a Vietnamese communist military and political figure .
Georg Stauth ( born 28 August 1942 ) is a German sociologist of Islam .
Rafael Marín Trechera ( Cádiz , Spain , 1959 ) is a Spanish novelist , translator , comic book writer and co - plotter .
Richard Voss ( September 2 , 1851 -- June 10 , 1918 ) was a German dramatist and novelist .
Alan Posener ( born 8 October 1949 in London ) is a British - German journalist .
Francesco D'Andrea ( 1625 - -1698 ) was an Italian jurist and natural philosopher .
Marcelino de Oraá Lecumberri ( 1788 -- 1851 ) was a Basque Spanish military man and administrator .
Avi Mograbi ( Hebrew : אבי מוגרבי‎ ; Arabic : ابراهيم مغربي‎ ; born 1956 ) is an Israeli documentary filmmaker .
WRJI ( 91.5 FM ) was a radio station licensed to serve East Greenwich , Rhode Island .
WBIZ - FM ( 100.7 FM , `` Z100 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 ( CHR ) format serving Eau Claire , Wisconsin .
Ockbrook is an ancient village in Derbyshire , England .
Javanrud County ( Persian : شهرستان جوانرود‎ ) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran , part of what is unofficially referred to as Iranian Kurdistan .
The Dacia Sandero is a subcompact car produced jointly by the French manufacturer Renault and its Romanian subsidiary Dacia since 2007 , currently at its second generation .
The North American Aviation AGM-28 Hound Dog was a supersonic , turbojet - propelled , air - launched cruise missile developed in 1959 for the United States Air Force .
Labhrás Ó Murchú ( pronounced ( l̪ˠawɾˠaː sˠ oː ˈmˠʊɾˠxuː ) ; born 14 August 1939 ) is the Director - General of Comhaltas Ceoltóirí Éireann , and a member of Seanad Éireann for Fianna Fáil .
During his leadership of the State Democratic Party ( DFL ) and prior to joining Supervalu , Erlandson hosted a radio show on Air American Minnesota called `` The Mike Erlandson Show , '' and was a regular on local public affairs programs .
Luis Alberto Héber comes from a prominent Uruguayan National Party family ; he himself has also for many years associated himself with this party 's cause .
Peter J. Genova is an American Republican Party politician who was elected to two full terms in the New Jersey General Assembly , serving in office from 1985 to 1990 , where he represented the 21st Legislative District .
Tuo Zhen ( Chinese : 庹震 ; pinyin : Tuǒ Zhèn ; born 25 September 1959 ) is a Chinese official , serving since July 2015 as the deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Communist Party of China .
Eugene Regan is an Irish barrister , Fine Gael politician and a former member of Seanad Éireann .
Chandubhai Deshmukh ( 1940 - -1998 ) was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Gujarat .
Henry Butler - Johnstone ( 28 August 1809 -- 1 April 1879 ) was a British Conservative Party politician , born Hon . Henry Butler , a younger son of James Butler , 13th Baron Dunboyne .
M. M. Hassan is a leader of the Indian National Congress and a former Minister in the Government of Kerala .
Bruck Easton is a Windsor , Ontario lawyer and a member of the Liberal Party of Canada .
Mohsina Kidwai ( born 1 January 1932 ) is a leader of Indian National Congress party , she belongs to Barabanki , Uttar Pradesh .
Arvind Patel is a Bharatiya Janata Party politician and Deputy Mayor of Vadodara , India .
Dr. Omar Davies ( born 28 May 1947 ) is a Jamaican politician with the People 's National Party ( PNP ) , and the current Minister of Transport , Works and Housing and the former Minister of Finance of Jamaica .
José Antonio Primo de Rivera y Sáenz de Heredia , 1st Duke of Primo de Rivera , 3rd Marquis of Estella , GE ( April 24 , 1903 -- November 20 , 1936 ) was a Spanish lawyer , nobleman , politician , and founder of the Falange Española ( `` Spanish Phalanx '' ) .
William M. Malone ( 1900 - -1981 ) chaired the California Democratic Party during and after World War II . He was the most powerful Democratic Party leader of San Francisco ( and , arguably , of California ) during the later Roosevelt and Truman Administrations .
Pixley ka Isaka Seme ( c. 1881 -- June 1951 ) was a founder and President of the African National Congress .
Badruddin Tyabji ( 10 October 1844 -- 19 August 1906 ) was an Indian lawyer who served as the third President of the Indian National Congress .
Etta Rosales ( born Loretta Ann P. Rosales ) is a Filipino activist , teacher and politician who has served three terms as the party - list representative of the Akbayan Citizens ' Action Party to the Philippines ' House of Representatives from the 11th-14th Congress ( 1998 - 2007 ) .
Surendra Motilal Patel ( born 11 December 1937 in Gada , Ta - Sojitra ) is an Indian politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party and a member of the Parliament of India representing Gujarat in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament .
Dario Franceschini ( born 19 October 1958 ) is an Italian lawyer , writer , and politician , who served as the second leader of the Democratic Party .
Ahmed Akhchichine ( Arabic : أحمد أخشيشين‎ -- born 26 March 1954 , Marrakech ) is a Moroccan politician of the Authenticity and Modernity Party .
Hans - Jürg Fehr ( born 1948 ) is a Swiss politician and was from 2004 - -2008 the president of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland .
Gustavo Díaz Ordaz Bolaños ( Spanish pronunciation : ( gusˈtaβo ˈðiaθ orˈðaθ ) ; 12 March 1911 -- 15 July 1979 ) was a Mexican politician and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Li Hanjun ( Chinese : 李汉俊 ; 1890 -- December 17 , 1927 ) was an alternate member of the 3rd Central Executive Committee of the Communist Party of China .
Dr. Roberts Zīle ( born June 20 , 1958 in Riga ) is a Latvian economist and politician and Member of the European Parliament for the National Alliance , a free market national conservative political party in Latvia .
Ruth Ellen Brosseau ( born April 26 , 1984 ) is a Canadian politician from the New Democratic Party who has represented the riding of Berthier--
Willy Arne Wold ( 26 August 1929 , in Værøy -- 13 February 1996 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party .
Li Jianguo ( Chinese : 李建国 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jiànguó ; born April 1946 ) is a Chinese politician , currently serving as a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China , Vice - Chairman of the National People 's Congress , and chairman of the All - China Federation of Trade Unions .
Luc Ferland is a Canadian politician , who was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Ungava from 2007 to 2014 .
John Cunliffe Pickersgill - Cunliffe ( 1819 - -6 October 1873 ) was a British banker , who briefly served as Member of Parliament for Bewdley in 1869 , representing the Conservative Party .
Ibrahim Kura Mohammed was elected Senator for the Kano Central constituency of Kano State , Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic , running on the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) platform .
Johnny DuPree ( born November 18 , 1953 ) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has served as the mayor of Hattiesburg , Mississippi since 2001 .
Åsa Domeij , born 29 April 1962 in Örnsköldsvik , is a Swedish Green Party politician and an agronomist by training .
David McClarty ( 23 February 1951 -- 18 April 2014 ) was an Independent Unionist politician from Northern Ireland .
Marcus Lawrence Ward ( November 9 , 1812 -- April 25 , 1884 ) was an American Republican Party politician , who served as the 21st Governor of New Jersey from 1866 to 1869 , and represented the state in Congress for one term , from 1873 to 1875 .
Andrew Wall ( born 23 June 1984 ) , an Australian politician , is a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Brindabella for the Liberal Party since 2012 .
Per Botolf Maurseth ( born 17 July 1969 ) is a Norwegian economist and politician for the Socialist Left Party .
Ulf Adelsohn ( born 4 October 1941 ) is a Swedish politician , leader of the Moderate Party from 1981 to 1986 and Governor of Stockholm County from 1992 to 2001 .
K. Chandran Pillai is a politician and member of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Thakin Soe Myint ( Burmese : သခင် စိုးမြင့် ) was a Burmese politician and a leader of the National League for Democracy .
Robin Corbett , Baron Corbett of Castle Vale ( 22 September 1933 -- 19 February 2012 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Thomas George Thomas , 1st Viscount Tonypandy , PC ( 29 January 1909 -- 22 September 1997 ) was a British Labour Party politician and Speaker of the House of Commons .
Yu Zhengsheng ( Chinese : 俞正声 ; born April 1945 ) is a Chinese politician and one of the top leaders of the Communist Party of China .
Pendukeni Iivula - Ithana ( born October 11 , 1952 ) is a Namibian politician who was the Secretary - General of the South - West Africa People 's Organization ( SWAPO ) from 2007 to 2012 .
Reinhold Mitterlehner ( born 10 December 1955 ) is an Austrian politician who has served in the cabinet of Austria as Federal Minister of the Economy from 2008 to 2014 and Finance Minister since September 2014 when he became Vice Chancellor of Austria and Chairman of the Austrian People 's Party .
Steve Comer is a former leader of the Liberal Democrats on Bristol City Council in Bristol , England .
Boonsanong Punyodyana ( Thai : บุญสนอง บุณโยทยาน ; rtgs : Bunsanong Bunyothayan ) was a Thai politician and General secretary of the Socialist Party of Thailand .
Adolf Köster ( 8 March 1883 -- 18 February 1930 ) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) and diplomat .
Mudasiru Oyetunde Hussein is a Nigerian politician who represented the Alliance for Democracy for two terms ( 1999 - 2007 ) in the House of Representatives .
Celia Lynch ( née Quinn ; 6 May 1908 -- 16 June 1989 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician , Assistant Government Whip , and Teachta Dála ( TD ) for 23 years .
Seán Moylan ( 19 November 1888 -- 16 November 1957 ) was a Commandant of the Irish Republican Army and later a Sinn Féin and Fianna Fáil politician .
Colum Eastwood ( born 30 April 1983 ) is an Irish nationalist politician who has been Leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party ( SDLP ) since 2015 .
Halldór Ásgrímsson ( pronounced ( ˈhalːtour ˈaːuskrimsɔn ) ; 8 September 1947 -- 18 May 2015 ) was an Icelandic politician , who served as Prime Minister of Iceland from 2004 to 2006 and was leader of the Progressive Party from 1994 to 2006 .
Charlie McConalogue ( born October 1977 ) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who has been a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Donegal North--
Kurt Hager ( 24 July 1912 -- 18 September 1998 ) was an East German statesman , a member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany who was known as the chief ideologist of the party and decided many cultural and educational policies in East Germany .
Eugen Dido Kvaternik ( 29 March 1910 -- 10 March 1962 ) was a Croatian Ustaše General - Lieutenant and the Chief of the Internal Security Service in the Independent State of Croatia , a Nazi puppet state during World War II .
Roar Flåthen ( born 15 January 1950 ) is a Norwegian trade unionist and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party .
Erik Braadland ( 21 November 1910 -- 14 July 1988 ) was a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Centre Party .
Kapil Sibal ( born 8 August 1948 ) is an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress party .
Shpëtim Idrizi is the Albanian leader of the Party for Justice , Integration and Unity ( PDIU ) .
Marc Dann ( born March 12 , 1962 , Evanston , Illinois ) is an American former politician of the Democratic Party , who served as the Attorney General of Ohio from 2007 until his resignation on May 14 , 2008 .
Else Bugge Fougner ( born 9 November 1944 ) is a Norwegian lawyer and a politician for the Conservative Party .
Sassui Palijo is affiliated to Pakistan Peoples Party and is currently a Senator on women 's reserved seat from Sindh .
Pia Gjellerup ( born 22 August 1959 ) is a Danish politician representing the Social Democrats .
Myer Galpern , Baron Galpern , DL ( 1 January 1903 -- 23 September 1993 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Ishwardas Rohani ( 30 June 1946 -- 5 November 2013 ) was an Indian politician of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Anna Záborská ( born 7 June 1948 in Zürich ) is a Slovak politician of the `` Christian Democratic Movement '' party ( Kresťanskodemokratické hnutie , KDH ) , living in Bojnice .
Michalis Chrisochoidis ( Greek : Μιχάλης Χρυσοχοΐδης , born 31 October 1955 in Nisi , Imathia ) is a Greek politician , member of the Hellenic Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) , former Minister for Citizen Protection and former Minister for Infrastructure , Transport and Networks .
Zhang Qun or Chang Chun ( Chinese : 張群 ; May 9 , 1889 -- December 14 , 1990 ) , also known as Zhang Yuejun ( 張岳軍 ) , was premier of the Republic of China and a prominent member of the Kuomintang .
Leroy Garcia is a Democratic Party member of the Colorado State Senate , serving since 2015 .
Sir Harold Sutcliffe ( 11 December 1897 - 20 January 1958 ) was a British Conservative Party politician and businessman .
Barbara Bailey is an American politician of the Republican Party .
Yadav Shivram Mahajan ( born at Himgona , Jalgaon district , Maharashtra , 22 November 1911 ) was a member of the 4th Lok Sabha of India from the Buldhana constituency of Maharashtra elected in 1970 by - elections and a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party .
Naim Qassem ( born 1953 ) is a Shia Lebanese cleric and politician , who is the second in command of Hezbollah with the title of deputy secretary - general .
Theodore Hoskins ( born June 15 , 1938 ) , also referred to as Ted Hoskins , is an American politician with the Democratic Party .
Karen Margrethe Kuvaas ( born June 14 , 1947 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Norwegian Labour Party and since 2007 mayor of Narvik .
Charles William Nevill ( 1815 -- 7 June 1888 ) was a Welsh owner of a copper smelting company , and a Conservative Party politician .
Athol Trollip ( born 12 March 1964 ) is a South African politician , who has served as member of the National Assembly and as a member of the Provincial Legislature of the Eastern Cape Province , for the opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) .
Philips Tanimu Aduda is a Nigerian politician who served two terms in the national House of Representatives between 2003 and 2011 , and was elected to the Senate for Abuja Federal Capital Territory in the 9 April 2011 elections , running on the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) ticket .
Lee Roupas is the Palos Township Republican Committeeman as well as the Former Chairman of the Cook County Republican Party Cook County , Illinois .
May Chiu ( born 1965 ) is the first Chinese - born Québécoise to have run as a candidate for the Bloc Québécois party in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Hanna Tetteh won the Awutu Senya constituency seat in the December 2000 parliamentary election and served for one term as National Democratic Congress Member of Parliament on the opposition benches .
Hanna Mierzejewska ( 21 May 1950 -- 1 September 2015 ) was a Polish politician and a member of Law and Justice party .
Suravaram Sudhakar Reddy is the General Secretary of the Communist Party of India ( CPI ) .
María Laura Leguizamón ( born January 21 , 1965 ) is an Argentine Front for Victory politician , a senator for Buenos Aires and formerly a National Deputy .
Although Morgan had the overwhelming support of individual Labour Party members , Alun Michael , backed by Blair and by the trade unions , duly won .
Álvaro Colom Caballeros ( Spanish : ( ˈalβaɾo koˈlom ) ; 15 June 1951 ) is a Guatemalan politician who was the President of Guatemala from 2008 to 2012 , as well as leader of the social - democratic National Unity of Hope ( UNE ) .
José Narro Céspedes ( born 17 January 1959 ) is a Mexican politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( formerly from the Labor Party ) .
Ernst Strasser is a former Austrian People 's Party ( ÖVP ) politician and Federal Minister of the Interior in Austria ( 2000 - -2004 ) , and was a Member of the European Parliament ( 2009 - -2011 ) .
Atiku Abubakar ( born 25 November 1946 ) is a Nigerian politician , businessman and philanthropist , who served as the second elected Vice - President of Nigeria from 1999 to 2007 , on the platform of the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) , with President Olusegun Obasanjo .
Running as a People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) candidate , Bode Olajumoke was elected as senator in the 5th ( 2003 - -2007 ) National Assembly representing Ondo North Senatorial District , and was reelected in 2007 for a further four - year term .
Sir John Anthony Kershaw MC , DL ( 14 December 1915 -- 29 April 2008 ) was a British Conservative Party Member of Parliament for 32 years , from 1955 to 1987 .
Chandrapratap Singh ( born 22 January 1957 ) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) political party .
Asii Chemnitz Narup ( born 1954 ) is a Greenlandic politician and MP for the party Inuit Ataqatigiit ( IA ) .
Brynle Williams ( 9 January 1949 -- 1 April 2011 ) was a North Wales Assembly Member ( AM ) for the Welsh Conservative Party in the National Assembly for Wales .
José de Anchieta Júnior ( born March 11 , 1965 Jaguaribe , Ceará ) is a Brazilian politician and member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party ( PSDB ) .
Daniel Renoult ( December 18 , 1880 -- July 17 , 1958 ) was a French Communist Party ( Parti communiste français , PCF ) ) politician , an activist and journalist .
Muhammad Abdullah Salique , or Mohammed Abdus Salique , ( born 1 August 1951 ) is a British Labour Party politician , former councillor of Bethnal Green North ward and mayor of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets from 2008 until 2009 .
Zakaria Chol Gideon Gakmar ( 1957 -- July 29 , 2010 ) was a Sudanese politician , belonging to the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) .
Liam Aylward ( born 27 September 1952 ) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician .
A. V. Aryan ( died February 1 , 2007 ) was an Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) politician from Thrissur and Member of the Legislative Assembly from Ollur Assembly Constituency in 1967 .
Egon Erzum ( 22 September 1904 -- 14 October 1974 ) was a German politician from the GB / BHE and later of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Frank Crean ( 28 February 1916 -- 2 December 2008 ) was a senior minister in the Australian Labor Party government of Gough Whitlam from 1972 to 1975 , and was Deputy Prime Minister for the last six months of the government 's term .
Oscar Möller ( born January 22 , 1989 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays for Ak Bars Kazan of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Dominique Taboga ( born November 6 , 1982 in Austria ) is a former Austrian footballer , who last played as a defender for SV Grödig , before his arrest in a match - fixing scandal .
Ahmed Abdel - Sattar Nawwas ( born 6 July 1984 ) is a Jordanian footballer who is a goalkeeper for Al - Jazeera and the Jordan national football team .
Mario Pufek ( born 6 May 1985 ) is a Croatian football ( defender ) player who currently plays for Békéscsaba 1912 Előre SE .
Mehmet Sak ( born 4 April 1990 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Adanaspor in the TFF First League .
Marty Moore ( born March 19 , 1971 ) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for eight seasons for the New England Patriots and Cleveland Browns .
Henrik Larsen ( born 17 May 1966 in Lyngby ) , nicknamed Store Larsen ( Big Larsen ) , is a Danish former professional football player who was last the manager of Lyngby Boldklub .
Moncef Chérif ( Arabic : منصف شريف‎ ) ( born 8 November 1940 ) is a Tunisian former footballer who played for Stade Tunisien and the Tunisian national team .
Dorian Lévêque ( born 22 November 1989 in Hyères ) is a French football defender , who currently plays for En Avant de Guingamp .
Born in Arucas , Las Palmas , Canary Islands , Manuel Pablo was only 22 when he joined Deportivo de La Coruña from hometown 's UD Las Palmas in the summer of 1998 , being signed together with Argentine Turu Flores .
Oliver Sorg ( born 29 May 1990 ) is a German footballer who plays as a right back for Bundesliga club Hannover 96 .
Pavlo Ksyonz ( Ukrainian : Павло Сергійович Ксьонз ; born 2 January 1987 in Myrhorod , Poltava Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian footballer who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk on loan from FC Karpaty Lviv .
Miklós Rajna ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmikloːʃ ˈrɒjnɒ ) ; born 22 June 1991 in Dunaújváros ) is a Hungarian professional ice hockey goaltender who plays for Alba Volán Székesfehérvár in the Austrian Hockey League .
Ian Snodin ( born 15 August 1963 in Thrybergh , Rotherham , Yorkshire ) is a retired footballer most notable for playing for Doncaster Rovers and Everton .
Krzysztof Ulatowski ( born July 25 , 1980 in Trzebnica ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Chrobry Głogów as a striker or midfielder .
Dan Beutler ( born 10 October 1977 ) is a Swedish handballer , who has previously played for German side clubs SG Flensburg - Handewitt and HSV Hamburg .
Nebojša Šodić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небојша Шодић , born 15 July 1985 ) is a Bosnian Serb professional football defender currently playing with FK Rudar Prijedor in the First League of the Republika Srpska .
Randy Reutershan ( born June 30 , 1955 ) is a former American football player who performed in a single season in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Lara Keller ( born 13 April 1991 ) is a Swiss football striker currently playing for FF USV Jena of the German Frauen - Bundesliga .
Radoslav Kunzo ( born 2 September 1974 in Levoča ) is a Slovak football defender who plays for LP Domino .
Jared Rivers ( born 18 October 1984 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club and Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Murilo Maccari ( born 21 September 1987 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer , who plays for Naxxar Lions F.C. in Malta .
Jordan Staal ( born September 10 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player and an alternate captain of the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Marco Martin ( born 25 December 1987 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for A.C. Pavia in Lega Pro .
Ante Majstorović ( born 6 November 1993 ) is a Croatian football defender , currently playing for RNK Split in the Croatian First Football League .
James Cory Snyder ( born November 11 , 1962 ) is a former Major League Baseball player for the Cleveland Indians , Chicago White Sox , Toronto Blue Jays , San Francisco Giants , and Los Angeles Dodgers from 1986 to 1994 .
Joona Harjama ( born July 5 , 1993 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey center who is currently playing with KalPa in the Finnish Liiga .
Aki Jones ( October 25 , 1982 -- October 12 , 2014 ) was an American football player , who played in National Football League for Washington Redskins in 2005 season .
Ismaïl Yıldırım ( born 1 June 1990 ) is a Dutch - Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for RKC Waalwijk in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Tim Broomhead ( born 22 March 1994 ) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ron Rivers ( born November 13 , 1971 in Elizabeth , New Jersey ) is a former professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the Detroit Lions , Atlanta Falcons , and Pittsburgh Steelers for one year .
David Gannon is an Irish rugby union player . He is currently at his second spell with RaboDirect PRO12 side Connacht Rugby after a season with Southland Stags in the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup and Exeter Chiefs in the English Premiership .
Markus Kauczinski ( born 20 February 1970 ) is a German football coach who is now manager of Karlsruher SC .
Yoell van Nieff is a Dutch footballer who plays as a left back or midfielder for Excelsior , on loan from FC Groningen , in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Paola Brumana ( born 26 November 1982 ) is an Italian football striker who plays for women 's Serie A club UPC Tavagnacco and the Italy national team .
Amos Marsh , Jr. ( May 7 , 1939 -- November 2 , 1992 ) was a professional American football running back in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and the Detroit Lions .
Arnold Issoko ( born 6 April 1992 ) is a Congolese football striker who plays for Vitória F.C ..
José Jara González or José Jara ( born October 19 , 1984 ) is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays as a striker and midfielder for Persepam Madura United in Indonesia Super League .
Daniel Huss ( born 4 October 1979 ) is a Luxembourgian footballer who currently plays as a striker for CS Grevenmacher in Luxembourg 's domestic National Division .
Andrej Lovás ( born 28 May 1991 ) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Ružomberok .
Thomas Reinmann ( born 9 April 1983 in Langenthal ) is a Swiss football defender , who last plays for FC Vaduz in the Swiss Super League .
Anderson da Silva de Jesus or simply Neguette ( born October 27 , 1977 in Belo Horizonte ) , is a Brazilian central defender for Al - Khor Sports Club in the Qatari League .
Andrea Pirlo , Ufficiale OMRI ( born 19 May 1979 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for American club New York City FC in Major League Soccer and the Italy national team .
With the folding of WPS in 2012 , Tobin Heath joined New York Fury of WPSL Elite League .
Mário Rui Silva Duarte ( born 27 May 1991 ) , known as Mário Rui , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Italian club Empoli F.C. as a left back .
Doke Schmidt ( born 7 April 1992 ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a right back for SC Heerenveen in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Anam Syahrul Fitrianto is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persijap Jepara as a defender , fullback .
Roman Karasyuk ( Ukrainian : Роман Іванович Карасюк ; born 27 March 1991 in Volodymyr - Volynskyi , Volyn Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian First League .
Ric Mathias was a player in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals in 1998 as a defensive back .
Frans Bouwmeester ( born 19 May 1940 in Breda ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a left winger and who is currently head scout at Feyenoord Rotterdam .
Henrik Hetta is a Swedish professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the Malmö Redhawks of the SHL .
Thomas Mork ( born 22 June 1978 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who currently works as a coach for Molde FK 's academy .
Josh Charnley is an English professional rugby league footballer for the Wigan Warriors of Super League .
Ian Measham ( born 14 December 1964 ) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender for Huddersfield Town , Lincoln City , Rochdale , Cambridge United , Burnley & Doncaster Rovers .
Milan Matula ( born 22 April 1984 in Trutnov ) is a Czech football defender currently playing for FK Teplice in the Czech Republic .
Stephen Basso ( born August 22 , 1987 in San José ) is a Costa Rican - born American soccer player currently playing for the Ontario Fury .
Cezary Stefańczyk ( born February 21 , 1984 in Radomsko ) is a Polish footballer ( defender ) who currently plays for Wisła Płock .
Ruslan Bernikov ( born December 4 , 1977 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey right wing currently playing for Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League .
Marko Palavestrić ( Serbian Cyrillic Mapкo Пaлaвecтpић ; born August 12 , 1982 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian footballer , who last played for OFK Mladenovac as a defender .
Jordi Quintillà Guasch ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʒɔɾði kintiˈʎa ˈɣwask ) ; born 25 October 1993 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for American club Sporting Kansas City .
Nickolas Waesne ( January 28 , 1903 -- May 26 , 1991 ) , better known as Nick Wasnie , was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played seven seasons in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks , Montreal Canadiens , New York Americans , Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Eagles .
Maria Nordbrandt ( born 6 April 1985 ) is a Swedish former football striker , who played for Umeå IK in the Damallsvenskan between 2001 and 2005 , then again from 2011 to 2012 .
Shannon Brady ( born 21 June 1996 ) is an Australian footballer who plays as a winger for Brisbane Roar FC .
Maksudur Rahman Mostak is a Bangladeshi professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club in Bangladesh League .
Aleksandar Prijović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Aлeкcaндap Пpиjoвић ; born 21 April 1990 ) is a Swiss footballer of Serbian descent who plays for Legia Warsaw .
Robert Molenaar ( born 27 February 1969 in Zaandam , North Holland ) is a Dutch football manager and former professional footballer from the Netherlands , who is currently the manager of Eerste Divisie side FC Volendam .
Zaykiel Leong ( born 9 November 1980 ) is a Malaysian footballer who play as a striker for Sabah FA in Malaysia Premier League .
Hanus Thorleifsson ( born 19 December 1985 ) is a Faroese footballer , currently in his second spell at B36 Tórshavn .
Lucas Chiaretti Cossenzo ( born September 22 , 1987 ) is a Brazilian football player who is currently playing in Brazil for Série B side Clube Atlético Bragantino .
Anton Dragúň ( born 11 June 1942 in Bánov ) is a former football player from Slovakia and currently manager of TJ Baník Ružiná .
Tim Dierßen ( born 15 January 1996 ) is a German footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Hannover 96 in the Bundesliga .
Yevhen Shyryayev ( Ukrainian : Євген Юрійович Ширяєв ; born 22 February 1984 , Uspenivka , Sarata Raion , in the Odessa Oblast of the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union , now in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Kaisar in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
José Pedro Magalhães Valente ( born 14 May 1994 in Castelões de Cepeda - Paredes ) known as Zé Valente , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Aves as a forward .
Christophe Dussart ( born April 15 , 1976 in Valenciennes ) is a French football defender currently playing for French Championnat National side Nîmes Olympique .
Michal Krištof ( born October 11 , 1993 ) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey center playing for Sport of the SM - liiga .
Luca Felicetti ( born August 17 , 1981 ) is an Italian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the HC Valpellice of the Serie A. Felicetti competed in the 2012 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Italy men 's national ice hockey team .
Cayfano Latupeirissa ( born 28 April 1991 ) is a Dutch professional footballer , who plays at JVC Cuijk .
Esteban Alvarado Brown ( born 28 April 1989 in Siquirres , Limón ) is a Costa Rican football goalkeeper who plays for the Turkish club Trabzonspor .
Dipak Rai ( Nepali : दीपक राई)(sometimes also spelled Deepak ) is a Nepali footballer who currently plays for Manang Marshyangdi Club as a forward .
Yuriy Toma ( Ukrainian : Юрій Юрійович Тома ; born 27 April 1996 in Zakarpattia Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who currently playing for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Kyle Nelson ( born October 3 , 1986 ) is an American football long snapper who currently plays for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League .
Lars Bastrup Jørgensen ( born 31 July 1955 ) is a Danish former professional football player , who most prominently played as a striker for Hamburger SV , winning two Bundesliga titles and the 1983 European Cup with the club .
Tatiana Bonetti is an Italian football striker , currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Italy 's Serie A. She was a member of the Italian Under-19 team that won the 2008 U-19 European Championship , where she scored a winner against Norway .
Clint Leemans ( born 15 September 1995 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a centre back for PSV Eindhoven .
Giovanni Hiwat ( born 11 November 1993 ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a winger for Sparta Rotterdam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Katsuya Ishihara ( 石原 克哉 , born 2 October 1978 in Yamanashi ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Ventforet Kofu .
Vincent van den Berg ( born 19 January 1989 , Schiedam ) is a Dutch footballer , who currently plays for Excelsior Maassluis .
Dylan Yeo ( born July 16 , 1986 in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Straubing Tigers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Cristian Damián Leyes ( born January 14 , 1986 ) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Guaraní Antonio Franco in the Primera B Nacional , on loan from Quilmes .
Arianna Criscione is an American soccer goalkeeper of Italian descent , currently playing for AS Saint - Étienne .
Toran James ( Born March 8 , 1974 ) is a former professional American football linebacker who has played for the San Diego Chargers , Seattle Seahawks , and the Las Vegas Outlaws of the defunct XFL .
Todd Goldstein ( born 1 July 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Cecilio Domínguez ( born 11 August 1994 ) is a Paraguayan football Forward who plays for Cerro Porteño in the Paraguayan Primera División .
Ronny Philp ( born 28 January 1989 ) is a Romanian - German footballer who plays for 1 . FC Heidenheim in the 2 .
Pernell Davis ( born May 19 , 1976 ) is a former American football defensive tackle who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Philadelphia Eagles for one season .
On 3 January 2011 , Luiz Gustavo was signed by FC Bayern Munich .
Carlos Chacana ( Hebrew : קרלוס צ'קאנה‎ ; born 23 June 1976 in San Miguel de Tucumán ) is an Argentine - Israeli professional football ( soccer ) player who is currently contracted to San Martín de Tucumán .
Toa Kohe - Love has previously played for the Bradford Bulls , Warrington Wolves , Leigh Centurions and Hull .
Peter Valla ( born 20 March 1990 in Skalica ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for PFK Piešťany , on loan from the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK AS Trenčín .
Alessandro Riolo ( born 16 November 1978 in Crotone , Italy ) is an Italian footballer who played as an offensive midfielder for Italian Promozione teams A.S. Cutro , Rende Calcio , Cisco Roma and U.S. Vibonese Calcio .
Víctor Andrés Andrés ( born 21 October 1988 in Soria , Castile and León ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Atlético Astorga FC as a midfielder .
Josep Maria Fusté Blanch ( born 15 April 1941 ) is a retired Spanish footballer and captain of FC Barcelona during the 1960s and early 1970s .
Lene Lund Høy Karlsen ( born June 8 , 1979 ) is a Danish former handball player who lastly played in Viborg HK .
William Carl Doyle ( July 30 , 1912 in Knoxville , Tennessee -- September 4 , 1951 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1935 to 1940 for the Philadelphia Athletics , Brooklyn Dodgers and St. Louis Cardinals .
Craig Wylie ( born 10 February 1984 ) is a New Zealand soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Waitakere United .
Tom Allison ( 29 February 1944 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Alexei Belov ( born on December 9 , 1986 ) is a Russian ice hockey goalie who is currently playing for Kristall Saratov team in Russia .
Joaquim Adão ( born 14 July 1992 ) is an Angolan footballer who currently plays for FC Sion as a defensive midfielder .
Chad Curtis ( born November 6 , 1968 ) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball who played from 1992 - -2001 , for the California Angels , Detroit Tigers , Los Angeles Dodgers , Cleveland Indians , New York Yankees and Texas Rangers .
Kimmo Eronen ( born September 7 , 1971 in Turku , Finland ) is a professional Finnish ice hockey player who split the 2009 - -10 season with Jokerit in the SM - liiga and TuTo and KooKoo of the Mestis .
Antonin Bobichon ( born 14 September 1995 ) is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Nîmes Olympique as a striker .
Bernard Jackman ( born 5 May 1976 ) is a former Irish rugby union player who played for Connacht , Leinster and Sale Sharks .
Gildas Kiwoko Mouyabi is a Congolese professional footballer , who plays as a Goal keeper for AC Léopards .
Frank Naleway ( July 5 , 1902 - January 28 , 1949 ) nicknamed `` Chick '' , was a Major League Baseball player for the Chicago White Sox in 1924 .
Pineas Jacob ( born 29 October 1985 ) is a Namibian football ( soccer ) defender with Ramblers F.C. and the Namibia national football team .
Carel Hendrik Fourie , generally known as Hendre Fourie ( born 19 September 1979 in Burgersdorp , Eastern Cape ) , is a retired South African professional Rugby footballer who finished his career playing for Aviva Premiership side Sale Sharks after signing from Leeds Carnegie in the Summer of 2011 .
Heine Fernandez ( born Heine Lavrsen on 14 July 1966 ) is a Danish former football player , who played the bulk of his career for Viborg FF and Silkeborg IF .
Lukas Steinhauer ( born August 27 , 1992 ) is a German professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the EHC Klostersee in the Oberliga , the tier 3 league in Germany .
Udo Horsmann ( born 30 March 1952 in Beckum , Germany ) is a German former footballer who played for FC Bayern Munich and was part of their European Cup winning team in 1976 .
Hossein Baghlani ( Persian : حسین بغلانی‎‎ ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the IPL .
Messaoud Aït Abderrahmane ( born November 6 , 1970 ) is a former Algerian football player who spent the majority of his career with JS Kabylie .
Tyrone McGriff ( January 13 , 1958 -- December 9 , 2000 ) was an American football center and guard who played in the National Football League with the Pittsburgh Steelers for three seasons .
Francisco das Chagas Soares dos Santos ( born 17 January 1991 in Sousa , Paraíba ) , known as Francisco Soares , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portuguese club C.D. Nacional .
Kourouma Fatoukouma ( born 11 July 1984 in Saint - Étienne ) is an Nigerien professional footballer who plays as a defender for Chabab Rif Al Hoceima .
Dmytro Ivanov ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Володимирович Іванов : born 30 September 1989 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present - day Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian goalkeeper is currently playing for Ukrainian club FC Nyva Ternopil .
Yann Thomas ( born 16 April 1990 in Bristol ) is a rugby union footballer , currently playing in the Aviva Premiership for Gloucester Rugby .
Miloš Radulović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Радуловић ; born 23 February 1990 ) is a Montenegrin football defender playing with FK Mladost Podgorica .
Jean - Philip Chabot ( born March 31 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing with the Anglet Hormadi Élite of the FFHG Division 1 , the second tier level of France .
Uwe Scherr ( born November 16 , 1966 in Amberg ) is a German former footballer who is currently a scout with FC Schalke 04 .
Andrew Carrazzo ( born 15 December 1983 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Zoltán Végh ( born 7 April 1971 ) is a Hungarian professional goalkeeper currently playing for Ferencvárosi TC .
Rosangela Settanni , a.k.a . Rose Settanni , is a Luxembourgian football midfielder currently serving as a player - coach for Jeunesse Junglinster in Luxembourg 's 1st League .
Eftim Aksentiev ( Macedonian : Ефтим Аксентиев ) ( born 17 August 1985 ) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia that plays as a midfielder / striker for FK Bregalnica Štip
Tebogo Langerman ( born 6 May 1986 in Johannesburg ) is a South African football player who plays as a left - winger and left - back for Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. in the Premier Soccer League and South Africa .
Marquez Pope ( born October 29 , 1970 , in Nashville , Tennessee ) is a former professional American football player who was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the 2nd round ( 33rd overall ) of the 1992 NFL Draft .
Saloum Faal ( born 2nd November 1995 in Gambia ) is a professional footballer currently playing for FC Jazz in the Finnish second tier Ykkönen .
Anthony Braizat ( born 16 August 1977 in Saint - Raphaël , Var ) is a French association football coach who most notably played for Toulouse and AS Cannes , before playing for Swiss side Servette FC from 2008 to 2010 .
Tomasz Mokwa ( born 10 February 1993 ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Piast Gliwice in the Ekstraklasa .
Lukáš Haraslín ( born 26 May 1996 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Ekstraklasa club Lechia Gdańsk .
Excellent Walaza ( born 8 April 1987 in Soweto , Gauteng ) is a South African football ( soccer ) striker for Premier Soccer League club Vasco da Gama and South Africa .
Jari Oosterwijk ( born 3 March 1995 in Lettele ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for FC Twente in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Pascal Jampy ( born May 1 , 1973 in France ) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Catalans Dragons club in the Super League competition .
Miloš Mrvaljević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Мрваљевић , born 13 February 1989 in Belgrade ) is a Montenegrin footballer playing with FK Sloga Temerin .
Andi Oddang ( born in Makassar , 16 September 1977 ) is an Indonesian national football player who currently plays for PSM Makassar .
Christian Sørensen ( born 6 August 1992 in Denmark ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Danish 1st Division side Silkeborg IF .
Wanderson Maciel Sousa Campos ( 7 October 1994 ) , known as Wanderson or Wamberto , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Getafe CF as a winger .
Julian Feoli - Gudino ( born June 22 , 1987 , in San José , Costa Rica ) is a Canadian football wide receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Faisal Ali Hassan Salem bin Aqeel ( or romanized as bin Akil ) ( born 28 December 1981 ) is an Emarati footballer who currently plays for Dubai CSC .
Erick Neres da Cruz ( born 24 August 1988 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer , who plays for Harrisburg City Islanders , as a Midfielder .
Dušan Đokić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Ђокић ; born February 20 , 1980 in Prokuplje ) is a Serbian football player who currently playing for FK Zemun .
Dwight Hicks ( born April 5 , 1956 ) is a former professional American football player who played safety for the Toronto Argonauts in 1978 , the San Francisco 49ers from 1979 to 1985 , and for the Indianapolis Colts in 1986 .
Anthony Briançon ( born 28 November 1994 ) is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Nîmes Olympique as a defensive midfielder .
Chloe Hosking ( born 1 October 1990 ) is an Australian professional racing cyclist for Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) team Wiggle - Honda .
Beau Molenaar ( born 10 March 1985 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Norwegian club Åkra IL , having previously played for FK Haugesund , Notodden FK , Apollon Limassol , AZ , FC Omniworld and Skeid .
Elena Terekhova is a Russian international footballer who currently plays for Ryazan VDV .
Kevin Weekes ( born April 4 , 1975 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who most recently played for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Özgür Özkaya ( born 8 February 1988 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a Defender for Boluspor .
Fabian Bäcker ( born 28 May 1990 in Rotenburg an der Fulda , Hesse ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for Kickers Offenbach .
Mamadu Samba Candé ( born 23 September 1992 in Cascais , Portugal ) , known as Sambinha , is a Guinea - Bissauan professional footballer who plays for New England Revolution on loan from Sporting Clube de Portugal B as a central defender .
Libor Koníček ( born 14 July 1995 ) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for DOXXbet liga club TJ Iskra Borčice .
Aleksandar Stoyanov ( Bulgarian : Александър Стоянов ; born 25 July 1986 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for FC Bansko as a goalkeeper .
Maciej Jankowski ( born 4 January 1990 in Warsaw ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Piast Gliwice as a striker .
Renaldo Balkman ( born July 14 , 1984 ) is a Puerto Rican - American professional basketball player who currently plays for Capitanes de Arecibo of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional ( BSN ) .
Calle Rosén ( born February 2 , 1994 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman , currently playing for Frölunda HC in the Elitserien ( SEL ) .
Emmett Dunne ( born 11 June 1956 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) between 1976 and 1983 for the Richmond Football Club and then from 1984 until 1985 for the Footscray Football Club .
Diego Rovira ( born September 26 , 1982 in Lima , Peru ) is an American indoor soccer who formerly played for the San Diego Sockers in the Professional Arena Soccer League .
Karsten Wettberg ( born 10 November 1941 in Friesack ) is a former German football player and current manager of SV Seligenporten in the Regionalliga Bayern .
Juan Kely Guerrón Vasquez ( born 21 October 1983 ) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Deportivo Quito in the Ecuadorian Serie A.
Mehdi Cheriet ( born April 12 , 1987 ) is a French - Algerian professional basketball player who currently plays for Chorale Roanne Basket of the LNB Pro B in France .
László Bojtor ( born 17 September 1985 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian football ( forward ) player who plays for Egri FC .
Paul Jata ( born September 4 , 1949 ) is a former Major League Baseball utility player who played 32 games with the 1972 Detroit Tigers .
Arthur Justin Beriault ( born August 23 , 1981 ) is a former American football player who played strong safety in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys .
Marian Hristov ( Bulgarian : Мариян Христов ) ( born 29 July 1973 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who last played for PFC Balkan Botevgrad of the Bulgarian B PFG .
Henry Hack Eibel ( December 6 , 1893 -- October 16 , 1945 ) was a utility player in Major League Baseball who played for the Cleveland Naps ( 1912 ) and Boston Red Sox ( 1920 ) .
Luke Hodge ( born 15 June 1984 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Abdulaziz Hamsal ( born March 1 , 1987 ) is a right back who currently plays for Najran SC in the Saudi Professional League .
Krzysztof Kamiński ( born 26 November 1990 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Júbilo Iwata in the Japan .
Nemanja Andrić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Heмaњa Aндpић ; born June 13 , 1987 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football midfielder currently playing with Győri ETO FC .
Mathias Engebretsen ( born 24 January 1993 ) is a Norwegian footballer who is playing as a midfielder for Kvik Halden FK .
Jordy Bruijn ( born 24 May 1996 ) is a Dutch professional football player who plays for Jong Ajax as a midfielder .
Lonnie Perrin ( born February 3 , 1952 ) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos , the Chicago Bears , and the Washington Redskins .
Ján Popluhár ( 12 September 1935 -- 6 March 2011 ) was a former Slovak football player who played primarily for club ŠK Slovan Bratislava and was also a member of the Czechoslovakia national team , playing in two World Cups ( 1958 and 1962 ) .
Branimir Hrgota ( born 12 January 1993 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a striker for Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga .
Mike Keim ( born November 12 , 1965 in Anaheim , California ) is a former professional American football player who played tackle for five seasons for the New Orleans Saints and Seattle Seahawks .
Pablo Daniel Pereira Coitiño , better known as Pablo Pereira ( born April 24 , 1985 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) , is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Unión Temuco .
Jan - Lucas Dorow ( born 26 April 1993 ) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for 1 . FC Kaiserslautern in the 2 .
Drilon Musaj ( born 11 September 1994 ) is a Kosovar - Albanian footballer who plays as an midfielder for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga .
Tarek Chahed ( born 23 June 1996 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1 . FC Magdeburg in the German 3 .
Gökcan Kaya ( born 7 August 1995 ) is a Danish footballer of Turkish descent , who plays as a midfielder for Danish Superliga - side Hobro IK .
Pablo Mastroeni ( born August 29 , 1976 ) is a retired Argentine - born American soccer player and current head coach of the Colorado Rapids .
Benjamin van Wanrooy ( born 4 September 1990 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for NAC Breda .
George Dublin ( born February 11 , 1977 ) is an Antiguan footballer , currently playing for Antigua Barracuda FC in the USL Professional Division .
Gerard Gumbau Garriga ( born 18 December 1994 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona B. Mainly a defensive midfielder , he can also play as a central midfielder or central defender .
Luis Miguel Aparecido Alves ( born May 25 , 1985 ) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Iraklis Psachna F.C ..
Nico Gutjahr ( born 15 May 1993 ) is German football midfielder who plays for the Würzburger Kickers .
Julien Dupuy born 19 December 1983 is a rugby union player for Stade Français in the Top 14 .
Tomáš Satoranský ( born October 30 , 1991 ) is a Czech professional basketball player who plays for FC Barcelona Bàsquet of the Liga ACB .
Dejan Dimitrovski ( Macedonian : Дејан Димитровски ; born 29 September 1979 ) is a retired Macedonian football defender , who was last played for FK Bregalnica Štip .
Martin Gélinas ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒeliˈna ) ; born June 5 , 1970 ) is a Canadian former ice hockey forward who played 1,273 games in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Edmonton Oilers , Quebec Nordiques , Vancouver Canucks , Carolina Hurricanes , Calgary Flames , Florida Panthers and Nashville Predators .
Gustavo Campanharo known as Campanharo ( born 4 April 1992 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Ligue 2 side Evian Thonon Gaillard F.C. on loan from CA Bragantino .
Sylvanus Nimely ( born 4 September 1998 ) is an Liberia international footballer who plays as a forward for Liberian Premier League side Monrovia Club Breweries .
Tiziano Pasquali ( born 14 July 1994 ) is an Italian rugby union footballer who plays for Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership .
Papa Niang ( born October 7 , 1988 ) is a Senegalese football player , who currently plays for FF Jaro in Finland .
Luiyi Lugo ( born 21 February 1994 ) is a Dominican international footballer who plays for FC Wohlen in Switzerland , as a midfielder .
Paul Guerin ( born 26 September 1997 ) is a French footballer who plays for French club Gazélec Ajaccio in Ligue 1 .
Lucas Rougeaux ( born 10 March 1994 ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a centre back in Championnat National for US Boulogne , on loan from OGC Nice .
Ahmed Abdel - Qader Ahmed Abu Ismail commonly known as Ahmed Abdel - Qader ( Arabic : أحمد عبد القادر أحمد أبو إسماعيل‎ ; born 10 November 1968 ) is a Jordanian football manager and a former footballer who is the current assistant manager of Jordan national football team .
Chris Reis ( born September 19 , 1983 ) played as an American football safety for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League .
George Slefendorfas ( born 9 December 1987 ) is a Papua New Guinean born Australian association footballer , who currently plays for Waitakere United in the New Zealand ASB Premiership .
Muwahid Sesay ( born June 15 , 1984 in Freetown ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays as a striker for Ports Authority F.C. in the Sierra Leone National Premier League .
Mikel Arruabarrena Aranbide ( born 9 February 1983 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Huesca on loan from SD Eibar as a centre forward .
Pierita was a historic Elche CF player in the 1940s and 1950s and is the top scorer in the history of Elche with 123 goals in over 200 league games .
Born in Moita , Setúbal District , Carlos Manuel made his football debuts with G.D. CUF , moving in 1978 to F.C. Barreirense .
Arjan Mostafa ( Arabic : ارجان مصطفى‎ , born 5 May 1994 ) is an Iraqi forward who currently plays for Iraqi Premier League club Zakho FC .
Mirano Carrilho ( born July 19 , 1975 in Amsterdam , Netherlands ) is a football player , who moved from FC Dordrecht to MK Dons in 2005 on a short - term deal after a trial period .
Firdaus Idros is a Singaporean footballer who plays as a winger for S.League side Tampines Rovers FC .
Jens Toornstra ( born 4 April 1989 in Leiderdorp ) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for Eredivisie side Feyenoord .
Matthew Rees ( born 9 December 1980 in Tonyrefail , Wales ) is a Wales and British and Irish Lions international rugby union footballer who currently plays for the Cardiff Blues .
Norman Guest was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s , ' 40s and ' 50s , playing at representative level for Yorkshire , and at club level for Castleford , and Featherstone Rovers , as a Fullback , or Centre , i.e. number 1 or , 3 or 4 .
Marek Wasiluk ( born June 3 , 1987 in Białystok ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Jagiellonia Białystok .
Christian Heffernan ( born June 15 , 1978 , in London , Ontario ) is a former professional Canadian football wide receiver who played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
Austen King ( born May 2 , 1990 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Louisville City FC in the USL on loan from Carolina RailHawks in the North American Soccer League .
Billal Ouali ( born May 15 , 1987 in M'Sila ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Umidjan Astanow ( born 11 August 1990 ) is a Turkmenistan footballer currently playing for FC Altyn Asyr in the Ýokary Liga and Turkmenistan national football team .
Carl Theodore Vogelgesang ( January 11 , 1869 -- February 16 , 1927 ) was a United States Navy rear admiral and Navy Cross recipient .
The Robin Hood Battalion was a unit of the Volunteer Force of the British Army and Territorial Force , later the Territorial Army .
Moses Hazen ( June 1 , 1733 -- February 5 , 1803 ) was a Brigadier General in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War .
Mark T. Emerson is a rear admiral in the United States Navy .
Joseph Cabell Breckinridge ( 6 March 1872 -- 11 February 1898 ) was an officer in the United States Navy in the Spanish--
Monroe W. Hatch Jr. ( born November 20 , 1933 ) is a former General in the United States Air Force and the former Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force .
Hudson Van Etten ( May 17 , 1874 -- October 27 , 1941 ) was a seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
William Badders ( September 15 , 1901 -- November 23 , 1986 ) was a diver in the United States Navy and a recipient of the highest American military decoration , the Medal of Honor .
Lieutenant Francis Anthony Blair Fasson , GC ( 17 July 1913 -- 30 October 1942 ) , known as Tony Fasson , was a British Royal Navy officer .
Lee F. Gunn ( born in Michigan ) is a retired Vice Admiral and former Naval Inspector General of the United States Navy .
Bertrand Stewart ( December 1872 -- 18 September 1914 ) worked as a solicitor in London and was also a military officer in the Queen 's Own West Kent Yeomanry , he fought in the Second Boer War and World War I. In between the two wars he volunteered to spy on German naval actions .
Field Marshal Sir Hew Dalrymple Ross , GCB ( 5 July 1779 -- 10 December 1868 ) was a British Army officer .
Robert Roddam ( 1719 -- 31 March 1808 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the War of the Austrian Succession , the Seven Years ' War , and the American War of Independence .
Lieutenant - General James Murray , 1st Baron Glenlyon FRS KCH ( 29 May 1782 -- 12 October 1837 ) was a British Army officer , member of parliament and peer .
Lucius Theus ( October 11 , 1922 -- October 15 , 2007 ) was a Major General in the United States Air Force .
The Regiment Huzaren Prins Alexander is an armoured regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army , named after Prince Alexander , the second son of King Willem II . This regiment represented the former 3rd Hussars Regiment , formed in 1814 ( origins date back to 1672 ) .
General Michael O'Brien Dilkes ( 1698 -- August 1775 ) was an Irish soldier of the British Army .
Major - General Lachlan Macquarie CB ( /məˈkwɒrɪ/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Lachann MacGuaire ; 31 January 1762 -- 1 July 1824 ) was a British Army officer and colonial administrator from Scotland .
Major - General Sir John Clayton Cowell PC KCB ( 1832 - -1894 ) was a British Army officer and later Master of the Queen 's Household and Governor of Windsor Castle .
John B. Nathman ( born April 11 , 1948 ) is a retired United States Navy admiral who served as the Commander , U.S. Fleet Forces Command until 17 May 2007 .
John Trippe ( 1785 -- 9 July 1810 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Quasi - War with France and the First Barbary War .
The 19th Royal Hussars ( Queen Alexandra 's Own ) was a cavalry regiment of the British Army , created in 1857 and amalgamated to form the 15th/19th Hussars in 1922 .
Oliver Edwards ( January 30 , 1835 -- April 28 , 1904 ) was a machine company executive , an inventor , and a volunteer officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Lloyd Thomas ( March 10 , 1912 -- June 4 , 1942 ) was an aviator in United States Navy who was killed in action in World War II during the Battle of Midway while attacking an Imperial Japanese Navy aircraft carrier .
George Zinn was a Union Army officer in the American Civil War .
The 75th ( Highland ) Regiment of Foot , later redesignated the 75th Regiment of Foot and , later still , the 75th ( Stirlingshire ) Regiment of Foot , was a British Army line infantry regiment .
Henry Granville Sharpe ( April 30 , 1858 -- July 13 , 1947 ) was the 24th Quartermaster General of the United States Army from 1916 to 1918 .
Donald J. Harlin ( August 14 , 1935 -- February 9 , 2015 ) was an American Air Force major general who served as Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force .
Anthony Wayne ( January 1 , 1745 -- December 15 , 1796 ) was a United States Army officer , statesman , and member of the United States House of Representatives .
Captain Edward Zellem has served as a United States Navy officer for the past 28 years , has lived in six countries and has visited at least 50 others .
The 210th Independent Infantry Brigade ( Home ) ( 210 Bde ) was an infantry brigade formation of the British Army organised during World War II to command a group of newly raised Home Defence battalions .
Rear Admiral Claud Ashton Jones ( October 7 , 1885 -- August 8 , 1948 ) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy , and a Medal of Honor recipient .
Lieutenant General Charles Brisbane Ewart CB ( 15 May 1827 -- 8 August 1903 ) was a British Army officer who became Lieutenant Governor of Jersey .
General Sir Patrick Leonard MacDougall , KCMG ( 10 August 1819 -- 28 November 1894 ) was a British Army officer who became Commander of the British Troops in Canada .
John J. Van Buren ( 1915 - -1942 ) was a United States Navy officer who received the Distinguished Flying Cross and Navy Cross for his actions in combat during World War II .
Vice Admiral Muzaffar Hassan , HQA , SPk , was the last Commander - in - Chief of the Pakistan Navy from 1969 to 1972 , and led the Pakistan Navy during the Indo - Pakistan Naval Operations of the 1971 Indo - Pakistan War .
Brigadier Charles Esmond de Wolff CB CBE ( 25 November 1893 -- 12 October 1986 ) was a British Army officer .
George Frederick Mager ( February 23 , 1875- April 12 , 1938 ) was an apprentice first class serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
Major General Chesley G. Peterson ( 1920 - -1990 ) was a career officer in the United States Air Force .
MacGillivray Milne ( August 19 , 1882 -- January 26 , 1959 ) was a United States Navy Captain , and the 27th Governor of American Samoa from January 20 , 1936 , to June 3 , 1938 .
Thomas Andrews Drake ( born 1957 ) is a former senior executive of the U.S. National Security Agency ( NSA ) , a decorated United States Air Force and United States Navy veteran , and a whistleblower .
John James Doran ( July 6 , 1864 -- February 16 , 1904 ) was a Boatswain 's Mate , 2nd Class in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
Damon M. Cummings was a United States Navy officer who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions during World War II .
John Carson Febiger ( 14 February 1821 -- 9 October 1898 ) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy , who served with distinction in the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 -- September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .
The 52nd ( Lowland ) Infantry Division was an infantry division of the British Army that was originally formed as the Lowland Division , in 1908 as part of the Territorial Force .
The Essex Brigade , later 161st Brigade and 161st Infantry Brigade , was a volunteer infantry brigade formation of the British Army in existence from 1888 until 1941 , and again from 1947 .
William Prowse CB ( 1752 -- 23 March 1826 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy , who saw service during the American War of Independence , and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Vladimir Georgiyevich Titov ( Russian : Владимир Георгиевич Титов ) , Colonel , Russian Air Force , Ret . , and former Russian cosmonaut was born January 1 , 1947 , in Sretensk , in the Zabaykalsky Krai region of Russia .
Walter Colquhoun Grant ( 27 May 1822 -- 27 August 1861 ) was British Army officer and a pioneer settler in what is today British Columbia .
Günther Rüdel ( 1883 - -1950 ) was a German general in the Luftwaffe during World War II .
Lieutenant - General Sir Hew Dalrymple Fanshawe , KCB , KCMG , ( 30 October 1860 -- 24 March 1957 ) was a British Army general of the First World War , who commanded V Corps on the Western Front and the 18th Indian Division in the Mesopotamian Campaign .
Colonel James Baldwin - Webb TD ( born 1894 - died 18 September 1940 ) was a British Army officer , businessman , and Conservative Party politician who served in the House of Commons as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for The Wrekin from 1931 to his death in 1940 .
The Queen 's Own Cameron Highlanders was a line infantry regiment of the British Army formed in 1793 .
Part of the Merwede ( the Nieuwe Merwede ) rejoins the Bergse Maas to from the Hollands Diep estuary .
The Clackamas River is an approximately 83-mile ( 134 km ) tributary of the Willamette River in northwestern Oregon , in the United States .
Lansdowne River , a watercourse of the Manning River catchment , is located in the Mid North Coast district of New South Wales , Australia .
Just a few miles west of the mouth of the Taz River , the Pur River flows into the Taz Estuary , which is connected through the Gulf of Ob with the Kara Sea .
The Bedford Creek ( officially designated as a river ) rises near Bodington Hill , between Bullaburra and Wentworth Falls , and flows generally south - east and south , before reaching its confluence with the Glen Erskine Creek to form the Erskine Creek , in remote country south - east of Mount Gibson , south of Woodford .
The Widawa ( German : Weide ) is a river in Poland , a right - bank tributary of the Oder River .
The Iskut River is the largest tributary of the Stikine River in northwestern British Columbia , Canada , entering it a few miles above its entry into Alaska .
The Eisch is a river flowing through Belgium and Luxembourg , joining the Alzette on its left in Mersch .
In classical times the Ceyhan River reached the Mediterranean Sea at Mallus .
The Côa River is a tributary of the Douro River , in central and northeastern Portugal .
The River Roding is a river in England that rises near Dunmow , flows through Essex and forms Barking Creek as it reaches the River Thames in London .
The Chavanga River originates from the Lake Nizhnee Ondomozero and flows into the White Sea .
The Kupa ( Croatian ) or Kolpa ( Slovene , from Latin : Colapis in Roman times ) river , a right tributary of the Sava , forms a natural border between north - west Croatia and southeast Slovenia .
The Halfway River is a tributary of the Peace River in northeastern British Columbia , Canada .
The Guadalete River is located in the Spanish province of Cádiz , rising in the Sierra de Grazalema Natural Park at an elevation of about 1,000 metres ( 3,300 ft ) , and running for 172 kilometres ( 107 mi ) into the Bay of Cádiz at El Puerto de Santa Maria , south of the city of Cádiz .
The Cannonball River ( Lakota : Íŋyaŋwakağapi Wakpá and in Hidatsa : Asihtia ) is a tributary of the Missouri River , approximately 135 mi ( 217 km ) long , in southwestern North Dakota in the United States .
The Ziller is an approximately 47 km long right - side tributary to the Inn River , in the Zillertal in Tyrol , Austria .
It joins with the East Rigaud River which rises to the south of it and flows north to empty into the Ottawa River at Rigaud , Quebec .
The Fortore flows into the Adriatic Sea not far from Lake Lesina .
In Hopfgarten the Windauer Ache discharges into the Brixentaler Ache at a narrow point in the valley ; the Brixentaler Ache in turn empties into the River Inn at Wörgl .
The Barcoo River in western Queensland , Australia rises on the northern slopes of the Warrego Range , flows in a south westerly direction and unites with the Thomson River to form Cooper Creek .
The Brixentaler Ache is a right tributary of the River Inn in Austria .
The Apure River is a river of southwestern Venezuela , formed by the confluence of the Sarare and Uribante near Guasdualito , in Venezuela , at 7 ° 15′N 70 ° 40′W , and flowing across the llanos into the Orinoco .
The Willamette River ( i / wɨˈlæmɨt/ wil - LAM - it ) is a major tributary of the Columbia River , accounting for 12 to 15 percent of the Columbia 's flow .
The Gélise ( pronounced : ( ʒeliːz ) ) is a tributary of the Baïse River in Gascony , southwestern France .
In Norse mythology , Mímisbrunnr ( Old Norse `` Mímir 's well '' ) is a well associated with the being Mímir , located beneath the world tree Yggdrasil .
Logan International Airport ( officially General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport ) ( IATA : BOS , ICAO : KBOS , FAA LID : BOS ) is an international airport located in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , United States , ( and partly in the town of Winthrop , Massachusetts ) .
The Klein Sexual Orientation Grid ( KSOG ) developed by Fritz Klein attempts to measure sexual orientation by expanding upon the earlier Kinsey scale .
The Morris water navigation task was conceived by Richard G. Morris ( then at the University of St Andrews ) in 1981 as an alternative to the radial maze .
USS Sarsfield ( DD-837 ) , a , was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named after Eugene S. Sarsfield , an officer and commander of the .
The Lala Mustafa Pasha Mosque originally known as Saint Nicholas 's Cathedral and later as the Ayasofya ( Saint Sophia ) Mosque of Magusa , is the largest medieval building in Famagusta , Northern Cyprus .
In mathematics , the Hermite constant , named after Charles Hermite , determines how short an element of a lattice in Euclidean space can be .
Palü Lake ( Romansh : Lagh da Palü , German Palüsee ) is a lake below Piz Palü in the Grisons , Switzerland .
In geometry , a Lambert quadrilateral , named after Johann Heinrich Lambert , is a quadrilateral three of whose angles are right angles .
In geometry , Monge 's theorem , named after Gaspard Monge , states that for any three circles in a plane , none of which is inside one of the others , the intersection points of each of the three pairs of external tangent lines are collinear .
These numbers are called the Lagrange numbers , and are named after Joseph Louis Lagrange .
518 Halawe is a minor planet orbiting the Sun . It is named after the middle - eastern confectionery Halva .
Tarski 's circle - squaring problem is the challenge , posed by Alfred Tarski in 1925 , to take a disc in the plane , cut it into finitely many pieces , and reassemble the pieces so as to get a square of equal area .
In particle physics , the Dirac equation is a relativistic wave equation derived by British physicist Paul Dirac in 1928 .
A sample hello world program for Cython is more complex than in most languages because it interfaces with the Python C API and the distutils extension building facility .
Jermyn Street was created by and named after Henry Jermyn , 1st Earl of St Albans , as part of his development of the St James 's area of central London , around the year 1664 .
The O'Neill cylinder ( also called an O'Neill colony ) is a space settlement design proposed by American physicist Gerard K. O'Neill in his 1976 book The High Frontier :
The play is based upon an actual historical incident that took place in the village of Fuenteovejuna ( now called Fuente Obejuna ) in Castile in 1476 .
The Carnot cycle is a theoretical thermodynamic cycle proposed by Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot in 1824 and expanded upon by others in the 1830s and 1840s .
The Majakowskiring ( named after Vladimir Mayakovsky ) is an ellipse - shaped street in the Pankow district of Berlin , Germany , in the Niederschönhausen locality .
The Edelstam Prize , named after Harald Edelstam , is awarded annually by the Harald Edelstam Foundation .
The origins of the company are complex , going back to the early 20th century and the initial enterprises ( Horch and the Audiwerke ) founded by engineer August Horch ; and two other manufacturers ( DKW and Wanderer ) , leading to the foundation of Auto Union in 1932 .
The Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz ( German : Johannes Gutenberg - Universität Mainz ) is a university in Mainz , Rhineland Palatinate , Germany , named after the printer Johannes Gutenberg .
Pineia is named after the river Pineios , which forms its northern border .
Stubøprisen ( an Award initiated in 1989 , in memory of the late guitar viurtuoso and Northern Norway Enthusiast Thorgeir Stubø ) is the highest honor given to a Northern Norwegian Jazz musician .
Stanford University , officially Leland Stanford Junior University , is a private research university in Stanford , California , and one of the world 's most prestigious institutions , with the top position in numerous rankings and measures in the United States .
Catalan 's constant was named after Eugène Charles Catalan .
`` La Joconde '' is the French name of the Mona Lisa , which like about half of the collections of the Louvre , is included in the database , as one of 295 items by ( 42 including 6 paintings ) , after , or connected with Leonardo da Vinci .
The Hasso Plattner Institute ( Hasso - Plattner - Institut für Softwaresystemtechnik GmbH ) , shortly HPI , is a German information technology university college , affiliated to the University of Potsdam and is located in Potsdam - Babelsberg nearby Berlin .
The Humboldt Prize , also known as the Humboldt Research Award , is an award given by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation to internationally renowned scientists and scholars .
The Dawkins Revolution was a series of Australian tertiary education reforms instituted by the then Labor Education Minister ( 1987 - -92 ) John Dawkins .
DjVu ( /ˌdeɪʒɑːˈvuː/ DAY - zhah - VOO , like French : déjà vu ( deʒavy ) ) is a computer file format designed primarily to store scanned documents , especially those containing a combination of text , line drawings , indexed color images , and photographs .
Ip Man 3 is a 2015 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film directed by Wilson Yip , produced by Raymond Wong and written by Edmond Wong .
Always Be the Winners is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jacky Pang and starring Tony Leung Chiu - Wai , Tony Leung Ka - fai , Eric Tsang , Sandra Ng , Ekin Cheng and Charine Chan .
Soul of Sand ( Hindi : Pairon Talle ) is a 2010 Indian drama film directed by Sidarth Srinivasan , about a lower caste watchman , Bhanu Kumar who stands guard at his master Lakhmichand Ahlawat 's abandoned silica mine on the outskirts of Delhi .
Grace of My Heart is a 1996 film written and directed by Allison Anders , set in the pop music world , starting in New York 's Brill Building early 1960s era , weaving through the California Sound of the mid ' 60s and culminating with the adult - contemporary scene of the early 1970s .
Set in 17th century London , Sexing the Cherry is about the journeys of a mother , known as The Dog Woman , and her protégé , Jordan .
The Lemon Drop Kid ( Bob Hope ) , a New York City swindler , is illegally touting horses at a Florida racetrack .
The L Word is an American / Canadian co - production television drama series portraying the lives of a group of lesbian , bisexual , straight and transgender people and their friends , connections , family and lovers in the trendy Greater Los Angeles , California city of West Hollywood .
The Last Bastion is a television mini - series which aired in Australia in November 1984 .
Princess of Gossip tells the story of Avery Johnson , a fourteen - year - old high school freshman who just moved from Ohio to Southern California .
He completed The Rise of Silas Lapham while living at 302 Beacon Street in Boston .
Could n't Be Fairer is a 1984 Australian documentary film directed by Dennis O'Rourke and narrated by Aboriginal activist Mick Miller , which paints a disturbing portrait of Aboriginal life in Australia 's Deep South , the northern state of Queensland .
Seitsemän veljestä ( Finnish for `` seven brothers '' ) is the first and only novel by Aleksis Kivi , the national author of Finland , and it is widely regarded as the first significant novel written in Finnish and by a Finnish - speaking author .
The first performance was presented at the Royal Opera House , London , in 1953 during the celebrations of the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II . Gloriana was the name given by the 16th - century poet Edmund Spenser to his character representing Queen Elizabeth I in his poem The Faerie Queene .
Triviatown - It 's the World 's Biggest Trivia Contest is a 2006 documentary directed by Patrick Cady and Brit McAdams about the world 's largest trivia contest in Stevens Point , Wisconsin .
An Autumn 's Tale is a 1987 Hong Kong romantic drama film set in New York City starring Chow Yun - fat , Cherie Chung , and Danny Chan .
Turist Ömer or Ömer the Tourist is a recurring character in a series of comic films made in Turkey between 1964 and 1973 .
A Christmas Carol in Prose , Being a Ghost - Story of Christmas , commonly known as A Christmas Carol , is a novella by Charles Dickens , first published in London by Chapman & Hall on 19 December 1843 .
Do n't Ever Wipe Tears Without Gloves ( Swedish : Torka aldrig tårar utan handskar ) is a 2012 three - part Swedish TV drama about the impact of AIDS in Stockholm 's gay community in the early 1980s .
All About Ah - Long ( Chinese : 阿郎的故事 , Taiwan title:又見阿郎 ) is a 1989 Hong Kong drama film directed by Johnnie To and starring Chow Yun - fat and Sylvia Chang , whom also serve as the film 's storywriters .
One Flea Spare , by Naomi Wallace , is an award - winning play set in plague - ravaged 17th Century London .
Madeinusa is a 2005 film set in the fictional indigenous village of Manayaycuna ( `` the town no one can enter '' in Quechua ) in the Peruvian Andes .
Set and mostly taking place in New York City , Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna explores themes of adultery and extramarital affairs .
Originally set in an apartment building in New York City , I Love Lucy centers on Lucy Ricardo ( Lucille Ball ) and her singer / bandleader husband Ricky Ricardo ( Desi Arnaz ) , along with their best friends and landlords Fred Mertz ( William Frawley ) and Ethel Mertz ( Vivian Vance ) .
On the Wrong Track is a 1983 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Andy Lau , Jeem Yim , Elliot Ngok , Prudence Liew and introducing the then newcomer actress Winnie Chin .
Even though the background setting for Drop Dead Diva is Los Angeles , California , the series is filmed in Peachtree City , Georgia , and Senoia , Georgia , with principal photography taking place in a studio contained in a large hangar at Atlanta Regional Airport , and outdoor locations shot around the town .
Sean Cross is an American filmmaker , producer , actor , writer , and co - founder of the Colorado Film Institute , Vail Film Festival and Los Cabos International Film Festival
Charles Repenning ( August 4 , 1922 , Oak Park , Illinois -- January 5 , 2005 , Lakewood , Colorado ) was an American paleontologist and zoologist noted for his work on shrews , fossil rodents , modern pinnipeds and their extinct relatives , the Desmostylia .
Beau Young is an Australian singer , songwriter and surfer .
William S. Hooser was a brief early American silent film actor .
Christos Papadopoulos ( Greek : Χρήστος Παπαδόπουλος ; born May 19 , 1982 ) is a Greek swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke events .
Shea Taylor is a songwriter / producer / multi - instrumentalist based in New York City .
I. Kudigame is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Galle Cricket Club .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole ( born January 28 , 1985 ) , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
Robin Deiana ( born July 18 , 1990 ) is a French television personality , model and breakdancer who lives and performs in South Korea .
William Schouler ( December 31 , 1814 -- October 24 , 1872 ) was an American journalist , politician and general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Professor Helmut Beckmann ( May 22 , 1940 -- September 3 , 2006 ) was a German psychiatrist .
Zack Hemsey ( born 1983 ) is an American recording artist , rapper and composer , whose work has been largely popularized through its use in film trailers .
Louis Plack Hammett ( April 7 , 1894 -- February 9 , 1987 ) was an American physical chemist .
Salvatore Leopoldo Gullotta ( born 9 January 1946 ) , best known as Leo Gullotta , is an Italian film , television ad stage actor , voice actor , comedian , writer and TV personality .
Jacinta Brondgeest ( aka Jacinta ) is an Australian - American singer , songwriter , musician , music producer , and electronic dance music artist .
William Herbert Sheldon , Jr. ( November 19 , 1898 -- September 17 , 1977 ) was an American psychologist and numismatist .
Constantine Choirosphaktes ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Χοιροσφάκτης ) was a Byzantine diplomat and official active during the reigns of Nikephoros III Botaneiates ( r. 1078 - -1081 ) and Alexios I Komnenos ( r. 1081 - -1118 ) .
Dattatreya Shankar Davjekar ( died September 19 , 2007 ) , better known as Datta Davjekar or Datta Daujeker ( Marathi : दत्ता डावजेकर ) , was a veteran music composer mainly associated with Marathi and Hindi movies .
Niccolò Cabeo ( February 26 , 1586 -- June 30 , 1650 ) , also known as Nicolaus Cabeus , was an Italian Jesuit philosopher , theologian , engineer and mathematician .
Donald Kagan ( /ˈkeɪɡən/ ; born May 1 , 1932 ) is an American historian and classicist at Yale University specializing in ancient Greece , notable for his four - volume history of the Peloponnesian War .
David Floyd Davis ( July 10 , 1867 Riverhead , Suffolk County , New York -- November 7 , 1951 Newark , New Jersey ) was an American businessman and politician from New York .
Hsiao - hung Nancy Chen ( Chinese : 陳小紅 ; pinyin : Chén Xiǎohóng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Jacob Ross is a Grenada - born poet , playwright , journalist , novelist and creative writing tutor , based in the UK .
Édouard Kodjovi Kodjo , better known as Edem Kodjo ( born May 23 , 1938 ) , is a Togolese politician and diplomat .
Dame Meg Taylor DBE is a Papua New Guinean lawyer and diplomat .
Trisha Donnelly ( born April 22 , 1974 in San Francisco ) is a contemporary artist who is particularly well known as a conceptual artist .
Dave Waterbury is an American music producer , musician , and songwriter from Hoffman Estates , Illinois .
Freida Lee Mock is an American filmmaker , director , screenwriter and producer .
Wu Yigong ( Chinese : 吴贻弓 ; December 1 , 1938 - ) is a Chinese film director and producer .
Rodrigo Arocena Linn ( born February 23 , 1947 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan mathematician , and rector of the University of the Republic since July 2006 .
LiLi Roquelin ( born in Toulon , France ) is a French - born American `` adult contemporary music '' , post - trip hop and alternative rock singer , composer and songwriter from Astoria , Queens , New York City .
Brad Wright is a Canadian television producer , screenwriter and actor .
Frederick Van Ness Bradley ( April 12 , 1898 -- May 24 , 1947 ) , commonly known as Fred Bradley , was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Richard Gannaway is a composer , producer , recording artist ( vocals , stringed instruments ) who founded the world music group Aomusic ( also known as AO ) , which features Miriam Stockley of the acclaimed Karl Jenkins ' Adiemus project .
José Enrique Pedreira ( February 2 , 1904 -- January 6 , 1959 ) was a Puerto Rican composer noted for danzas .
Yuri Makoveychuk ( Ukrainian : Юрій Маковейчук ) is an artist - painter and filmmaker working in the rare field of mannequin animation .
Yuri Kisil ( born September 18 , 1995 ) is a Canadian competitive swimmer who is a freestyle sprinter .
Mustafa Kalemli ( born March 26 , 1943 ) is a Turkish physician and politician , who served as government minister and Speaker of the Turkish Grand National Assembly .
Carly Foulkes ( born August 4 , 1988 ) , also known colloquially as The T - Mobile Girl , is a Canadian model and actress who became known for appearing in a series of T - Mobile myTouch 4 G television commercials , in which she often wore pink / magenta - and - white summer dresses .
Kiran Rao married actor / film director Aamir Khan in December 2005 , after Khan divorced his first wife Reena Dutta in 2002.They met on the sets of movie Lagaan .
Ulrich Schöllkopf ( 1927 - -1998 ) was a German chemist and together with Georg Wittig discovered the Wittig reaction in 1956 .
Darrell Van Citters ( born October 29 , 1956 ) is an American director , animator , and author , perhaps best known for directing the animated television series Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi and directing popular Looney Tunes cartoons featuring Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck , Porky Pig , Sylvester the Cat , Tweety Bird and Foghorn Leghorn .
Kelsey Kollen - Putz , formerly Kelsey Kollen ( born c. 1981 ) , is a former American softball player .
George C. Papanicolaou ( born January 23 , 1943 ) is a Greek - American mathematician who specializes in applied and computational mathematics , partial differential equations , and stochastic processes .
Zhao Ziquan ( simplified Chinese : 赵子荃 ; traditional Chinese : 趙子荃 ; pinyin : Zhào Zǐquán ; December 27 , 1997 ) is a Chinese figure skater .
Mark Helprin ( born June 28 , 1947 ) is an American novelist , journalist , conservative commentator , Senior Fellow of the Claremont Institute for the Study of Statesmanship and Political Philosophy , Fellow of the American Academy in Rome , and Member of the Council on Foreign Relations .
Glenn Donaire is a Filipino American flyweight boxer .
Don Loper ( April 29 , 1906 -- November 22 , 1972 ) was an American costume and necktie designer , as well as a screenwriter , choreographer , associate producer , actor , and assistant to MGM musicals producer Arthur Freed .
Zachary Jorgenson is an American glass artist working primarily in the lampworked murrine discipline .
Bruce Gibson ( Benjamin Bruce Gibson , born July 15 , 1953 ) is a Texas lawyer , politician , tax consultant and lobbyist .
Frankie Ford ( August 4 , 1939 -- September 28 , 2015 ) , was an American rock and roll and rhythm and blues singer , best known for his 1959 hit `` Sea Cruise '' .
Hal Lubarsky became the first blind poker player to ever cash in a World Series of Poker Event .
Johannis de Rijke ( December 5 , 1842 - -January 20 , 1913 ) was a Dutch civil engineer and a foreign advisor to the Japanese government in Meiji period Japan .
Brett Neveu is an American playwright , and ensemble member at A Red Orchid Theatre in Chicago .
Dr. Alexander Bachmanov is a scientist and geneticist currently working at the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Justann Crawford is a retired indigenous Australian Olympic boxer .
Robert Foulk , sometimes known as Bob Foulk ( May 5 , 1908 -- February 25 , 1989 ) , was an American television and film character actor best remembered for having portrayed Sheriff H. Miller in the CBS series , Lassie , a role which he filled in eighteen episodes from 1958 to 1962 .
Delbert Lee Scott ( born September 9 , 1949 ) is a businessman and politician from Missouri .
Gary Jeffries ( born May 13 , 1946 in Toronto , Ontario ) is the former head coach for Wilfrid Laurier University 's football team , the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks .
Josif Pashko ( May 25 , 1918 - September 5 , 1963 ) was an Albanian politician during the country 's socialist period .
Chase Whiteside ( born March 4 , 1988 ) is a documentary filmmaker , journalist , and co - founder of New Left Media .
Kozma Kumani ( born September 6 , 1922 ) is a Greek Venezuelan economist , investor , realtor and business magnate .
Lucas Burnett ( born April 1 , 1982 in Rossland , British Columbia ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player , currently without a club after being released by the Manchester Phoenix .
Venerable Adrian of Ondrusov ( died August 26 , 1549 ) was a Russian Orthodox monk and saint , venerated as a Wonderworker .
György Kossuth was an uncle of politician Lajos Kossuth ( 1802 - -1894 ) .
Diogenes Allen ( October 17 , 1932 -- January 13 , 2013 ) was an American philosopher and theologian who served as the Stuart Professor of Philosophy at Princeton Theological Seminary .
Kevin Connelly is an impressionist , comedian , and after dinner speaker who is probably best known for his role on the popular BBC radio and television programme Dead Ringers .
Frank Proto is an American composer and bassist .
Bertrand Amoussou - Guenou ( born May 29 , 1966 ) is a retired French mixed martial artist and judoka .
George M. Wertz ( July 19 , 1856 -- November 19 , 1928 ) was a Republican politician , teacher and publisher from Pennsylvania .
Alice Hoffman ( born March 16 , 1952 ) is an American novelist and young - adult and children 's writer , best known for her 1995 novel Practical Magic , which was adapted for a 1998 film of the same name .
Camillo Setti ( active 1675 ) was an Italian painter , active in a Baroque style mainly in his native Ferrara .
Inga Skaya ( born Ingeborg Berdichevsky on January 7 , 1986 in Moscow , Soviet Union ) is a Russian - Canadian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Canada 2007 on March 4 , 2007 .
Granville Stuart ( August 27 , 1834 -- October 2 , 1918 ) was a pioneer , gold prospector , businessman , civic leader , vigilante , author , cattleman and diplomat who played a prominent role in the early history of Montana Territory and the state of Montana .
Frederik Ruysch ( March 28 , 1638 -- February 22 , 1731 ) was a Dutch botanist and anatomist , remembered for his developments in anatomical preservation and the creation of dioramas or scenes incorporating human parts .
Kyle Fiat ( born March 14 , 1983 in Salt Lake City , UT ) is professional lacrosse player who plays for the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League and the Washington Bayhawks in Major League Lacrosse .
The text is written in the first person , leading some to speculate that the author was Šubši - mašrâ - Šakkan himself .
Patricia A. Adler is an American educator and sociologist who is currently a professor emerita at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
George Irving Bell ( August 4 , 1926 -- May 28 , 2000 ) was an American physicist , biologist and mountaineer , and a grandson of John Joseph Seerley .
Hideo Iijima ( 飯島 秀雄 , born January 1 , 1944 ) is a retired Japanese sprint runner and professional baseball player .
Mieczysław Witold Gutkowski ( born July 9 , 1893 in Szumlin , died September 17 , 1943 in Wilno ) was a Polish lawyer , a world renown economist who specialized in public finance , and one of the first scholars of economic analysis of law in Poland .
Roald Tweet is a retired Professor Emeritus of English at Augustana College and a popular historian of the upper Mississippi River .
Mathias Bröckers is a writer , journalist and longtime editor of the Berlin newspaper ' taz ' ( die tageszeitung ) .
Baruch Barzel ( born March 19 , 1976 ) is an Israeli physicist and applied mathematician , holding a faculty position at Bar - Ilan University mathematics department .
Denise Rocha ( born Denise Leitão Rocha on December 5 , 1983 , Brasília , Federal District ) is a Brazilian model , lawyer , and a former parliamentary adviser , best known for coming in second place on the A Fazenda 6 , a reality show broadcast by Rede Record in 2013 .
Donna Symmonds is a Barbadian lawyer and sports commentator .
Richard Preston ( born August 5 , 1954 ) is a New Yorker writer and bestselling author who has written books about infectious disease , bioterrorism , redwoods and other subjects , as well as fiction .
Sammy Douglas is a Democratic Unionist Party politician in Northern Ireland who was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2011 for the Belfast East constituency .
Isaac E. Ditmars , FAIA , was a Canadian - American architect and founding associate of William Schickel & Company , and directed that company as Schickel & Ditmars from 1907 into the 1920s .
Jason Bentley ( born July 27 , 1970 in Jamaica Plain , Massachusetts ) is a radio disc jockey of electronic music in Los Angeles , California .
Lin Chun - yi ( Chinese : 林均怡 , born September 26 , 1983 ) is a Taiwanese volleyball player who plays as an attacker in Chinese Taipei women 's national volleyball team .
Samuel Mandelbaum ( September 20 , 1884 -- November 20 , 1946 ) was a New York lawyer and politician who served for ten years as a federal district judge .
David Randolph ( December 21 , 1914 -- May 12 , 2010 ) was an American conductor , music educator and radio host .
Ray Kamalay is an American jazz guitarist and singer from Detroit , Michigan who has recorded several jazz records with his group , the Red Hot Peppers .
Loyal Edwin Knappen ( January 27 , 1854 -- May 14 , 1930 ) was a United States federal judge .
Annie Edwards ( c. 1830 - -1896 ) , also known as Annie Edwardes , was a popular English novelist during the Victorian era .
Mark C. Suchman ( born 1960s ) is an American sociologist , Professor in Sociology at Brown University , known for his work on Institutional theory , and particularly on `` managing legitimacy . ''
Gary L. Bennett ( born January 17 , 1940 ) is an American scientist and engineer , specializing in aerospace and energy .
Wilson Cruz ( born Wilson Echevarría ; December 27 , 1973 ) is an American actor known for playing Rickie Vasquez on My So - Called Life and the recurring character Junito on Noah 's Arc .
Dave Dudley ( May 3 , 1928 -- December 22 , 2003 ) , born David Darwin Pedruska , was an American country music singer best known for his truck - driving country anthems of the 1960s and 1970s and his semi - slurred baritone .
Joe Ballarini is an American film director , screenwriter and author .
CJ Jones is an actor currently residing in Los Angeles .
Mike Kinsella ( born March 4 , 1977 ) is an American musician involved in many Illinois - based bands , such as Cap'n Jazz , Owls , Joan of Arc , The One Up Downstairs , American Football , and Owen .
Peter J. Hammond ( born c. 1930s ; sometimes credited as P. J. Hammond ) is a British television writer .
Federico Uruburu Fernandez was a Spanish microbiologist .
Aida Baraku ( born 29 October 1963 ) is an Albanian Kosovar singer , composer , journalist and television producer .
Braulio Alonso ( December 16 , 1916 -- June 5 , 2010 ) was a high school and junior high school teacher and principal .
Maurizio Moro ( 15??--16 ? ? ) was an Italian poet of the 16th century , best known for his madrigals .
Brian Tinsley is a physicist who for more than 50 years has been actively researching Aeronomy .
Dhimitër Anagnosti ( born 12 January 1936 ) is an Albanian film director of the 20th century .
Micheal David Larsen ( November 9 , 1981 -- October 16 , 2010 ) , better known by his stage name Eyedea , was an American musician , rapper and poet .
Rosie Fellner is an English / Irish actress and film producer .
Afolabi Olabimtan ( June 11 , 1932 - August 27 , 2003 ) was a Nigerian politician , writer , and academic .
Joseph Bernstein ( sometimes spelled I. N. Bernshtein or Iosif Naumovič Bernštejn ; Hebrew : יוס(י)ף נאומוביץ ברנשטיין‎ ; Russian : Иосиф Наумович Бернштейн ; born April 18 , 1945 ) is an Israeli mathematician working at Tel Aviv University .
Hermes Phettberg ( born October 5 , 1952 as Josef Fenz ) is an Austrian artist , comedian , actor , author and talk show host .
Kim Se - yol ( Korean : 김세열 ) is a South Korean former competitive figure skater .
Harry Abend , OFM , is a Polish - born Venezuelan sculptor and architect .
Dafnis Prieto ( born July 31 , 1974 ) is a Cuban - American bandleader , composer , drummer and educator .
William George Beech ( June 4 , 1898 -- May 28 , 1971 ) was a mid-20th century Canadian politician that represented York Township at all three levels of government .
Alfred Yaghobzadeh ( in Persian : آلفرد يعقوب زاده ) , is an Iranian photographer of Assyrian descent who is noted for his war photography .
Rose Marie McCoy ( April 19 , 1922 -- January 20 , 2015 ) was an African American songwriter , influential and prolific during the 1950s and 1960s .
James McSparran QC ( 1 May 1892 - 15 April 1970 ) , was an Irish nationalist politician .
Michael Swierczek ( born 1961 in Hanover ) is a German politician who lives in Munich .
Ishrat Ali Siddiqui was an Indian gandhian , poet of Urdu literature and a former editor of the Urdu daily , Quami Awaz .
Robert Morin ( born May 20 , 1949 in Montréal , Quebec ) is a Canadian film director , screenwriter , and cinematographer .
Stojadin Mirković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стојадин Мирковић ; 1972 - -1991 ) was a Serbian soldier during the war in Croatia .
Choi Byong - hyon ( born 1950 ) is a Korean academic and translator .
Mislav Ježić ( born September 20 , 1952 ) is a Croatian philosopher and Indologist .
Gary Pine is a Jamaican singer best known for the vocals on several Bob Sinclar songs , including `` Love Generation '' , `` Shining from Heaven '' , `` Miss Me '' , `` Give a Lil ' Love '' , and `` Sound of Freedom '' .
Sharon Sergeant ( born 1947 ) is an American forensic genealogist who specializes in researching and tracing international fraud cases , property settlements , and provenance of artifact collections .
Jari Kainulainen is a Finnish bassist best known as the former bassist of Finnish power metal band Stratovarius from 1993 until 2005 , and as the current bass player for Masterplan since 2012 .
Sir Walter Boeykens ( January 6 , 1938 -- April 23 , 2013 ) was a Belgian conductor and a world - renowned clarinetist .
John Cananus or John Kananos ( Greek : Ἰωάννης Κανανός ) was a Byzantine Greek historian who lived during the first half of the 15th century .
Matthias of Neuenburg was a chronicler , born in 1295 , possibly in Neuenburg am Rhein , in Baden ; died between 1364 and 1370 , probably in Strasbourg , in Alsace .
Steven Quale is an American film director , known for Final Destination 5 and Into the Storm , as well as his earlier work as a second unit director for James Cameron .
Thomas Cahill ( born 1940 ; New York City ) is an American scholar and writer .
David Brookman Smith ( born December 4 , 1951 in Altoona , Pennsylvania ) , known professionally as D. Brooks Smith , is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit .
Gianluigi Trovesi ( born 1944 ) is an Italian jazz saxophonist , clarinetist and composer .
Henry Faggart ( June 26 , 1930 - June 24 , 2013 ) was an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Jackie Fargo .
John Merle Coulter , Ph . D. ( November 20 , 1851 -- December 23 , 1928 ) was an American botanist and educator .
Djelimady Tounkara is a Malian musician and one of the foremost guitarists in Africa .
José Mojica Marins ( born March 13 , 1936 ) is a Brazilian filmmaker , actor , composer , screenwriter , and television and media personality .
Anna Żemła - Krajewska ( born February 13 , 1979 in Jastrzębie - Zdrój ) is a Polish judoka , who competed in the women 's extra - lightweight category .
Harvey Stephens ( August 21 , 1901 -- December 22 , 1986 ) was an American actor , known initially for his performances in Broadway productions , and thereafter for his work in film and on television .
Haider Aziz Safwi is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Correctional administration in the Government of West Bengal .
Richard Lainhart ( February 14 , 1953 -- December 30 , 2011 ) was an American composer , performer , and filmmaker .
Almir Guineto ( born July 12 , 1946 , birth name Almir de Souza Serra ) is a Brazilian sambista , singer / songwriter and instrumentalist , working in the genres of samba and pagode .
Shailendra Gaur is an Indian actor known for portraying Indian revolutionary Vinayak Damodar Savarkar in the biopic film Veer Savarkar ( 2001 ) directed by Ved Rahi .
Steve Hodges , Sr . ( born February 2 , 1949 ) is an American politician , teacher , and former small business owner from the state of Missouri .
Allen Trimble ( November 24 , 1783 -- February 3 , 1870 ) was a Federalist and National Republican politician from Ohio .
Robert D'Avanzo is an American actor of stage , screen and television .
Hans Tabor ( April 25 , 1922 -- November 19 , 2003 ) was a Danish diplomat and politician representing the Social Democratic Party .
Geoffrey Hellman is an American professor and philosopher .
Dorinbo ( c. late 16th century ) was a Japanese priest and the uncle of the famous swordsman Miyamoto Musashi during the 17th century in Edo period Japan .
Helen Willa Samuels ( born 1943 ) is a noted archivist and scholar in archival studies .
George Tchobanoglous ( born May 24 , 1935 ) is an American civil and environmental engineer , writer and professor .
Justice Roberto A. Abad ( born May 22 , 1944 ) is a lawyer and judge who served as Philippine Supreme Court Associate Justice from August 7 , 2009 to May 22 , 2014 .
Aelius Promotus ( Gr . Αίλιος Προμωτος ) was an ancient physician of Alexandria , of whose personal history no particulars are known , and whose date is uncertain .
Billboard magazine reported in March 2013 that P Reign is collaborating with rapper A$ AP Rocky for the next release `` We Them Niggas '' that will be part of P Reign 's Dear America EP .
Kelly Sweet ( born March 29 , 1988 ) is an American electropop singer - songwriter currently living in Los Angeles , CA .
Robert William Prescott ( May 5 , 1913 -- March 3 , 1978 ) was an American aviator and entrepreneur .
Joey Carbone is a composer , music producer , arranger , keyboardist , vocalist , advisor and educator .
Sofia Hayat is an actress , model and singer , who has worked in both British and Indian projects .
John Leventhorpe ( c. 1370 -- 1435 ) , of Sawbridgeworth , Hertfordshire and Ugley , Essex , was an English politician and one of the executors of both Henry IV 's and Henry V 's wills .
James Hall Huling ( March 24 , 1844 - April 23 , 1918 ) was an American Republican businessman and politician from West Virginia who served as a United States Representative in the 54th United States Congress .
Jody Stecher ( born June 1 , 1946 ) is an American singer and musician , who plays bluegrass and old - time music on banjo , mandolin , fiddle and guitar , and Dagar - vani dhrupad on the sursringar , a rare Indian instrument that is a baritone relative of the sarod .
Choi Jong Hyun ( Hangul : 최종현 ; born November 16 , 1995 ) , better known by his stage name Changjo ( Hangul : 창조 ) , is a South Korean idol dancer , singer , actor , promotional model and composer .
Jorge Gonzalez - Graupera , also known by the stage name Jorges , is a singer - songwriter based in Miami , Florida , USA .
Ibram Lassaw ( 1913 - -2003 ) was a Russian - American sculptor , known for nonobjective construction in brazed metals .
Hermine Baron ( 1912 -- September 27 , 1996 ) was a record - making Grand Life Master contract bridge player ; a native of Omaha , she moved to southern California ( Los Angeles ) in the mid - forties .
Timothy Britten Parker ( born February 8 , 1962 ) , also known as Toby , is an American actor .
Yahya Merchant ( 1903 -- after 1967 ) was an Indian architect .
Rudolf Kompfner ( May 16 , 1909 -- December 3 , 1977 ) was an Austrian - born engineer and physicist , best known as the inventor of the traveling - wave tube ( TWT ) .
Eli Baker ( born September 27 , 2001 ) is an American actor , known for playing the role of Henry Fisher in the TV series Growing Up Fisher .
Dr. Lamine Khene ( b. approximately 1930 ) is an Algerian nationalist politician and former officer .
Kenneth Garrett ( September 23 , 1953 ) is an American photographer of archaeology who was born in Columbia , Missouri and made 70 photos for National Geographic .
Jean - Paul Beaulieu ( January 22 , 1902 -- November 14 , 1976 ) was a Canadian and Québécois politician and chartered accountant .
Calvin Chen ( Chinese : 辰亦儒 ; pinyin : Chén Yìrú ; Wade -- Giles : Chen I - Ju ) is a Taiwanese singer and actor .
Kenny Young is an American songwriter , producer and environmentalist who has been an active writer , artist , and producer from 1963 to the present .
Tarali Sarma ( Assamese : তৰালী শৰ্মা ) is a singer from Assam , who won the National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer in the year 2003 for the Assamese film Akashitorar Kothare .
Medorem Crawford ( June 24 , 1819 -- March 24 , 1893 ) was an American soldier and politician in what became the state of Oregon .
Liebe Sokol Diamond ( born January 10 , 1931 ) is an American pediatric orthopedic surgeon and an inductee of the Maryland Women 's Hall of Fame .
Răzvan Ion is a theoretician , curator , cultural manager and political activist .
Choiseul Henriquez ( died November 11 , 2011 ) was a Haitian politician and journalist .
Hillman Terome Frazier ( born Jackson , July 17 , 1950 ) is an American politician who is a Democratic member of the Mississippi Senate ; he has represented the 27th District since 1993 .
Börje Langefors ( May 21 , 1915 -- December 13 , 2009 ) was a Swedish engineer and computer scientist , Emeritus Professor of Business Information Systems at the Department of Computer and Systems Science , Stockholm University and Royal Institute of Technology , Stockholm , and `` one of those who made systems development a science . ''
Sol Shor ( July 17 , 1913 -- May 1985 ) was a film and television screenwriter credited mostly with B - westerns and movie serials .
Zhou Heyang ( Traditional : 周鶴洋 ; Simplified : 周鹤洋 ; Pinyin : Zhōu Hèyáng ; born June 18 , 1976 ) is a Chinese professional Go player .
Bridget Moynahan ( born Kathryn Bridget Moynahan , September 21 , 1971 or 1972 ) is an American actress and model .
Cynthia Johnson ( born April 22 , 1956 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress and producer and is best known as the lead singer of the band Lipps Inc. with the worldwide smash hit `` Funkytown '' .
Luis Valdez ( born June 26 , 1940 ) is an American playwright , actor , writer and film director .
Deirdre Bair ( born June 21 , 1935 ) is an American writer and biographer .
Eric Lucassen ( born November 12 , 1974 in Amsterdam ) is a former Dutch politician and digital music educator as well as sergeant .
Georg Levin , born Georg von dem Bussche , is a singer , songwriter , and producer from Berlin .
Thomas Prestbury ( aka Thomas de Prestbury and Thomas Shrewsbury ) was an English medieval Benedictine abbot and university Chancellor .
Vasili Yakovlevich Zinger ( Russian : Василий Яковлевич Цингер ) ( February 11 , 1836 -- March 2 , 1907 ) was a prominent Russian mathematician , botanist and philosopher .
Dr. Boo Cheng Hau ( Chinese : 巫程豪 ; pinyin : Wū Chéng Háo ; born 1 October 1964 ) is a politician from DAP .
Chen Kuang - fu ( Chinese : 陳光復 ; pinyin : Chén Guāngfù ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Belding Hibbard Scribner ( January 18 , 1921 -- June 19 , 2003 ) was a U.S. physician and a pioneer in kidney dialysis .
Malte Spitz ( born April 14 , 1984 ) is a German Green Party politician and Executive Committee member .
Gustav Ernst ( born 23 August 1944 ) is an Austrian playwright , novelist and screenwriter .
Ola Hanson ( born June 25 , 1864 in Åhus , Sweden - died October 17 , 1927 ) was a Swedish - American missionary who worked for the Kachin people in Burma .
Robert Golden Armstrong , Jr. , known as R. G. Armstrong ( April 7 , 1917 -- July 27 , 2012 ) , was an American actor and playwright .
Mohammad Sayeem is a first - class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who played 4 first class matches and two one day games for Barisal Division in 2001/02 .
Sindarius Thornwell ( born November 24 , 1994 ) is an American College basketball player who currently plays for the South Carolina Gamecocks Men 's basketball team in Columbia , South Carolina .
D. J. Sparr is an American composer and guitarist fluent in both classical and vernacular musical styles .
Jill Corey ( born September 30 , 1935 ) is an American popular standards singer .
Phoebe Cates Kline ( born Phoebe Belle Cates ; July 16 , 1963 ) , better known as Phoebe Cates , is an American film actress , model , and entrepreneur .
Johann Paul Egell ( April 9 , 1691-Berlin , January 10 , 1752 ) was a German sculptor and plasterer ( stucco artist ) .
Roberto Frejat ( May 21 , 1962 ) , is a musician , composer , singer and co - founder of the band Barão Vermelho .
Mahmut Gazi Yaşargil ( born July 6 , 1925 ) is a Turkish medical scientist and neurosurgeon .
Margaret Leng Tan ( Chinese : 陳 靈 ; Min Nan : Tân Lêng ; pinyin : Chén Líng ) is a classical music artist known for her work as a professional toy pianist , performing in major cities around the world on her 51 cm - high toy pianos .
Veronica Gedeon was a 20-year - old commercial model from Long Island City whose murder during Easter Weekend in 1937 captivated New York City .
Giovanni Battista Traverso was an important mycologist and plant pathologist on the early 1900s .
Maitreyi Devi ( or Maitreyī Devī ) ( September 1 , 1914 -- January 29 , 1989 ) was a Bengali - born Indian poet and novelist .
Sian Edwards ( born 27 August 1959 ) is an English conductor , best known as music director of English National Opera in the 1990s .
Leocán Portus ( May 15 , 1923 -- November 25 , 2006 ) was a Chilean politician , leader of social organizations , militant of the Falange and a founder of the Christian Democratic Party ( PDC ) .
Narsinhrao Divetia ( Gujarati : નરસિંહરાવ ભોળાનાથ દિવેટિયા ) ( 1859 - -1937 ) was a poet , linguist and critic of Gujarati literature .
Bette Midler ( born December 1 , 1945 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress , comedian , and film producer .
Charles Page Smith ( September 6 , 1917 -- August 28 , 1995 ) , who was known by his middle name , was a U.S. historian , professor , author , and newspaper columnist .
Rob Standridge is an American pharmacy owner and politician who has served in the Oklahoma Senate since his election in 2012 .
Rob Carlton is a Logie Award winning Australian actor and writer .
Christian Wagner is an American film editor who has edited films such as Face / Off ( 1996 ) and Mission :
Kai Eckhardt ( 15 June 1961 ) is a German born musician and composer who plays bass , best known for his work with John McLaughlin , Vital Information , Torsten de Winkel , Billy Cobham and Garaj Mahal -- a band he co - founded .
Michael Chiang ( born 27 October 1955 in Muar , Malaysia ) is a prolific playwright and screenwriter in Singapore .
Paula Allodya Item , also known as Audy Item ( born April 23 , 1983 ) is an Indonesian singer .
Joe Flanigan ( born January 5 , 1967 ) is an American writer and actor , best known for his portrayal of the character Major / Lt . Colonel John Sheppard in Stargate Atlantis .
Philemon Dickerson ( January 11 , 1788 -- December 10 , 1862 ) was a United States congressman representing New Jersey , and was later a United States federal judge .
Susan Watson ( born December 17 , 1938 ) is an American actress and singer best known for her roles in musical theatre .
Suprabha Beckjord ( Schechter ) ( born 1956 ) is an ultramarathon runner from Washinghton D.C. She is an owner of a giftshop and a disciple from Sri Chinmoy .
Ross Sinclair ( born April 12 , 1985 ) is a former professional American water polo player and current water polo head coach .
Khari Cain , better known by his stage name Needlz , is an American record producer .
Kyu Sung Woo ( 우규승 ; born 1941 ) is a South Korean architect and principal of the architectural design firm , Kyu Sung Wu Architects , Inc. The firm 's projects include many built and proposed works in the United States and South Korea .
Walter Paul Helmke , Jr. ( born 1948 ) is an American politician , and the former president of the Washington , DC - based Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence .
David Buell Sabapathy Jeyaraj ( Tamil : டேவிட் பியுவல் சபாபதி ஜெயராஜ் ; born May 21 , 1954 ; commonly known as D. B. S. Jeyaraj ) is a Tamil Canadian freelance journalist of Sri Lankan origin .
Sanjay Kapoor is a Bollywood actor and producer .
Aaron Stell ( March 26 , 1911 - January 7 , 1996 in Los Angeles ) was an American film editor who worked on To Kill a Mockingbird , Touch of Evil , and others .
Hannes Seifert ( born 1971 ) is an Austrian video game developer , musician , and producer .
Rugg Williams is an American actor who co - starred in the crime drama In the Heat of the Night with Carroll O'Connor for four seasons as Eugene Glendon , Denise Nicholas troubled son .
Alan McCurrie is the father of the rugby league player of the 1980s , ' 90s and 2000s , Steve McCurrie .
Gustavus M. Blech ( November 28 , 1870 in Riga ( then Russia , now Latvia ) -- August 9 , 1949 in Chicago , Illinois ) was an American physician , surgeon , and medical educator .
Farid Villaume ( born February 10 , 1975 ) , is a French Muay Thai kickboxer , having won world titles in different boxes fists feet .
Paul Dini ( born August 7 , 1957 ) is an American writer and producer who works in the television and comic book industries .
Joseph Shih or Ting Joseph Shih ( Chinese : 石定 ; pinyin : Shí Dìng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Rustam Shah Mohmand ( born 15 August 1942 in Charsadda ) is a senior Pakistani diplomat , political scientist and politician .
Justine Ok is a Korean - American artist and songwriter ( signed to Sony / ATV Publishing ) .
Glenn Lewis ( born Glenn Ricketts on March 13 , 1975 ) is a Canadian neo soul singer -- songwriter , best known for his singles `` Do n't You Forget It '' and `` It 's Not Fair '' .
Todd Solondz ( born October 15 , 1959 ) is an American independent film screenwriter and director known for his style of dark , thought - provoking , socially conscious satire .
Murray C. Anderson is a South African composer and recording engineer and producer based in Cape town .
Dennis Tobenski ( born April 18 , 1982 , in Kankakee , Illinois ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music and art song .
Lauren Raine is a painter , sculptor , mask artist , performance artist , author , and choreographer with work in international private and public collections .
Sandra Gulland ( born November 3 , 1944 ) is an American - born Canadian novelist .
Jeromey Webberley is an Australian rules footballer who was drafted by Richmond in the fifth round of the 2009 AFL Draft .
Josip Plemelj ( December 11 , 1873 -- May 22 , 1967 ) was a Slovene mathematician , whose main contributions were to the theory of analytic functions and the application of integral equations to potential theory .
Erica Hubbard ( born January 2 , 1979 ) is an American film and television actress and model .
Anders Iwers is a Swedish Heavy metal musician and bassist of the bands Tiamat ( 1992 , 1996- ) , Avatarium ( 2014- ) & Dark Tranquillity ( 2015- ) .
Carl Venth ( February 16 , 1860 -- January 29 , 1938 ) was a German - American composer , violinist , conductor , music educator , and scholar .
Christine M. Jones ( December 25 , 1929 -- January 26 , 2013 ) was an American politician who represented district 26 in the Maryland House of Delegates .
Luc Desnoyers ( born October 2 , 1950 ) is a Canadian trade unionist and politician , who was elected to represent the electoral district of Rivière - des - Mille - Îles in the 2008 Canadian federal election .
After Jædig 's death in 2004 saxophonist Charles Davis recorded the album Charles Davis Plays the Music of Bent Jædig ( 2006 ) .
Gao Changli ( simplified Chinese : 高昌礼 ; traditional Chinese : 高昌禮 ; pinyin : Gāo Chānglǐ ; born July 1937 in Yutai County , Jining , Shandong ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Martiros of Crimea or Martiros Ghrimetsi ( Armenian : Մարտիրոս Ղրիմեցի ) was a notable Armenian writer , poet , historian and a priest of the 17th century .
Giovanni Paolo Paladino or Jean - Paul Paladin ( fl . 1540 - 1560 ) was an Italian composer and lutenist from Milan .
Dudu Elharar ( also spelled Elharrar ; Hebrew : דודו אלהרר‎ ; born in 1945 ) is an Israeli singer , music producer , actor and television and radio presenter .
Julie Maria Barkou , also known as Julie Maria , is a Danish singer and songwriter , who has produced four long play albums to date with Beautiful Minor being her debut album in 2004 .
Francisco Ávila Camberos is a Mexican politician who is candidate of the PAN ( Partido Acción Nacional ) , and became friends with Jorge González Olivieri , the director of API ( Administración Portuaria Integral de Veracruz ) , and the former president of Mexico , Vicente Fox .
Friedrich ( Frederick ) Salomon Perls ( July 8 , 1893 -- March 14 , 1970 ) , better known as Fritz Perls , was a noted German - born psychiatrist and psychotherapist .
John Hahn - Petersen ( November 4 , 1930 Fredericksberg -- January 4 , 2006 ) was a Danish theatre , TV and movie actor .
Bertran del Pojet ( fl . 1222 ) was a Provençal castellan and troubadour of the latter half of the thirteenth century , a period of Angevin rule in Provence and Italy .
Richard Sammons ( born May 18 , 1961 in Columbus , Ohio ) is an architect , architectural theorist , visiting professor , and chief designer of Fairfax & Sammons Architects with offices in New York City , New York and Palm Beach , Florida .
Craig A. Stanley ( born November 20 , 1955 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1996 - -2008 , where represented the 28th legislative district .
Sandra Krasa is an American entrepreneur , producer and voice director for ADV Films on several anime series and movies and the founder and president of several companies .
Manuel Esperón González ( August 3 , 1911 -- February 13 , 2011 ) was a Mexican song writer and composer .
Mark Scheffel is an American politician and current Majority Leader of the Colorado Senate .
Lyndall Bass ( born July 5 , 1952 ) is an American realist painter and teacher who primarily paints still lifes , flower paintings and symbolist figure paintings .
Gustav Kruell ( October 31 , 1843 -- January 2 , 1907 ) was a German - born wood engraver portrait artist .
Jane Lawrence Smith ( February 3 , 1915 -- August 5 , 2005 ) , born Jane Brotherton , was an American actress and opera singer who was part of the New York art scene beginning in the 1950s .
Ed Harper ( born April 9 , 1931 ) is a former Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Simcoe Centre in the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 until 1997 .
Helen Stuart is an American cabaret and torch singer .
Robert W. Bussard ( August 11 , 1928 -- October 6 , 2007 ) was an American physicist who worked primarily in nuclear fusion energy research .
Madeline Levine is a practicing psychologist in Marin County , California .
Étienne Delaune was one of the most famous designers of goldsmith 's work of his time .
Louis Breger ( born November 20 , 1935 ) is an American psychologist , psychotherapist and scholar .
Kurt Petter was a German physician , youth leader and educational administrator .
Vasile Boerescu ( January 1 , 1830 -- November 18 , 1883 ) was a journalist , lawyer and Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Justice , Minister of Foreign Affairs , Minister of Religion and Public Instruction and held other various governmental offices during the existence of United Principalities .
Gwendolyn Sanford is an American singer - songwriter and composer .
Derek Samagalski ( born September 9 , 1984 in Winnipeg ) is a Canadian curler who currently resides in Winnipeg .
Christoph Sandmann ( born May 24 , 1967 ) is a German equestrian and multiple World Champion at the World Equestrian Games .
William Allen Sturge ( 1850 - -1919 ) was an English physician and archaeologist born in Bristol .
Fanny Lewald went on to become a prolific writer and publish many successful novels .
No Min - woo ( Hangul : 노민우 ; born May 29 , 1986 ) is a South Korean actor and musician .
Wendy Mogel ( born March 23 , 1951 ) is an American psychologist and author , whose first book , `` The Blessing of a Skinned Knee , '' identified the problems faced by middle class children at a time of social anxiety .
Hasse Fröberg ( born January 4 , 1964 ) is a Swedish guitarist , composer and vocalist with a warm voice , high pitch , and a fairly clear Swedish accent when singing in English .
Josh Robert Thompson ( born March 11 , 1975 ) is an American actor , voice actor , impressionist , and comedian .
Guillaume Lebrun is a French head chef in the Michelin starred Restaurant Patrick Guilbaud in Dublin , Ireland .
Li Yun - lun ( Chinese : 李 鋆倫 ; pinyin : Li Yúnlún ; born December 25 , 1981 ) is a Taiwanese former swimmer , who specialized in long - distance freestyle events .
Peter Garling , RFD ( born 4 August 1952 in Kuala Lumpur , British Malaya ) is an Australian judge , a Judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales , the highest court in the state of New South Wales .
Bobby Cohen is an American film producer whose credits include The Cider House Rules and Memoirs of a Geisha .
Zoë Keating ( born February 2 , 1972 ) is a Canadian - born cellist and composer based in San Francisco , California .
Arthur Dee ( 13 July 1579 -- September or October 1651 ) was a physician and alchemist .
Joe A. Porter is a professional landscape architect and Fellow of the American Society of Landscape Architects .
Nicole Rajičová or Rajic ( born August 13 , 1995 ) is a Slovak figure skater .
Mahmud Xhelaledini was a 20th - century Albanian politician who worked for the Ottoman Empire .
In 1955 , during one of his lectures , Czesław Centkiewicz , a renowned Polish polar explorer and author , presented the audience with a short biographical note of a `` long - forgotten pioneer of aviation , pilot Jan Nagórski who died in 1917 '' .
Antoni Szczęsny Godlewski , ( nom - de - guerre Antek the Arsonist ) ( born January 11 , 1923 , Warsaw -- August 8 , 1944 , in Warsaw ) was a legendary soldier of the Home Army and participant in the Warsaw Uprising .
Juan Enrique Ibarra Pedroza ( born August 16 , 1952 in Tototlán , Jalisco ) is a Mexican politician who in 2006 ran as the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) candidate to the 2006 Jalisco gubernatorial election .
Young Chris ( born Christopher Francis Ries , March 19 , 1983 ) is an American rapper and songwriter .
Lieutenant General Ivan Koreta , is a Ugandan military officer and diplomat .
Soltan Migitinov is an Azerbaijani boxer who competes as a middleweight .
Elizabeth Cameron Dalman * 1934 ) is an Australian choreographer , teacher and performer .
Twyla Tharp ( /ˈtwaɪlə θɑrp/ ; born July 1 , 1941 ) is an American dancer , choreographer , and author who lives and works in New York City .
William Edward Colby ( May 28 , 1875 -- November 9 , 1964 ) was an American lawyer , conservationist , and first Secretary of the Sierra Club .
Anthony Missenden ( by 1505 - 42 ) , of Healing , Lincolnshire , was an English politician .
Joel Zito Araújo is a Brazilian film director , writer and producer of films and TV programs .
Carl L. Bankston III ( born August 8 , 1952 , New Orleans , Louisiana ) is an American sociologist and author .
Andrey Vladimirovich Kolesnikov ( Russian : Андрей Владимирович Колесников ) is a Russian journalist , an author of a series of books about Anatoly Chubais .
John Howard Yoder ( December 29 , 1927 -- December 30 , 1997 ) was an American theologian and ethicist best known for his defense of Christian pacifism .
Anita Pratap is an expatriate Indian writer and journalist .
Michael Ryan Barrett ( born January 14 , 1951 ) is a United States federal judge in Ohio .
Nikita Koloff ( born Nelson Scott Simpson on March 9 , 1959 ) is an American retired professional wrestler , actor , and minister .
David Wilks ( born September 23 , 1959 ) is a Canadian politician and a former Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons .
Robert Needham , 1st Viscount Kilmorey ( ca . 1565 - 1631 ) , was an English politician and a peer in the peerage of Ireland .
Eddie Cusic ( January 4 , 1926 -- August 11 , 2015 ) was an American Mississippi blues guitarist , singer , and songwriter .
George Washington Crile ( November 11 , 1864 , Chili , Ohio -- January 7 , 1943 , Cleveland , Ohio ) was an American surgeon .
Noel Slevin is an Irish journalist and columnist working in Letterkenny , County Donegal .
George John Bond ( July 1 , 1850 -- June 22 , 1933 ) was a Canadian Methodist minister , and missionary to China and Japan .
Eric Fischl ( born March 9 , 1948 ) is an American painter , sculptor and printmaker .
Ron Bishop ( March 12 , 1943 -- September 20 , 2014 ) was an off - road motorcycle racer from the Woodland , Washington in the United States .
Phillip Harold Lewis ( July 31 , 1922 -- December 10 , 2011 ) was an American anthropologist , museologist , and amateur photographer and artist .
Piero Focaccia ( born 16 October 1944 ) is an Italian pop singer and film actor .
Marcos Grigorian ( Persian : مارکو گريگوريان , Armenian : Մարկոս Գրիգորեան ; December 5 , 1925 -- August 27 , 2007 ) was a notable Iranian - Armenian artist and a pioneer of Iranian modern art .
Cuno Pümpin ( born August 21 , 1939 ) is a Swiss economist , entrepreneur and consultant .
Qader Eshpari ( Persian : قادر اشپاري ) is an Afghan American singer .
Paul G. Comba is an Italian - American computer scientist and amateur astronomer .
Zoe Williams ( born 1973 ) is an English columnist , journalist , and author .
Ruth Downie , British author best known for her mysteries featuring the `` reluctant sleuth '' , Gaius Petreius Ruso that are placed in the Roman world .
Lev Vaidman ( born September 4 , 1955 ) is a Russian - Israeli physicist and Professor at Tel Aviv University , Israel .
Abdul Hamid Adiamoh is a Nigerian journalist and publisher of Today Newspaper in the Gambia .
Gentry de Paris is a Paris - based burlesque dancer , art director , and playwright .
Neal Kenyon ( December 6 , 1929 -- December 19 , 2008 ) was an American theatre director , choreographer , and actor .
Scarlat Callimachi or Calimachi ( nicknamed Prinţul Roşu , `` the Red Prince '' ; September 20 , 1896 - -June 2 , 1975 ) was a Romanian journalist , essayist , futurist poet , trade unionist , and communist activist , a member of the Callimachi family of boyar and Phanariote lineage .
Pattathuvila Karunakaran ( 1925 - -1988 ) was a famous Malayalamshort story writer .
Loni Harwood ( born c. 1990 ) is a professional poker player who won a World Series of Poker bracelet at the 2013 World Series of Poker .
Michael Kinsley ( born March 9 , 1951 ) is an American political journalist and commentator .
John Zenda ( July 21 , 1944 -- August 3 , 1994 ) was an American actor who starred in films and on television .
Alex Pascall , OBE , is a Grenada - born broadcaster , journalist , musician , composer , oral historian and educator .
Nancy Richards is a Canadian journalist and news anchor for CTV News .
Georg Totschnig ( born May 25 , 1971 ) is an Austrian former road bicycle racer who raced professionally between 1993 and 2006 .
Luiz Fux ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈlwiʃ ˈfuks ) ) is a Brazilian judge .
John B. Forester was an American politician that represented Tennessee 's fifth district in the United States House of Representatives .
Araldo Cossutta ( born January 11 , 1925 ) is an architect who has worked primarily in the United States .
Leo Zulueta is an American tattoo artist .
Aage Oxenvad ( 1884 - -1944 ) was a Danish clarinetist who played in the Royal Danish Orchestra from 1909 .
Tate Taylor ( born June 3 , 1969 ) is an American actor , screenwriter , film producer and director .
Shemuel Pagan is a professional boxer in the Lightweight division .
Parthena Sarafidis is an Austrian former competitive figure skater .
Rogelio Salmona ( April 28 , 1929 -- October 3 , 2007 ) was a Colombian architect of Sephardic and Occitan descent .
Richard Behar is an American investigative journalist who has written on the staffs of Forbes , Time and Fortune since 1982 .
Rick Elice ( born November 17 , 1956 ) is a writer and former stage actor .
Cecil Altman Boone ( born June 1 , 1935 , Jacksonville , Florida ) , known as Nick Todd , is an American pop singer .
Nichole Cheza ( born June 11 , 1987 ) is an American former professional dirt track motorcycle racer .
Barrett Martin ( born April 14 , 1967 ) is an American drummer , upright bassist , composer , producer , writer , and Zen artist .
Raphael Montañez Ortiz ( born in Brooklyn , New York in 1934 ) is an American artist , educator , and founder of El Museo del Barrio .
Reginald Ruggles Gates ( May 1 , 1882 -- August 12 , 1962 ) , was a Canadian born anthropologist , botanist , and geneticist .
Jeffry D. Wert ( born May 8 , 1946 ) is an American historian and author specializing in the American Civil War .
Alfonso Petersen Farah ( born 2 February 1961 ) is a Mexican physician and politician who served as municipal president of Guadalajara , Jalisco , from 2007 to 2009 .
Rowland Brotherhood ( or sometimes Roland Brotherhood ) was a British engineer .
Ron Gilbert is an American video - game designer , programmer , and producer , best known for his work on several classic LucasArts adventure games , including Maniac Mansion and the first two Monkey Island games .
Phong Bui ( born September 17 , 1964 , in Huế , Vietnam ) is an artist , writer , independent curator , and Co - Founder , Editor - in - Chief , and Publisher of The Brooklyn Rail , a free monthly arts , culture , and politics journal .
Debashish Barua is a Bangladeshi cricketer who played two matches for Bangladesh in the SAARC Quadrangular Tournament in 1992/93 against Sri Lanka A and Pakistan A. As a wicket - keeper , he claimed five catches in the two games but scored a duck , batting at number 11 , in his only innings against Pakistan A.
Lane Gibson is an American musician and recording engineer from Metuchen , NJ .
Tahani Rached is a Canadian - Egyptian documentary filmmaker .
César Batiz is an award - winning Venezuelan investigative journalist who works for the country 's largest newspaper , Últimas Noticias .
Manuel González Rivera ( April 13 , 1936 -- September 12 , 2004 ) was a Mexican professional wrestler , or Luchador best known under the ring name Dr. Wagner .
Rein Raud is an Estonian scholar and author .
Irene Taylor ( 1906 - -1988 ) was an American singer best known for her recorded work with Paul Whiteman .
Charles Burguet ( May 26 , 1878 -- June 9 , 1946 ) was a French silent film director best known for his silent films of the late 1910s and early 1920s .
Chaturveda Prithudaka Swami was a 9th - century Indian mathematician who wrote an important commentary on Brahmagupta 's work .
Frederick Law Olmsted ( April 26 , 1822 -- August 28 , 1903 ) was an American landscape architect , journalist , social critic , and public administrator .
Stephan Meyer ( born June 18 , 1981 , in Zittau ) is a German politician ( CDU ) .
Jimmy McDonough is a journalist and biographer .
' Ann - Marie Adams ' is an award - winning journalist and historian .
Sanny Dahlbeck is a Swedish welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Odenplan Fightgym , Stockholm , Sweden .
Raageshwari Loomba is an Indian pop singer , actress , model , television anchor , former MTV and Channel V VJ , a yoga practitioner and motivational speaker .
Alfred Easton Poor ( 1899 - -1988 ) was an American architect who was involved with many buildings and projects in New York City as well as multiple works in Washington , D.C. for the US Federal Government .
Jon - Paul Gates is an actor who has starred in 43 feature films , predominantly playing the anatagonist .
Remco Pardoel is a retired Dutch mixed martial artist .
Lee Seung - il ( Hangul : 이승일 ; born December 21 , 1982 ) is a South Korean field hockey player .
William E. Bunney is a neuroscientist focused on discovering the genes that cause major depressive disorder , schizophrenia , and bipolar disorder .
Linden MacIntyre ( born May 29 , 1943 ) is a Canadian journalist , broadcaster and novelist .
Melis Stoke ( c. 1235 -- c. 1305 ) was a Dutch writer who lived in the 13th century .
Paul Carter Harrison ( born March 1 , 1936 ) is an American playwright and professor .
Floyd ' Payne ' Turnham ( January 23 , 1909 -- May 5 , 1991 ) was an American R&B saxophonist in the 1950s , fronting the Floyd Turnham Combo .
Roger Manno ( b. April 26 , 1966 ) is an American politician .
Jim Desmond , 58 , is an American politician and serves as the Mayor of San Marcos , California .
George Momberg ( May 13 , 1934 -- August 24 , 1995 ) , better known by the ring name Killer Karl Krupp , was a Dutch - born professional wrestler famous during the 1970s and early 1980s .
Lindy Miller ( born July 6 , 1956 ) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour , Ben Hogan Tour , and Champions Tour .
Peter Hinssen ( born August 23 , 1969 ) is a technology entrepreneur , lecturer and author .
Dyan Sheldon is an American novelist , who has written for adults , children and young adults .
A descendant of six generations of actors , Lynne Carol ( also known as Josephine Palmer ) was born in Monmouthshire , south east Wales , where her actor parents Charles Harber and Mina Harber ( née McKinnon ) were touring in a stage play .
Jerry Interval , ( October 10 , 1923 - December 4 , 2006 ) , was an American portrait photographer and educator known for his expert studio and natural lighting techniques and for his Merry Monks series of portraits .
Nicholas Kallikles ( Greek : Νικόλαος Καλλικλῆς ) was a prominent physician and a leading court poet active in the Byzantine court in Constantinople during the reigns of Alexios I Komnenos ( r. 1081 - -1118 ) and John II Komnenos ( r. 1118 - -1143 ) .
Lalo Rodríguez ( real first name Ubaldo ) , born in 1958 in Carolina , Puerto Rico is a salsa singer and musician is best known for his hit `` Ven Devórame Otra Vez '' .
Taj Mohammad Wardak is an Afghan politician , from the Pashtun ethnic group .
Oludotun Jacobs ( born July 11 , 1942 ) , popularly known as Olu Jacobs , is a Nigerian actor .
Albert M. Chan ( born October 1 , 1975 ) is a Canadian actor and filmmaker based in the United States .
Phil Harvey is an American entrepreneur , philanthropist and libertarian who over the past 43 years has set up large - scale programs that deliver subsidized contraceptives in poor countries .
Jeff Harnar is an American , New York - based cabaret singer and recording artist with an unusually smooth , baritone voice and a fondness for the Broadway musical repertoire .
Deon Jackson ( January 26 , 1946 -- April 18 , 2014 ) , was an American soul singer and songwriter .
Jorge Celedón also known as Jorgito Celedón is a Colombian musician , singer of vallenato music .
Aaron Bold ( born April 22 , 1985 ) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player who plays goalie for the Saskatchewan Rush of the National Lacrosse League .
Franklin Welsh Bowdon ( February 17 , 1817 -- June 8 , 1857 ) was an American politician and an Alabama congressman .
Charles Deas ( December 22 , 1818 -- March 23 , 1867 ) was an American painter noted for his oil paintings of Native Americans and fur trappers of the mid-19th century .
Samuel Guy Endore ( July 4 , 1901 -- February 12 , 1970 ) , born Samuel Goldstein and also known as Harry Relis , was an American novelist and screenwriter .
James M. Humes , commonly known as Jim Humes , is an American lawyer from San Francisco , California .
Maggie Sajak ( born January 5 , 1995 ) is an American country singer .
Colin Eatock is a Canadian author , journalist and composer who lives in Toronto , Ontario .
Pilin Tachakittiranan ( Thai : ไพลิน เตชะกฤตธีระนันท์ ; born June 14 , 1983 ) is a Thai former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events .
Thomas Alexander Tefft ( August 2 , 1826 -- December 12 , 1859 ) was an American architect , from Providence , Rhode Island .
L. Adaikalaraj was an Indian politician and former Member of Parliament elected from Tamil Nadu .
Kristy Starling is a Contemporary Christian Music singer , born in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
Catherine Hayes Bailey ( May 9 , 1921 -- March 29 , 2014 ) was an American plant geneticist known for developing new varieties of fruit .
Akara Amarttayakul ( Thai : อครา อมาตยกุล , born April 19 , 1974 ) is a Thai film and television actor .
Wallace L. Dow , often known as W.L. Dow , was an architect of Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
James Philp ( ca . 1860 -- 1935 ) was Scottish - born Australian journalist and author , the one who drafted the rules of the Dawn and Dusk Club of which Australian writer Henry Lawson was a prominent member .
Mohamadou Djibrilla Maïga ( July 8 , 1908 in Colman Niger -- November 23 , 1975 in Paris ) was a communist politician from Niger who was elected to the French Senate in 1947 .
Roy M. Fisher ( September 5 , 1918 -- March 25 , 1999 ) was a journalist and Editor - in - Chief of the Chicago Daily News .
Jennifer Zeng ( born October 19 , 1966 ) is a mainland Chinese - born human rights activist and author , best known for her practice of Falun Gong , the subsequent government suppression of the movement , and the book she wrote about her experience regarding Falun Gong :
Alicia Zubasnabar de De la Cuadra ( July 15 , 1915 -- June 1 , 2008 ) , also known as `` Licha '' , was an Argentine human rights activist .
Prior to joining Communication Arts in 1986 , Coyne worked as a graphic designer for Michael Mabry and SBG Partners and then co - founded the San Francisco - based design firm Patrick Coyne / Stephanie Steyer Design Office .
Jan van Huchtenburg ( bapt . November 20 , 1647 , Haarlem - bur . July 2 , 1733 , Amsterdam ) , was a famous Dutch horse and battle painter , like Esaias van de Velde and Philip Wouwermans .
Javier Alva Orlandini ( born December 11 , 1927 ) is a lawyer and a Peruvian politician .
Jill Ann Weatherwax ( October 26 , 1970 -- March 24 , 1998 ) was an American model and aspiring singer .
Porfirio Salinas ( November 6 , 1910 -- April 18 , 1973 ) was an Early Texas landscape painter who is recognized for his depictions of the Texas Hill Country in the springtime .
Mark Bunker is an American broadcast journalist , videographer and documentary filmmaker .
Neha Bhasin is an Indian professional singer .
Victoria Carroll ( or Victoria Carrol - Bell ; born Mary Carol Lee Ford on January 21 , 1941 ) is an American film , stage , television and voice actress and artist .
Alban Mannisi is a French landscape architect and leader of Seiwooo , the Urban & Landscape Architecture Platform currently based in Tokyo .
Jérôme Finkelstein better known as Jérôme Anthony is a French television presenter .
Andrew Baines ( born 17 June 1962 ) is a notable Australian `` quasi - surrealist painter and installation artist , '' best known for his paintings of politicians in exposed positions and bowler - hatted office workers .
Victor Brandt ( born September 19 , 1942 ) is an American actor mostly known for his voice - over performances .
Rev. Thomas Grassmann , OFM Conv , ( December 18 , 1890 -- October 1 , 1970 ) was a Conventual Franciscan friar and historian and archaeologist of Colonial New York , who discovered the site of the Mohawk American Village of Caughnawaga near Fonda , New York .
Mustafizur Rahman Siddiqi ( M.R. Siddiqi ) ( 1925 - 1992 ) was an entrepreneur , politician and diplomat .
Peter Leeds ( May 30 , 1917 -- November 12 , 1996 ) was an American actor , who appeared on television more than eight thousand times and also had many film , Broadway , and radio credits .
Joseph Michael Sampite ' , known as Joe Sampite ' ( January 22 , 1931 -- May 18 , 2012 ) was a Louisiana politician known for promotion of his adopted hometown of Natchitoches , of which he served as the mayor from 1980 to 2000 .
Ashirbadi Lal Srivastava , more commonly known as A.L. Srivastava , was an Indian historian specialising in medieval Indian history .
Lidetu Ayalew ( Ge'ez : ልደቱ አያለዉ ) is an Ethiopian opposition politician who was the President of the Ethiopian Democratic Party .
Anne O'Hagan Shinn ( August 8 , 1869 -- June 24 , 1933 ) was an American suffragist , journalist , and writer of short stories .
Johan Austbø ( October 23 , 1879 -- December 22 , 1945 ) was a Norwegian teacher , dancer , poet , composer , singer , and proponent of Nynorsk .
Kate Bohner ( born April 14 , 1967 , in Wilmington , Delaware ) is an American journalist and writer .
Borka Vučić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борка Вучић ) ( April 1 , 1926 -- August 1 , 2009 ) , was a Serbian politician .
Gene Severens ( June 22 , 1963 -- February 19 , 2006 ) was an American songwriter , musician and visual artist .
Lex Barker ( May 8 , 1919 -- May 11 , 1973 ) was an American actor best known for playing Tarzan of the Apes and leading characters from Karl May 's novels .
Natig Rasulzadeh ( also spelled Natik via Russian ; Azerbaijani : Natiq Rəsulzadə ) is a contemporary Azerbaijani writer .
Fabrice Tiozzo ( born May 8 , 1969 ) is a French former boxer who fought at light heavyweight ( 175 lb ) .
Adam Nathanson is an American musician currently based in Richmond , Virginia .
Bill Britten is an American actor best known for his portrayal of Bozo the Clown .
Henry Hamilton Fyfe ( 29 September 1869 -- 15 June 1951 ) was a British journalist and writer who served as editor of both the Daily Mirror and the Daily Herald .
Gilbert Stork ( born December 31 , 1921 ) is a U.S. organic chemist .
Roy Charles Hammond ( born August 3 , 1939 ) , better known as Roy C or Roy `` C '' , is an American southern soul singer , songwriter and record executive , best known for his 1965 hit , `` Shotgun Wedding '' .
Krafft Arnold Ehricke ( March 24 , 1917 -- December 11 , 1984 ) was a German rocket - propulsion engineer and advocate for space colonization .
Edgardo Simón ( born December 16 , 1974 ) is an Argentine professional track and road bicycle racer .
Marianne Mewes is a retired German rower who won two gold , two silver medal and two bronze medals at the European championships of 1960 - -1966 .
Marisol Malaret Contreras ( born October 13 , 1949 ) is a Puerto Rican TV Host , model and beauty queen .
Aditi Mutatkar is an Indian badminton player from Pune , Maharashtra .
Mary - Margaret McMahon ( born July 6 , 1966 in Collingwood , Ontario ) is a Canadian politician , who was first elected to Toronto City Council in the 2010 city council election , she defeated Toronto City Council Speaker Sandra Bussin in Ward 32 ( Beaches -- East York ) .
Arctic Hospital ( Eric Patrick Bray born January 8 , 1985 in Green Bay , Wisconsin ) is an American DJ and record producer .
Lon Solomon is an American non - denominational Christian megachurch evangelist and the senior pastor at the McLean Bible Church in McLean , Virginia .
Diana Hignutt is a transsexual American novelist of fantasy fiction .
John Lyle Robinson ( August 28 , 1890 -- October 29 , 1953 ) was a Canadian politician who served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1935 until his death in 1953 sitting with the Social Credit caucus .
Gabriella De Ferrari is an American art historian , curator , and writer who has worked with and led major arts institutions throughout the United States .
Lewis B. Gunckel ( October 15 , 1826 -- October 3 , 1903 ) was an attorney , politician , advocate for Civil War disabled soldiers and their families , commissioner and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio .
William Travers Jerome ( April 18 , 1859 New York City -- February 13 , 1934 ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Ramblin ' Jimmie Dolan ( October 29 , 1916 -- July 31 , 1994 ) , born Lee Roy Pettit , was a Western swing musician born in Gardena , California .
Inaya Day ( born Inaya Davis , January 17 , 1977 , New York ) is an American singer , best known for her vocal work on house music tracks such as `` Horny '' by Mousse T , and her cover version of `` Nasty Girl '' by Prince protégé Vanity 6 .
Laura Pendergest - Holt ( born July 23 , 1973 ) is a convicted Ponzi scheme artist , financier , and former Chief Investment Officer of Stanford Financial Group , who was charged with a civil charge of fraud on February 17 , 2009 .
Joris Jarsky ( born December 3 , 1974 ) , also known as Joris Jorsky , is a Canadian stage , film and television actor who has received recognition for being a versatile actor , and is known for his role as Marty Strickland in the series Vampire High .
William Juhasz ( August 30 , 1899 , Budapest - September 29 , 1967 , New York ) was a Hungarian - American author , editor , cultural and religious historian , journalist , Roman Catholic lay intellectual , literary translator , university professor , lecturer , commentator , Cold War operative .
Al Newman has long been involved in the youth baseball player development .
Dr. A. V. Gurava Reddy is one of the leading surgeon(s ) in India and performs about 3500 joint replacements per year .
David A. Lane ( born 1945 ) is an American economist , who developed the theory of artifact innovation .
Luis Cruz Azaceta ( born April 5 , 1942 ) is a Cuban American painter .
After the assassination of his father by rival factions , a civil war followed between his sons of which Galdan Tseren emerged victorious and crowned himself the new Dzungar Khan .
Klaus - Dieter Kirchstein is a German bantam boxer who won the bronze medals in international competitions .
Ilona Felicjańska ( born 1973 ) is a Polish model , Miss Polonia 1993 , Businesswoman .
Keith Boag is a Canadian senior journalist with CBC Television .
Kjell Lönnå ( born June 13 , 1936 ) is a Swedish choir leader , composer and TV host .
Alberto Arnoldi ( or di Arnoldo ) was a 14th - century Italian sculptor and architect .
Ahmed Abdisalam Adan , also known as Ahmed Mohamed Aden , is a Somali radio journalist , media founder and politician .
Derek Kwok ( Kwok Chi - kin ) ( Chinese : 郭子健 ) is a film director .
Chris Barton Adkisson ( September 30 , 1969 -- September 12 , 1991 ) was an American professional wrestler , best known under the ring name Chris Von Erich of the Von Erich family .
Josephine `` Jo '' Armstead ( born October 8 , 1944 ) , often known as `` Joshie '' Jo Armstead , is an American soul singer and songwriter .
Henry Hodges ( born June 1 , 1993 ) is an American actor , voice actor and singer .
Alessandro Juliani ( born July 6 , 1975 ) is a Canadian actor , singer , and voice actor .
Annette Cowley - Nel ( born 06/01/1967 ) was a world class freestyle swimmer .
Jasmine Sailing is an author , events organizer , performer , music journalist , and editor - publisher of the magazine CyberPsychos AOD .
Dr. John Adams Bownocker ( March 11 , 1865 -- October 20 , 1928 ) was an American geologist .
Alfred A. Gemma ( born 1939 ) is an American politician who is a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives , representing the 20th District from 2005 , following his special election victory to fill the seat of the deceased Representative Paul V. Sherlock , to January 2011 .
Sam Tata ( September 30 , 1911 -- July 3 , 2005 ) was a noted photographer and photojournalist .
Jeff Moonie , Jr. is an American filmmaker / rapper .
Carlon Jeffery ( born July 10 , 1993 ) is an American actor and rapper .
Holmes Rolston III ( born November 19 , 1932 ) is a philosopher who is University Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at Colorado State University .
Gary Cowling ( born November 4 , 1961 ) , is an American stage and motion - picture actor .
Nevers Mumba ( born 1960 ) is a Zambian politician and minister .
Peter Zychla is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong .
Charles N. Brower has been a judge of the Iran - United States Claims Tribunal since 1983 .
Mark Turin ( born 1973 ) is a British anthropologist , linguist and broadcaster of Italo - Dutch origin who specialises in the Himalayas .
Matthew Wurth ( born in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the North Sydney Bears in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition .
Fotios Zaharoglou ( Greek : Φώτιος Ζαχάρογλου ) is a Greek computer scientist .
Deborah Hopkinson ) is an American writer of children 's books , primarily historical fiction , nonfiction and picture books .
Damion Suomi is an American singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Piney Gir ( pronounced `` gear '' ) , often shortened to Piney , is an American musician and singer , born in Kansas but based in London , England since 1998 .
Tayuka Nakanishi is an active Japanese fashion designer .
Yi I was not only known as a philosopher but also as a social reformer .
In obituaries to his son , the poet and writer Dom Moraes , Frank Moraes was called an `` author ... sometime editor of the Times of India '' , and `` an Oxford - educated lawyer who was to become a celebrated journalist and Editor of The Times of India '' .
Semen Danilov ( also Semyon Danilov , Russian : Семен Данилов ; born September 20 , 1986 ) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Jonathan Fisk ( September 26 , 1778 -- July 13 , 1832 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as United States Representative for the third district of New York .
Ezekial Dann Florek ( born May 1 , 1950 ) , better known as Dann Florek , is an American actor and director .
Stephen Barth is an American lawyer , professor , author , keynote speaker and entrepreneur .
Marion Andres is a Filipino politician , formerly a three - term vice mayor for the city of Marikina .
Carl Amari ( born August 20 , 1963 ) is an American actor , director , producer and nationally syndicated radio host .
Koratala Siva is an Indian film director and screenwriter who works primarily in Telugu cinema .
Helena Třeštíková is a Czech documentary film director , member of the European Film Academy , and briefly the Czech Republic 's Culture Minister .
Mary Clark - Glass is an academic , medical administrator and former politician in Northern Ireland .
From 1995 to 2000 , Folds was the frontman and pianist of the alternative rock band Ben Folds Five .
Christine Flores ( born September 26 , 1981 ) , better known as Christina Milian ( ) , is an American singer , songwriter and actress .
Rajesh Jolly ( Hindi : राजेश जौली , Rājēśa Jaulī , born : August 20 , 1960 ) is an Indian actor who 's been working with Bollywood films , and is also a voice actor who has been participating in dubbing foreign films into the Hindi language , mostly for English language films .
John Estacio ( born April 8 , 1966 ) is a contemporary Canadian composer .
Moses Judah Folkman ( February 24 , 1933 -- January 14 , 2008 ) was an American medical scientist best known for his research on tumor angiogenesis , the process by which a tumor attracts blood vessels to nourish itself and sustain its existence .
Stanislas Blanchard ( December 2 , 1871 -- December 7 , 1949 ) was a Canadian politician and gentleman .
Stephanie Park ( born November 28 , 1993 ) is a Canadian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player from Vancouver , British Columbia who won a gold medal in Women 's CWBL National Championships .
Lucas Arnau is a Colombian singer - songwriter who was born in Medellín , Antioquia on May 16 , 1979 .
Nicolas Dipre ( sometimes also Nicolas d'Amiens , Nicolas d'Ypres , fl . c. 1495 - 1532 ) was a French early Renaissance painter .
Taddeo Carlone ( died 25 March 1613 ) was a Swiss - Italian sculptor and architect .
Jarosław Wołkonowski is a Polish - Lithuanian historian , Doctor of Philosophy with Habilitation affiliated with the University of Białystok ( in Białystok , Poland , where he holds the title of university professor ) and University of Vilnius ( in Vilnius , Lithuania , where he lives ) .
James Middlebrook ( born 13 March 1977 , Leeds , Yorkshire , England ) is an English first - class cricketer , currently playing for Yorkshire County Cricket Club on a short - term contract .
Hendrik - Jan Grievink ( born June 14 , 1977 ) is a Dutch graphic designer and editor based in Amsterdam .
David Penberthy is the editor - in - chief of News Limited news site news.com.au and the former opinion website , The Punch .
Gil Hak - mi ( born February 18 , 1989 ) is South Korean singer finishing third in first season of Superstar K. She sings the theme of reality - variety show 2 Days & 1 Night with Han Bora .
Andor Jaross ( May 23 , 1896 , Komáromcsehi , Komárom County -- April 11 , 1946 ) was an ethnic Hungarian politician from Slovakia and collaborator with the Nazis .
Vinicius Cantuária ( born April 29 , 1951 ) is a Brazilian singer , songwriter , guitarist , drummer and percussionist .
Marc Bonilla is a guitarist and composer .
Richard Milburn or `` Whistling Dick '' was a nineteenth - century African American composer and barber .
Virginia Minnetti ( born July 1 , 1952 ) , best known by her stage name Viola Valentino , is an Italian singer .
Virginia Farmer ( born October 19 , 1975 in San Luis Obispo , California , United States ) is an American Samoan swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Krishna Kishor Ghimire ( Nepali : कृष्णकिशोर घिमिरे ) is a Nepalese politician .
Johanna Ray is an American casting director and film producer , sometimes credited as `` Joanna Ray '' .
Jang Jin ( born February 24 , 1971 ) is a South Korean film director , theatre director , playwright , screenwriter , film producer , actor and TV personality .
Nils Otto Tank ( March 11 , 1800 -- May 4 , 1864 ) was a Moravian Church missionary and pioneer land developer in Wisconsin .
In 1985 , Aaron Teitelbaum was appointed as the chief rabbi and rosh yeshiva of the Satmar congregation in Kiryas Joel , which gave him authority over all the community 's affairs .
Yen Shui - long ( 顏水龍 ; June 5 , 1903 -- September 24 , 1997 ) , a Taiwanese painter and sculptor , was born in Xiaying in Tainan County ( now part of Tainan City ) .
Patricia Alvarado Nuñez is an award winning American television producer , director , journalist , blogger and published photographer based in Boston , Massachusetts .
Natallia Arsiennieva ( Belarusian : Наталля Арсеннева ) ( 1903 - -1997 ) was a Belarusian playwright , poet , and translator .
Julia Scott is a noted Canadian - American writer and journalist , known primarily for her work in print and broadcast media .
Tomi Hirvonen ( born January 11 , 1977 ) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey player who spent most of his career playing in the Finnish Liiga .
Robert Garrigus ( born November 11 , 1977 ) is an American professional golfer who is currently a member of the PGA Tour .
Mordecai Waxman , KCSG ( February 25 , 1917 , in Albany -- August 10 , 2002 , in Great Neck , New York ) , was a prominent rabbi in the Conservative Jewish movement for nearly 60 years .
Carlene M. Walker is an American politician and businesswoman from Utah .
Gertrude Tiemer Wille ( 1897 - 1967 ) , better known as Gertrude Tiemer , was a painter , photographer , and poet .
Donn Moomaw ( born October 15 , 1931 ) is a retired American football player and Presbyterian minister .
Giorgio Interiano was a Genovese traveler , historian and ethnographer .
Hendrick Hendricksen Kip was a tailor in Amsterdam in 1624 .
Francis Phillip Wuppermann ( June 1 , 1890 -- September 18 , 1949 ) , known by his stage name of Frank Morgan , was an American character actor .
Mahmud Dhiyab al - Ahmad is a former Iraqi diplomat , who held several cabinet - level positions .
Brad Foxhoven is an American film producer and entertainment executive .
Orhan Kemal Cengiz is a Turkish lawyer , journalist and human rights activist .
Brian Newman ( born June 10 , 1981 ) is an American jazz musician , singer , and trumpet player .
Waswo X. Waswo ( November 13 , 1953 ) , is a photographer and writer most commonly associated with his chemical process sepia - toned photographs of India , and also hand - colored portraits made at his studio in Udaipur , Rajasthan .
Tony T. Roberts , also known as Tony Roberts , is an American comedian and actor .
Julio Ducuron ( November 24 , 1946 -- present ) is an Impressionist landscape painter .
Marvin Camel ( born December 24 , 1951 ) is a boxer and member of the Salish Kootenai Nation of the Flathead Indian Reservation in Northwestern Montana .
Lawrence Dermer is a Grammy nominated and BMI award winning record producer and multi - platinum songwriter .
Retta Davidson ( November 1 , 1921 in Arcadia , California -- June 12 , 1998 in Carlsbad , California ) was a United States animator .
Christophe Bouchet is a former journalist at Le Nouvel Observateur .
Steve Toll ( born June 16 , 1974 in St. Catharines , Ontario ) is a former lacrosse player and current executive in the Canadian Lacrosse League .
Helen Norris Bell ( June 22 , 1916 -- November 18 , 2013 ) was an American novelist and short story author who was Poet Laureate of Alabama from 1999 to 2003 .
Maurice Meyssonnier was a Chief executioner in French Algeria .
Oscar Rex ( sometimes spelled Oskar ) ( March 26 , 1857 -- February 8 , 1929 ) was an Austrian genre painter .
Perpessicius ( Romanian : ( perpeˈsit͡ʃjus ) ; pen name of Dumitru S. Panaitescu , also known as Panait Şt . Dumitru , D. P. Perpessicius and Panaitescu - Perpessicius ; October 22 , 1891 -- March 29 , 1971 ) was a Romanian literary historian and critic , poet , essayist and fiction writer .
Paul Coy Allen is a filmmaker , television director television producer , and music video director .
Thomas Arkell ( born November 10 , 1823 in Gloucestershire , England , United Kingdom ; died February 2 , 1906 ) was a Canadian politician , farmer and grain merchant .
Lynn Crandall ( December 8 , 1888 - June 26 , 1964 ) was an American civil engineer who had charge of the water distribution of the Snake River , Salmon River and Henrys Fork of the Snake River for over 29 years .
Les Blank ( November 27 , 1935 -- April 7 , 2013 ) was an American documentary filmmaker best known for his portraits of American traditional musicians .
Stefan Härtel ( born February 6 , 1988 ) is a German professional boxer who competes as a Super Middleweight .
Greg Hamilton is a Canadian baseball player , coach and executive .
Anatole Fistoulari ( August 20 , 1907 -- August 21 , 1995 ) was a noted 20th - century conductor .
Vernon Jones ( born October 31 , 1960 ) is an African - American Democratic politician from US state of Georgia .
Cook Neilson ( born August 24 , 1943 ) is an American former journalist and motorcycle racer made famous for his win on a Ducati 750SS at Daytona in 1977 .
Robert Raack ( born in Akron , Ohio June 10 , 1950 ) is an American painter .
Sibyl Buck ( born May 27 , 1972 ) is an American musician , yoga instructor , and fashion model .
Dakssh Ajit Singh is an Indian actor , singer , songwriter and film producer .
Eric Pacey ( born May 3 , 1978 in Toronto , Ontario ) was a professional lacrosse player for the Minnesota Swarm of the National Lacrosse League .
Alejandro Colunga Marín is a Mexican artist , painter and sculptor .
Flavius Messius Phoebus Severus ( floruit 469 - 470 ) was a Roman politician and philosopher .
Former bold film director and drug addict turned born again Christian Steve Regala a.k.a . Tata Esteban had been inviting people to come celebrate his 49th birthday on Sept. 28 , 2003 .
Vazha Lortkipanidze ( Georgian : ვაჟა ლორთქიფანიძე ; born November 29 , 1949 ) is a Georgian politician and statesman , former Prime Minister of Georgia and Ambassador of Georgia to Russia , member of the Parliament of Georgia .
Savi Gabizon ( Hebrew : שבי גביזון‎ ) is an Israeli filmmaker , screenwriter and producer .
Yvan Rodic also known as FaceHunter , is a Swiss street style - photographer who travels the world photographing people at cultural events and fashion events .
Prince Gomolvilas ( born August 28 , 1972 ) is a Thai American playwright .
Sir John Christian Schultz , KCMG ( January 1 , 1840 -- April 13 , 1896 ) was a Manitoba politician .
Bliss N. Davis ( December 8 , 1801 -- February 11 1885 ) was a Vermont politician and lawyer who served as President of the Vermont State Senate .
Róbert Bérczesi ( born 1976 ) is a Hungarian musician , best known as the lead singer and songwriter of the Hungarian cult band hiperkarma .
João Antônio Ferreira Filho ( January 27 , 1937 -- October 31 , 1996 ) was a Brazilian journalist and short story writer , who became known for portraying the lives of marginalized people inhabiting the outskirts of large cities , such as bandits , workers , vagrants and malandros .
Veronica Jacques ( born May 14 , 1987 ) is an American model best known for her work on the runway .
Barbara Manning ( born December 12 , 1964 ) is an American singer - songwriter and guitarist whose albums blend elements of rock , folk , pop and proto - punk .
Apesanahkwat is a Native American tribal leader , film , and television actor .
María Isabel Sánchez is an Argentine radio host , who works in Encendidos En La Tarde and Cada Mañana .
David Bologna ( born December 3 , 1994 ) is an American actor , dancer and singer .
Cathy Rush ( born Cathy Cohen , April 7 , 1947 ) was the head women 's basketball coach at Immaculata from 1972 - 1977 .
TC Smith is an American singer best known for her work with TCR and her voiceover work with producer Joseph Bishara .
Charles O'Flynn was an American twentieth century songwriter , who was active during the Tin Pan Alley era ; specifically from 1921 to 1947 .
Walter Wenzel was a classical violinist from Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
John Prine ( born October 10 , 1946 ) is an American country / folk singer - songwriter .
Justin Bruening ( born September 24 , 1979 ) is an American actor and former fashion model .
Kevin Dunn ( born August 24 , 1956 ) is an American actor who has appeared in supporting roles in a number of films and television series since the 1980s .
Kerwin Mathews ( January 8 , 1926 -- July 5 , 2007 ) was an American actor best known for playing the titular heroes in The 7th Voyage of Sinbad ( 1958 ) , The Three Worlds of Gulliver ( 1960 ) and Jack the Giant Killer ( 1962 ) .
William Leo Higi was born in Anderson , Indiana , August 29 , 1933 , and ordained a priest May 30 , 1959 .
Mrs. Hengameh Mofid is the youngest child of Gholamhossein Mofid , a well - known actor , teacher and calligrapher and his wife , Ghodssiyeh Farivar , a high school headmistress , they had 7 children and in years , they become one of the most famous and well - known families in Iranian theater and cinema .
Tony Tilse is a veteran Australian television director .
Jacob van der Ulft ( 1621 - -1689 ) was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter , architect , and mayor .
Mahalakshmi Iyer is an Indian playback singer , best known for her Hindi and Tamil songs .
Leila Schneps ( born December 22 , 1961 ) is an American mathematician , living in France , employed by Centre national de la recherche scientifique , and based at the Institut de Mathématiques de Jussieu of Pierre and Marie Curie University , France , where she specializes in number theory .
Ronald L. Haeberle ( born circa 1940 ) is a former United States Army photographer best known for the photographs he took of the My Lai Massacre on March 16 , 1968 .
An Tran ( born July 29 , 1952 in Saigon ) is a Vietnamese - American professional poker player , now living in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Shurwayne Winchester is a Tobagonian soca musician from The Republic of Trinidad and Tobago , who has twice won the Road March title .
Ethlie Ann Vare ( born March 8 , 1953 in Montreal , Canada ) is a journalist and screenwriter best known for her work on television shows including CSI :
Marlaina Danielle Smith , ( born April 1 , 1971 ) is a former Canadian politician and journalist .
Harry Holtzman ( June 8 , 1912 -- September 25 , 1987 ) was an American artist and founding member of the American Abstract Artists group .
Tim Skousen is an American screenwriter , producer , and director .
Mary Vinton Folberg is the Head of School for Northwest Academy , a former teacher and former dancer .
Madeleine Gagnon ( born July 27 , 1938 ) is a Quebec educator , literary critic and writer .
Eric Froehlich ( born February 9 , 1984 ) is an American professional poker player and member of the Magic :
Ana María García is Cuban - Puerto Rican film director .
Hipólito Boaventura Caron ( 1862 - -1892 ) was a Brazilian painter and designer associated with the `` Grupo Grimm '' .
Umberto Petrin ( born 1960 ) is an Italian jazz pianist , composer and poet .
Mike Wylie ( born in Penrith , New South Wales ) is a former Australian professional rugby league player who played one first grade match for the Penrith Panthers in the 1968 New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition .
Alexis Bowater ( born 1969 ) is a former British television journalist and presenter .
Carlos Eduardo Robledo Puch ( born January 19 , 1952 ) , also known as `` The Death Angel '' and `` The Black Angel '' , is an Argentine serial killer .
Edwidge Danticat ( Haitian Creole pronunciation : ( ɛdwidʒ dãtika ) ; born January 19 , 1969 ) is a Haitian - American novelist and short story writer .
Susanna Gross ( born 1968 or 1969 ) has been literary editor of The Mail on Sunday since 1999 .
Craig Kochan ( born October 18 , 1974 in Marathon , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian curler from Toronto and Kapuskasing , Ontario .
George de Rue Meiklejohn ( August 26 , 1857 -- April 19 , 1929 ) was a Nebraska Republican politician who served as the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska under Governor John Milton Thayer and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Nebraska .
Captain Antoine Bollo was a French privateer in the time of the Napoleonic Wars .
Beth Mburu - Bowie also known as HowAboutBeth ( born April 1987 ) is an English singer , songwriter , musician , activist , and trustee .
Corra Mae Harris ( March 17 , 1869 -- February 7 , 1935 ) , was an American writer and journalist .
Benjamin F. Bonham ( October 8 , 1828 -- June 2 , 1906 ) was an American educator , politician , and judge in Oregon .
James Freeman Clarke ( April 4 , 1810 -- June 8 , 1888 ) was an American theologian and author .
Alih Jey ( born May 5 , 1984 ) is a Dominican Rock music singer and songwriter .
Nik Freitas is a singer - songwriter from Visalia , California and currently residing in Los Angeles .
Lou Butera ( May 15 , 1937 -- June 26 , 2015 ) was an American professional pool player ( then retired and operated a pool hall ) and an inductee into the Billiards Congress of America 's Hall of Fame in 1986 .
Gary Maloncon is a former college basketball player and actor .
David Cope ( born May 17 , 1941 , San Francisco , California ) is an American author , composer , scientist , and former professor of music at the University of California , Santa Cruz .
Piet van der Walt is a Namibian businessperson and politician who has been the Deputy Minister of Industrialisation , Trade and SME Development since 2015 .
Ra Paulette is an American cave sculptor based in New Mexico who digs into hillsides to sculpt elaborate artistic spaces inside mountains .
C. Musgrave ( first name and dates unknown ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) who was active in the 1820s and is recorded in one match in 1826 , totalling 3 runs with a highest score of 2 and holding one catch .
Frank Rozelaar - Green , sometimes credited as Frank Rozelaar Green , Frank Rozzler Green , Frank Green or Frank Rozelaa - Green , is a film and television actor .
Rhetorius of Egypt ( Greek : Ῥητόριος ) was the last major classical astrologer from whom we have any excerpts .
N. Maharajan is an Indian film director who directed Tamil and Hindi films .
Julian Wolkovitch ( January 8 , 1932 -- January 7 , 1991 ) was an engineer who pioneered the modern joined - wing aircraft concept .
Simon Bartram is an English illustrator and writer of children 's picture books .
Zygmunt Krauze ( born September 19 , 1938 ) is a Polish composer of contemporary classical music , educator and pianist .
Vincent Johnson ( born January 6 , 1969 ) , is an American serial killer popularly known as the Brooklyn Strangler .
Brad Ascalon , born in 1977 , is an American industrial designer who grew up in the Philadelphia suburb of Cherry Hill , New Jersey .
Christin Zenner ( born March 18 , 1991 in Plauen , Saxony ) is a German swimmer , who specialized in backstroke events .
Alexander W. Terrell ( November 23 , 1827 -- September 9 , 1912 ) was an American judge , planter , Confederate veteran and diplomat .
Carl - Michael Eide is a Norwegian black metal musician , multi - instrumentalist ( mainly known as a drummer ) , and vocalist .
Ezra ( /ˈɛzrə/ ; Hebrew : עזרא‎ , Ezra ; fl . 480 - -440 BC ) , also called Ezra the Scribe ( עזרא הסופר , Ezra ha - Sofer ) and Ezra the Priest in the Book of Ezra , was a Jewish scribe and a priest .
Chu Omambala , sometimes credited as Chu Ombala , is a British actor .
William Liller ( born 1927 ) is an American astronomer , a graduate of the University of Michigan , discoverer of two minor planets and several novae , and former Robert Wheeler Willson Professor of Applied Astronomy at Harvard University .
Horace B. Carpenter ( January 31 , 1875 -- May 21 , 1945 ) was an American actor , film director and , screenwriter .
Lisbeth Haas ( born c.1954 ) is an American historian and anthropologist .
Don Matthews , a.k.a . `` The Don '' , ( born June 22 , 1939 ) is a former head coach of several teams in the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
Karl Rubin ( born January 27 , 1956 ) is an American mathematician at University of California , Irvine as Thorp Professor of Mathematics .
Hampton Dellinger is a North Carolina lawyer in the Triangle office of Robinson , Bradshaw & Hinson who was a candidate for the 2008 Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina .
Jennings Michael Burch ( April 27 , 1941 -- January 15 , 2013 ) was an American writer and author of the 1984 best - selling autobiography They Cage the Animals At Night .
Kevin Sydney is a skilled actor , and a highly trained and efficient organizer of subversive activities .
Charles Murphey ( May 9 , 1799 -- January 16 , 1861 ) was an American lawyer and politician from the state of Georgia .
Beverly Kenney ( January 29 , 1932 , Harrison , New Jersey -- April 13 , 1960 , New York City ) was an American jazz singer .
Qazi Motahar Hossain ( Bengali : কাজী মোতাহার হোসেন ) was a Bangladeshi author , scientist , statistician , chess player and journalist .
Michael Marx ( born July 7 , 1958 ) is an American foil and epee fencer and fencing master .
Huh Kyung - young ( born July 13 , 1947 ) is a South Korean politician , chief of the Democratic Republican Party ( 민주공화당 , 民主共和黨 ) , and singer .
Aijaz Hussain Jakhrani is a prominent Pakistani politician , and parliamentarian .
María Soledad Alvear Valenzuela ( born September 17 , 1950 ) , is a Chilean lawyer and Christian Democrat politician , who was a cabinet member of the Aylwin , Frei and Lagos administrations .
Priscilla Coolidge ( 1941 , Lafayette , Tennessee , United States -- October 2 , 2014 ) was an American recording artist and sister of singer Rita Coolidge .
Sumner Ely ( May 22 , 1787 Lyme , New London County , Connecticut -- February 3 , 1857 ) was an American physician and politician from New York .
Tim Van Zandt ( born September 17 , 1963 ) is a nurse , former accountant and former politician from the U.S. state of Missouri .
Tural Abbasov ( born April 25 , 1990 ) is an Azerbaijani swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Lennie Niehaus ( né Leonard Niehaus ; born June 1 , 1929 ) is an American alto saxophonist , arranger , and composer on the West Coast jazz scene .
Antão Gonçalves was a 15th - century Portuguese explorer and slave trader who was the first European to buy Africans as slaves from black slave traders .
Bobby Lauher ( 1930 - -1973 ) was an American actor best known for his television skit work with Ernie Kovacs .
Jimmy LaFave ( born July 12 , 1955 ) is an American singer - songwriter and folk musician born in Wills Point , Texas .
Eric Staller is an American artist born September 14 , 1947 .
Professor Wendy Bacon ( born 1946 ) is an Australian academic and investigative journalist who now heads the Journalism Program at the University of Technology , Sydney .
George Gibson Coote ( August 18 , 1880 -- November 24 , 1959 ) was an accountant , bank manager , farmer , and Canadian federal politician .
Park Ji - won ( Hangul : 박지원 ; hanja : 朴趾源 ; 1737 - 1805 ) , styled Yeonam ( Hangul : 연암 ; hanja : 燕巖 , ' Rock of swallow ' ) , was a philosopher and novelist in the late Joseon Dynasty .
Cynthia Irwin - Williams ( April 14 , 1936 -- June 15 , 1990 ) was an archaeologist of the prehistoric American Southwest .
Eugene Mullin ( December 18 , 1894 -- April 15 , 1967 ) was an American screenwriter and film director of the silent era .
Henry Huttleston Rogers ( January 29 , 1840 -- May 19 , 1909 ) was an American industrialist and financier .
Bonnie Christensen ( January 23 , 1951 -- January 12 , 2015 ) was an American author and illustrator best known for writing biographies and other illustrated non - fiction books for children and young adults .
Ikko Tanaka ( January 13 , 1930 -- January 10 , 2002 ) was a graphic designer .
Esbon Blackmar ( June 19 , 1805 -- November 19 , 1857 ) was an American politician and a Whig Party U.S. Representative from New York .
Marie Brenner ( born 1949 ) is an American author , investigative journalist and writer - at - large for Vanity Fair .
Aleksandra Kovač ( Serbian : ( aleksǎːndra kôʋatʃ ) ; Serbian Cyrillic : Александра Ковач ; born 1972 ) is a Serbian singer - songwriter .
Jiang Yanyong ( born October 4 , 1931 ) is a Chinese physician from Beijing who publicized a coverup of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) epidemic in China .
Manuel Buzón ( December 18 , 1904 -- July 14 , 1954 ) was a tango pianist , singer , leader and composer .
Willy Gordon ( July 2 , 1918 -- July 12 , 2003 ) was a Swedish - Jewish sculptor and artist .
Rambaa Somdet ( born August 30 , 1974 ) is a Thai mixed martial artist and former thaiboxer who has fought for K-1 , Shooto , DEEP and Palace Fighting Championship .
Kevin Andrew Murphy is an American novelist and game writer from Northern California .
Gary Avis is an English ballet dancer and Principal Character Artist with The Royal Ballet , London .
Sandy or Sandy Stevens ( real name Sandy Stevenson ) is a British singer .
Christian Camargo ( né Minnick ; born July 7 , 1972 ) is an American actor , producer , writer , and director .
Daphne Berdahl ( June 14 , 1964 in Freiburg , Germany -- October 5 , 2007 ) was an anthropologist known for her work on Eastern Germany and Post - socialist Europe .
Braeden Lemasters ( born January 27 , 1996 ) is an American actor , musician and voice actor .
Chris Bosse is a German - born architect , resident in Sydney in Australia .
Joseph - Charles - Théodore Gervais ( July 25 , 1868 - February 18 , 1940 ) was a doctor and politician in Quebec .
Chino Moreno ( born Camillo Wong Moreno ; June 20 , 1973 ) is an American musician .
Scott Brooker is a British puppeteer , puppet maker , puppet designer .
Abukar Arman ( Somali : Cabukar Carman , Arabic : أبوكار أرمان‎ ) is a Somali political analyst , writer and former diplomat .
John Maitland , 1st Earl of Lauderdale , Viscount of Lauderdale , Viscount Maitland , and Lord Thirlestane and Boltoun , ( died January 1645 ) was President of the Parliament of Scotland as well as the Privy Council , a lawyer and a judge , who sided with the Parliamentarian cause during the Civil War .
Jang Gwang ( born January 5 , 1952 ) is a South Korean voice actor and film / television actor .
Joe Sowerbutts is a British actor who played the part of Thomas Mortmain in the 2003 film I Capture the Castle .
Henry de Rosenbach Walker ( 30 May 1867 -- 31 July 1923 ) was a British Liberal Party politician and author .
Gandikota V. Rao ( July 15 , 1934 in Vizianagaram , India -- July 31 , 2004 in Mexico ) was an Indian - American meteorologist ; a world - renowned expert on tropical meteorology , monsoon , tropical cyclones , and tropical cyclone tornadoes .
Julia Spicker ( born in Braunau am Inn ) is an Austrian photographer .
Kang Kyun - sung ( Hangul : 강균성 ; born April 18 , 1981 ) is a South Korean singer and television personality .
Giovanni Battista Caproni , 1st Count of Taliedo ( 1886 - -1957 ) , known as `` Gianni '' Caproni , was an Italian aeronautical engineer , civil engineer , electrical engineer , and aircraft designer who founded the Caproni aircraft - manufacturing company .
Dario Poggi ( born May 13 , 1909 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian bobsledder who competed from the late 1930s to the 1940s .
Alexandra Shimo is a Canadian writer , who was a shortlisted nominee for the Governor General 's Award for English - language non - fiction at the 2014 Governor General 's Awards as cowriter of Edmund Metatawabin 's memoir Up Ghost River :
Jan Savitt ( born Jacob Savetnick ; September 4 , 1907 -- October 4 , 1948 ) , known as `` The Stokowski of Swing '' , after having played violin in Stokowski 's orchestra , was an American bandleader , musical arranger , and violinist .
Lykourgos Kallergis ( Greek : Λυκούργος Καλλέργης ; March 7 , 1914 -- August 27 , 2011 ) was a Greek actor , director and politician born in Heraklion .
Jane Glazebrook is an American botanist known for her work on understanding plant defenses against pathogens and increasing crop yields .
Dmitry Dmitriyevich Smyshlyayev ( Russian : Дми́трий Дми́триевич Смышля́ев ) was a Russian historian , ethnographer and politician .
Dominique Tipper , who performs as a singer under the name Miss Tipper , is a British actress , singer - songwriter and dancer from Limehouse , East London .
Paul Durham ( born September 9 , 1968 ) is an American musician and the lead singer of rock bands Black Lab , Stray Palace , and Cake or Death .
Samuel J. Eldersveld ( March 29 , 1917 -- March 5 , 2010 ) was an American academic , political scientist , and Democratic politician .
Remberto Giménez was a Paraguayan musician .
Tucker Rountree is an American songwriter , artist and videographer .
David Easton ( June 24 , 1917 -- July 19 , 2014 ) was a Canadian - born American political scientist .
Kevin Norton ( born January 21 , 1956 ) is an American percussionist and composer active in the New York City jazz and contemporary music scenes .
Hannes Stockinger ( born May 8 , 1955 ) is an Austrian scientist , university professor and since 2010 Head of the Centre for Pathophysiology , Infectiology and Immunology and the Institute for Hygiene and Applied Immunology at the Medical University of Vienna .
Arivazhagan Venkatachalam is a Tamil film director known for his blockbuster - thriller Eeram .
Larry Rudolph ( born July 24 , 1963 ) is an American talent manager and former entertainment lawyer .
Sun Lih - chyun ( Chinese : 孫立群 ; pinyin : Sūn Lìqún ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Patricia A. Goodrich ( January 13 , 1933 -- March 31 , 1999 ) was an American politician and homemaker .
Theodore Evelyn Reece Phillips ( March 28 , 1868 -- May 13 , 1942 ) , known as T. E. R. Phillips , was an English astronomer .
Shane Yellowbird ( born July 7 , 1979 in Hobbema , Alberta ) is a Cree - Canadian country music singer / songwriter from Hobbema , Alberta .
Michael Leidig is a British journalist based in Vienna , Austria .
J.J. Blair is a musical engineer , producer and musician who has worked with such artists as Johnny Cash , June Carter Cash , Rod Stewart and The Who .
Boris Zilber ( Russian : Борис Иосифович Зильбер , born 1949 ) is a Soviet - British mathematician who works in mathematical logic ( specifically model theory ) .
Derrick Kitts ( born c. 1973 ) is a Republican politician from Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Aleksander Balos is a Polish artist and figurative painter , who lives in the United States and is a naturalised American .
Ralph Woodward ( b. November 17 , 1971 ) is an English classical conductor , arranger and organist .
Leah Baird ( June 20 , 1883 -- October 3 , 1971 ) was an American actress of the silent screen , and a screenwriter .
Celeste Jaguaribe de Matos Faria ( 5 April 1873 -- 9 Sept 1938 ) was a Brazilian composer , poet , singer and teacher who used the pseudonym Stella Bomilcar .
J. John Priola is a contemporary visual artist who uses photography and video .
Reidar Nyborg ( April 4 , 1923 -- April 30 , 1990 ) was a Norwegian cross - country skier who competed during the 1940s .
Raden Ariffien , often credited as Rd Ariffien , was an Indonesian film director .
Ben Easter ( born May 1 , 1979 ) is an American actor and photographer .
Ned Vizzini ( born Edison Price Vizzini , April 4 , 1981 -- December 19 , 2013 ) was an American writer .
Adrian Conan Doyle has been depicted as a race - car driver , big - game hunter , explorer , and writer .
Don Cummings ( born August 3 , 196- ) is an American playwright of more than fifteen plays , a screenwriter , fiction writer , essayist and composer .
Bathsheba Ratzkoff is a film director , producer , and editor .
Gangesha Upadhyaya ( Sanskrit : गंगेश उपाध्याय , Gaṅgeśa Upādhyāya ) ( late 12th century ) was an Indian mathematician and philosopher from the kingdom of Mithila .
Bruce Marchiano ( born February 5 , 1956 ) is an American actor and author best known for his portrayals of Jesus Christ in the Visual Bible film series .
Augustus Owsley Stanley I ( May 21 , 1867 -- August 12 , 1958 ) was a politician from the US state of Kentucky .
Ismaël Lô ( also Ismaël Lo ) is a Senegalese musician and actor .
Professor Cornelius Schnauber ( April 18 , 1939 -- February 21 , 2014 ) was a German - born scholar , historian , playwright , biographer and educator .
Nicolae Matei ( 1863 - -1933 ) was a Romanian politician who served as Deputy from 1905 to 1914 and as Senator from 1914 to 1933 .
Seepersad Naipaul worked as a journalist on the Trinidad Guardian .
Angayuqaq Oscar Kawagley ( November 8 , 1934 - April 27 , 2011 ) , best known as Oscar Kawagley , was a Yup'ik anthropologist , teacher and actor from Alaska .
Tje Austin , pronounced TYE , is an American R&B singer - songwriter based out of Austin , Texas .
Frank La Forge ( October 22 , 1879 -- May 5 , 1953 ) was an American pianist and composer and arranger of art songs .
Kyle Rae ( born January 23 , 1954 ) is a Canadian consultant and former politician .
Lois Greenfield ( born April 18 , 1949 ) is an American photographer best known for her unique approach to photographing the human form in motion .
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Ilyin , Jr. ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Алекса́ндрович Ильи́н-младший , born November 22 , 1983 ) is a Russian theater and film actor , poet , singer and songwriter of the punk band `` Plan of Lomonosov '' .
Adam Wingard ( born December 3 , 1982 ) is an American film director , editor , cinematographer , and writer .
Roger Tiley is a Welsh documentary photographer .
Troy Soos is a writer based in Winter Park , Florida and a well - regarded teacher of Advanced Placement physics .
William T. Kane ( September 8 , 1932 -- September 23 , 2008 ) was a physicist for Corning Incorporated , formerly Corning Glass Works , Inc. , in Corning , New York , who held patents in crystallography and heat - sensing technology -- developments which contributed to the early processing and manufacture of fiber optics .
Joseph Saul Kornfeld ( 12 Feb 1876- 29 Jun 1944 ) was an American reform rabbi and diplomat .
Jan Dost ( born 1965 ) is a Syrian Kurdish poet , writer and translator .
Andreas Masius ( or Maes ) ( November 30 , 1514 -- April 7 , 1573 ) was a Catholic priest , humanist and one of the first European syriacists .
In May 2007 , Image Comics ( in conjunction with Raw Studios ) published David Arquette 's the Tripper , which was adapted for the comic book medium by artist Nat Jones and writer Joe Harris , with whom Arquette shared writing duties .
Arturo Alcaraz ( March 21 , 1916 -- March 10 , 2001 ) was a Filipino volcanologist and a Thomasian ' Awardee ' for government service .
It was during his time as a teacher in Cabo Rojo that Ramón Marín started his career as a writer .
Mickey Tucker ( b. April 28 , 1941 , Durham , North Carolina ) is an American jazz pianist and organist currently living in Melbourne , Australia .
Mary Carr ( March 14 , 1874 -- June 24 , 1973 ) was an American film actress and was married to the actor William Carr ( 1866 - -1937 ) .
Gino Vannelli ( born June 16 , 1952 ) is a Canadian singer , songwriter , musician and composer .
Ben Ketai is an American film director , writer , and producer .
Abdu Ali Abdul Rahman is a Yemeni diplomat who was Ambassador to Pakistan in Islamabad .
Peg Alexander is a former politician in the United Kingdom .
Matěj Kopecký ( February 24 , 1775 , probably in Libčany - July 3 , 1847 in Koloděje nad Lužnicí , České Budějovice District ) was a Czech puppeteer .
Dr. Alan Gelperin is a scientist and biologist currently at Princeton University .
John Paul Oulu also known as Oulu GPO ( died March 5 , 2009 ) was a Kenyan human rights activist and A former Vice Chairman of the Students Organization of Nairobi University(SONU);the representative student body at the University of Nairobi .
Steve Shill is a British television and film director , actor , screenwriter , and television producer .
Ebenezer Lounsbery ( c. 1787 -- October 8 , 1868 Kingston , Ulster County , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Lawrence Aronovitch is a Canadian playwright and actor based in Ottawa .
Folk musician Harry Manx , who studied with Salil Bhatt and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt for five years , plays a Mohan Veena .
Braulio Arenas ( La Serena , April 4 , 1913 - †Santiago May 12 , 1988 ) was a Chilean poet and writer , founder of the surrealist Mandrágora group .
Thelma Estrin ( February 21 , 1924 - February 15 , 2014 ) was an American computer scientist and engineer who did pioneering work in the fields of expert systems and biomedical engineering .
Ira Mellman , Ph.D. is an American cell biologist who discovered endosomes .
Moero ( Μοιρώ ) or Myro ( Μυρώ ) was a poet of the 3rd century BCE from the city of Byzantium .
Danilo Bach ( born March 1 , 1944 ) is an American screenwriter and film producer .
Evi Gkotzaridis is a European historian whose work focuses on 20th century Irish and Greek history .
Roberto Ruspoli ( 27 july 1972 - Rome ) is an Italian television presenter and painter .
Doug Aitken is an American multimedia artist .
Antoine Auguelle Picard du Gay ( alternative spelling Augelle , also referred to as Anthony Auguel ) was a 17th - century French explorer .
Wallace John Eckert ( June 19 , 1902 -- August 24 , 1971 ) was an American astronomer , who directed the Thomas J. Watson Astronomical Computing Bureau at Columbia University which evolved into the research division of IBM .
Peter MacNeill is a Canadian film and television actor who has starred in several TV shows and films .
Gunjan Sinha is an Indian - American entrepreneur and business executive .
Robert Sylvester Kelly ( born January 8 , 1967 ) , known professionally as R. Kelly , is an American recording artist , songwriter , record producer , and former professional basketball player .
Oliver Robins ( born 1971 ) is an American writer , director and former child actor .
Michael Rosenauer ( born July 13 , 1966 ) is a German darts player who currently plays in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Raven - Symoné Christina Pearman ( /ˈreɪ.vən sɪˈmoʊn/ ; born December 10 , 1985 ) , known mononymously as Raven - Symoné , is an American actress , comedian , model , singer , songwriter , dancer , television producer and talk show host .
Abdulrahman al - Nuaimi ( 1943/1944 -- September 1 , 2011 ) was a Bahraini politician and opposition leader .
Jean Bassange was a French painter active in Paris in the 17th century and in the Académie de Saint - Luc .
Dörte Gatermann ( born 1956 , Hamburg ) is a German architect who is best known for designing the Triangle Tower in Cologne .
Wells Tower ( born April 14 , 1973 ) is an American writer of short stories and non - fiction .
William Dandridge Peck ( May 8 , 1763 Boston -- October 8 , 1822 Cambridge , MA ) was a botanist , and America 's first native entomologist .
Sandra Nashaat ( Arabic : ساندرا نشأت‎ ; born February 2 , 1970 ) is an Egyptian film director .
Alfonso Bedoya ( April 16 , 1904 -- December 15 , 1957 ) was a Mexican actor who frequently appeared in U.S. films .
Rabbi Moshe Kletenik is an American rabbi .
Dave Kellett is the creator and cartoonist of two webcomic titles , Sheldon and Drive , and the co - author of How To Make Webcomics .
Def Rhymz ( real name : Dennis Douwe Bouman , born July 13 , 1970 in Paramaribo ) is a Dutch rapper .
Rick Lewis is the founder and editor of Philosophy Now , and thereby one of the main initiators of the popular philosophy movement in the English speaking world .
Franklin Henry Giddings , ( March 23 , 1855 -- June 11 , 1931 ) was an American sociologist and economist .
Amy Thielen is a chef , food writer , and television personality who focuses on Midwestern cooking and food culture .
Ebenezer Trotman ( -1865 ) was an architect of churches and railway stations .
Ibn al - Faqih al - Hamadani ( Persian : ابن فقیه الهمذانی‎‎ ) was a 10th - century Persian historian and geographer , famous for his Mukhtasar Kitab al - Buldan ( `` Concise Book of Lands '' ) .
Sama Sahr Mondeh is a Sierra Leonean politician and agriculturalist .
Herbert Tichy ( June 1 , 1912 - September 26 , 1987 ) was an Austrian author , geologist , journalist and climber .
Naeem Khan ( born May 21 , 1958 ) is an Indian - American fashion designer .
Damon Ferrante is an American composer whose works have been performed in concert halls and performance venues throughout North America , most notably , Carnegie Hall , Symphony Space , Guild Hall , and Theatre Project .
Parvaz Homay ( born 1980 ) is an Iranian composer , lyricist , vocalist , and performer specializing in Persian classical - style music .
William Alexander Parsons Martin ( April 10 , 1827 -- December 17 , 1916 ) , also known as Ding Weiliang ( 丁韙良 ) , was an American Presbyterian missionary to China and translator , famous for having translated a number of important Western treatises into Chinese , such as Henry Wheaton 's Elements of International Law .
Krishnakumar Balasubramanian is an Indian film and stage actor .
Miguel Ângelo Lupi ( 1826 - 1883 ) was a Portuguese painter and art professor , who worked in the Romantic style .
John Nicholas Oliva ( born July 22 , 1960 ) , known simply as Jon Oliva , is an American composer , multi - instrumentalist and singer .
Mark Mazzetti ( born May 13 , 1974 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning American journalist for the New York Times .
Dan Lederman ( born November 25 , 1972 in Waterloo , Iowa ) is an American politician and was a Republican member of the South Dakota Senate representing District 16 from January 11 , 2011 to March 30 , 2015 .
Daggubati Suresh Babu is a Telugu film producer , studio owner and distributor and managing director of Suresh Productions .
Bartolomeo Nazari ( May 31 , 1693 -- August 24 , 1758 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque , mainly active in Venice as a portraitist .
William Krasner ( June 8 , 1917 -- October 29 , 2003 ) was an American mystery novelist .
Luís Nicolau Fagundes Varela ( August 17 , 1841 -- February 18 , 1875 ) was a Brazilian Romantic poet , adept of the `` Ultra - Romanticism '' movement .
Charles William Ashworth ( born August 10 , 1956 ) better known by the stage name Charlie Peacock is an American singer , songwriter , pianist , record producer , session musician and author .
Joseph Renzulli ( born July 7 , 1936 ) is an American educational psychologist .
Joel Andrew Magoffin , best known as Andy Magoffin , is a Canadian musician and record producer .
Jan Josef Ignác Brentner ( Johann Joseph Ignaz , surname also spelled Brenntner , Brendner , Brendtner , or Prentner ) ( November 3 , 1689 -- June 28 , 1742 ) , was a Czech composer of the Baroque era .
Antonia Maury ( March 21 , 1866 -- January 8 , 1952 ) was an American astronomer who published an important early catalog of stellar spectra .
Vika Jigulina ( born February 18 , 1986 ) is a Moldovan - born Romanian music producer , singer , and disc jockey .
Joanna Deborah Bussinger ( born 20 July 1993 ) , known professionally as Debrah Scarlett , is a Norwegian - Swiss singer .
Lee Kyu - hyun ( Korean : 이규현 , born October 15 , 1980 ) is a South Korean former competitive figure skater .
Rajiv Dogra is an Indian diplomat , television commentator , writer and an artist .
Christopher C. Fennell ( born c. 1964 ) is an American anthropologist and lawyer , an Assistant Professor of Anthropology at the University of Illinois , Urbana - Champaign .
Ketty Gilsoul - Hoppe ( 1868 -- 1939 ) was a Belgian painter who mostly worked in watercolors .
Sisely Treasure is an American singer , songwriter , dancer and actress , notable for the song `` All Around the World '' released by Dreamworks Records in July 2003 and appearing in Billboard Magazine 's Top 40 Dance charts the same year .
Stephen Guarino ( born November 14 , 1975 ) is an American actor and comedian , best known as a cast member on the sketch comedy series The Big Gay Sketch Show , the films BearCity and BearCity 2 :
Adrian A. Husain ( born 1942 , Kanpur ) is an Indian - born Pakistani poet of the English language .
Dorothy Swaine Thomas ( October 24 , 1899 -- May 1 , 1977 ) was an American sociologist and economist .
Ray Burdis ( born October 1959 in London ) is an English actor , screenwriter , director and film producer .
Grand Ayatollah Asadollah Bayat - Zanjani ( born 1942 Zanjan ; in Persian : اسدالله بیات زنجانی ) is an Iranian theologian , Islamic philosopher , writer and Grand marja of Islam .
Aaron Parry is an American synagogue rabbi , counter - missionary expert , and author of several beginners books on Judaism .
David Steinhart is a singer - songwriter , guitarist , and producer best known for the bands Pop Art , Smart Brown Handbag , and the Furious Seasons .
Tan Weiwei ( simplified Chinese : 谭维维 ; traditional Chinese : 譚維維 ; pinyin : Tán Wéiwéi or Sitar Tan ; born October 8 , 1981 in Sichuan ) is a Chinese singer .
Francis Judd Cooke ( December 28 , 1910 -- May 18 , 1995 ) was an American composer , organist , cellist , pianist , conductor , choir director , and professor .
Madeline Miller is an American novelist , whose debut novel was The Song of Achilles .
Kim Tae - kyung ( Hangul : 김태경 ; born March 29 , 1998 ) is a South Korean figure skater .
Dempsey and Rowe is the musical theatre composition team of Ohioans John Dempsey ( lyricist ) and Dana P. Rowe ( composer ) .
Eduardo Germán Otero ( born February 4 , 1980 ) is an Argentine former swimmer , who specialized in backstroke and butterfly events .
Lynn Gottlieb ( born April 12 , 1949 in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania ) is an American rabbi in the Jewish Renewal movement .
Dermod O'Meara was an Irish physician and poet , author of the first medical work printed in Dublin in 1619 .
Mark Attard ( born 29 July 1974 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) in 1992 .
Anton Kržan ( Marija Gorica , June 8 , 1835 - Zagreb , November 6 , 1888 ) was a Croatian philosopher , university professor and a rector .
Leon Weinmann ( /lee - ən wáynmən/ born September 15 , 1972 in Hartford , Connecticut ) is an American poet and scholar .
John Troup Shewmake ( January 23 , 1828 -- December 1 , 1898 ) was a lawyer and Confederate politician during the American Civil War .
Spencer Martin is an Australian championship winning racing driver .
Iambulus ( Ancient Greek : Ἰάμβουλος , Iamboulos ) was an ancient Greek merchant and the likely author of a Utopian novel about the strange forms and figures of the inhabitants of the `` Islands of the Sun '' .
Ellen ten Damme ( born October 7 , 1967 ) is a Dutch actress , performer , singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Karan Wahi ( born 9 June 1986 ) is an Indian former cricketer , who turned actor , model and host .
Thekra Mohammed Abdullah ed Dali ( Tunisian Arabic : ذكرى محمد عبدالله الدالي‎‎ ; September 16 , 1966 -- November 28 , 2003 ) , better known as Thekra ( Tunisian Arabic : ذكرى‎ also spelled Thikra , Zekra or Zikra ) was a Tunisian singer .
Margaret Frazer , born Gail Lynn Brown ( November 26 , 1946 -- February 4 , 2013 ) , was an American historical novelist , best known for more than twenty historical mystery novels and a variety of short stories .
Steve Richard Harris ( born December 3 , 1970 ) is a television actor , notable for replacing Brandon Routh ( later of Superman Returns ) as the second Seth Anderson on One Life to Live .
Charles Deering ( 1852 - -1927 ) was an American businessman , art collector , and philanthropist .
Manish Arora ( Hindi:मनीष अरोरा ) ( Punjabi : ਮਨੀਸ਼ ਅਰੋੜਾ ) is an Indian fashion designer based in New Delhi .
Gerard McSorley ( born 1950 ) is an Irish theatre , television and film actor .
Adnan Haroon ( Urdu : عدنان ہارون‎ ) is a Pakistani drama director , editor and screenwriter .
Felipe Arantes ( born February 9 , 1988 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist , who currently competes in the featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
José E. Romero ( born March 3 , 1897 ) was a politician in the Philippines .
Cesarina Ricci de Tingoli ( born ca . 1573 ) was an Italian composer .
Sanjay Chhel is an Indian film director , writer and lyricist .
Fay Wolf ( born August 21 , 1978 ) is an American actress , singer , songwriter , pianist , and professional organizer .
Lewis Cass Ledyard ( April 4 , 1851 -- January 27 , 1932 ) was a New York City lawyer , a name partner at the firm Carter Ledyard & Milburn , personal counsel to J.P. Morgan , and a president of the New York City Bar Association .
Rebecca Rasmussen is an American educator and novelist .
Stanley G. Love , Ph.D. ( born June 8 , 1965 ) is an American scientist and a NASA astronaut .
Chris Spearman is a Canadian politician , who was elected mayor of Lethbridge , Alberta in the 2013 municipal election on October 21 , 2013 .
Shim Hyung - rae ( Hangul : 심형래 ; born January 3 , 1958 ) is a South Korean former - comedian and filmmaker best known for directing the 1999 re - make of Yonggary ( Hangul : 용가리 ) and D - War ( Hangul : 디-워 ) , by far the most expensive Korean movie in history .
Zaa Nkweta is a Cameroonian - Canadian journalist , actor and television presenter born in the United Kingdom and raised in Canada .
Eoin Ó Gnímh , Irish poet and manuscript collector , fl .
Mark Whiteley is a British vascular surgeon .
Sorin Coliban ( born in Bucharest ) is a Romanian opera singer with an international career .
John D. Raffaelli is an American lobbyist born in Texarkana , Texas .
François Évanturel ( October 22 , 1821 -- March 12 , 1891 ) was a Quebec lawyer , journalist and political figure .
Robert C. Morgan ( born 1943 ) is an American art critic , art historian , curator , poet , and painter .
Livingston Taylor ( born November 21 , 1950 ) is an American singer - songwriter , born in Boston , Massachusetts , and raised in Chapel Hill , North Carolina .
Mark Anthony Morales ( born February 19 , 1968 ) , better known by the stage name Prince Markie Dee , is an American rapper , songwriter , producer , and radio personality of Puerto Rican descent .
Rich Funke ( born January 30 , 1949 ) is an American journalist and politician who is currently the state senator for the 55th district of New York .
Richard LaGravenese ( born October 30 , 1959 ) is an American screenwriter and film director , best known as the writer of The Fisher King .
Robert Russell Bennett ( June 15 , 1894 -- August 18 , 1981 ) was an American composer and arranger , best known for his orchestration of many well - known Broadway and Hollywood musicals by other composers such as Irving Berlin , George Gershwin , Jerome Kern , Cole Porter , and Richard Rodgers .
Neil R. McMillen is an American historian , and professor emeritus at University of Southern Mississippi .
Jorge Lucas is an Uruguayan / Argentinan comic book artist and penciller .
Francisco de Amberes , a painter of Toledo , the cathedral of which he ornamented with his pictures in 1502 .
Mary Battersby or Miss Battersby ( fl . 1801 - -1841 ) was an Irish artist and naturalist .
Adalgisa Inés Rooney , better known by her stage name Deevani , is a reggaeton singer from Dominican Republic and raised in Puerto Rico .
Zintis Ekmanis ( sometimes shown as Sintis Ekmanis , born May 17 , 1958 ) is a former Latvian bobsledder who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s .
Jörg Widmann ( born 19 June 1973 ) is a German composer and clarinetist .
Robert James Moon ( February 14 , 1911 -- November 1 , 1989 ) was an American physicist , chemist and engineer .
Nate Barlow ( born Nathanael Jackson Barlow on July 6 , 1975 ) is an American film director , actor , screenwriter and producer .
Mike Elgan ( born December 3 , 1961 ) is an American journalist , blogger , columnist and podcaster .
Kieron Quirke is an English writer , journalist , musician and theatre critic residing in London .
Oscar Kempthorne ( January 31 , 1919 -- November 15 , 2000 ) was a statistician and geneticist known for his research on randomization - analysis and the design of experiments , which had wide influence on research in agriculture , genetics , and other areas of science .
Jeremiah Riggs ( born December 12 , 1982 ) is an American professional wrestler , and mixed martial artist who competes in the welterweight and middleweight divisions .
Juan Sánchez - Navarro y Peón ( April 24 , 1913 -- February 12 , 2006 ) was a Mexican businessman , lawyer , philosopher , philanthropist , journalist and professor .
Ilse Rosenthal - Schneider ( April 25 , 1891 -- February 6 , 1990 ) was a German - Australian physicist and philosopher .
Gevorg Emin ( Armenian : Գևորգ Էմին , September 30 , 1918 -- June 11 , 1998 ) was an Armenian poet , essayist , and translator .
His son , Charles Correll , Jr. also went on to become an actor and a director .
America Martin is an American painter and sculptor who is represented and collected internationally .
The Painter of Berlin 1686 is a Greek black - figure vase - painter from Athens who was active from about 550 to 530 BC . Like many other Greek vase painters his real name is unknown , but John Beazley named him after his Amphora F 1686 in the Antikensammlung Berlin .
Charles Lang Freer ( February 2 , 1854 -- October 25 , 1919 ) was an American industrialist and art collector , best known for his large collection of Asian and American Art which he donated to the Smithsonian Institution in 1906 .
Alicia Kempner is an American bridge player from Palm Springs , California .
Arman ( November 17 , 1928 -- October 22 , 2005 ) was a French - born American artist .
Sir John Richard Quain ( 1816 - -1876 ) was an Irish barrister and judge in England .
Joan Hess ( born 1949 ) is an American mystery writer , the author of two popular mystery series :
Shaun Monson is an American film director and producer and environmental rights activist .
Julia Boutros ( Arabic : جوليا بطرس‎ ; born April 1 , 1968 ) is a Lebanese singer that rose to stardom in the 1980s with a series of songs like `` Ghabet Shams El Haq '' and `` Wen el malaieen '' .
Mr Qenan Al - Ghamdi ( Arabic : قينان الغامدي ) is a Saudi - Arabian journalist and former editor in chief of Al - Watan ( Arabic : جريدة الوطن السعودية ) , a popular newspaper based in the south of Saudi Arabia .
Claire Leka is a television presenter and journalist , specializing in business & finance .
Alexandro Marie Antoin Fridzeri or Frixer ( born Verona January 16 , 1741 , died Antwerp 1825 ) was the most renowned of mandolin virtuosi , a clever violinist , organist , and a composer whose works met with popular favor .
David ben Yom Tov , also David Bonjorn del Barri , was a Catalan Jewish astronomer and astrologer who lived in the first half of the fourteenth century .
Colton James ( born February 22 , 1988 ) is an American actor , best known for his appearance in The Lost World :
James DeWolf ( March 18 , 1764 -- December 21 , 1837 ) was a slave trader , a privateer during the War of 1812 , and a state and national politician .
Vittorio Belmondo is a former Italian racing driver .
Genevieve Thauvette is an Ottawa - based creative photographer .
Ihsahn ( born October 10 , 1975 as Vegard Sverre Tveitan ) is a Norwegian composer , multi - instrumentalist , and vocalist .
Crahan Denton ( born Arthur Denton , March 20 , 1914 -- December 4 , 1966 ) ( pronunciation : `` kran '' ) was an American stage and television actor .
Velina Hasu Houston , born Velina Avisa Hasu Houston ( on May 5 , 1957 ) , is an award - winning American playwright , essayist , poet , author , editor , and screenwriter .
Gérard Fombrun ( born Port au Prince 1927 - 2015 Port au Prince ) was a Haitian , architect , construction engineer and sculptor .
Zhou Wenju ( Chinese : 周文矩 ) ( fl . 942 - 961 ) , also known as Chou Wen - chu , was a Chinese painter during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period ( 907 - -960 ) .
Luisa Futoransky ( born January 5 , 1939 ) is an Argentine writer , scholar and journalist living in France .
Ron Kauk ( born 1957 ) is an American rock climber , associated with Camp 4 in Yosemite Valley , where he has lived for decades .
William Richards Castle ( March 19 , 1849 -- June 5 , 1935 ) was a Hawaiian lawyer and politician in the Kingdom of Hawaii and Republic of Hawaii .
Frank T. Caprio ( born May 10 , 1966 ) is an American politician and banker from Rhode Island .
Alexander Miller Harvey ( November 24 , 1867 in Richmond , Kentucky -- March 9 , 1928 in Topeka , Kansas ) was a Kansas lawyer , politician , and author .
Francis M. McDaniel , Jr. ( born March 25 , 1923 ) was an American politician in the state of South Dakota .
Dr. M. Perry Gomez ( born January 18 , 1947 ) is a Bahamian politician , currently serving as Minister of Health and as member for North Andros & Berry Islands in the House of Assembly of the Bahamas .
The generic name was coined by Szwedo in reference to the The Adventures of Asterix character Ordralfabetix , the village fishmonger .
Yusiel Nápoles Marcillan ( born November 19 , 1983 ) is a Cuban amateur boxer best known to win the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games at light heavyweight .
T.C. Elliott ( date of birth and death unknown ) was an English cricketer .
Robert C. Harvey ( born 1937 ) , popularly known as R. C. Harvey , is an author , critic and cartoonist .
S. P. Hosimin ( born 14th April 1976 ) is commonly known by his screen name , S.P. Hosimin is an Indian film director , Screen Writer who predominantly works in Tamil cinema .
Suneel Darshan is an Indian filmmaker , film director , producer and writer who works in the Bollywood industry .
Heri Dono is an Indonesian visual artist as artist painter , sculptor , and installation artist .
Richard Rober ( May 14 , 1910 -- May 26 , 1952 ) was an American film actor known for his rugged roles in films .
Apollodorus of Athens ( Greek : Ἀπολλόδωρος ὁ Ἀθηναῖος ; c. 180 BC -- after 120 BC ) son of Asclepiades , was a Greek scholar , historian and grammarian .
Annette Broadrick ( born November 26 , 1938 ) is an American writer of over 55 romance novels since 1984 .
Ostis Otto Moore ( May 4 , 1896 -- December 10 , 1990 ) was an American lawyer , author and political figure who served as a judge and Chief Justice of the Colorado Supreme Court from 1948 until his retirement in 1969 .
Angela Hill ( born March 28 , 1949 ) has been a journalist since 1972 .
Rachel Bluwstein Sela ( September 20 ( Julian calendar ) , 1890 -- April 16 , 1931 ) was a Hebrew - language poet who immigrated to Palestine in 1909 .
Robin Morgan ( born January 29 , 1941 ) is an American poet , author , political theorist and activist , journalist , lecturer , and former child actor .
Anne Marden ( born June 12 , 1958 ) is a rower from the United States .
Tan Sri Lee Lam Thye ( Chinese : 李霖泰 ; pinyin : Lǐ Lín Tài ) is a Malaysian politician and a social activist who is a former leader of the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Wajid Shamsul Hasan is a Pakistani diplomat .
Randy Napoleon ( born 30 May 1978 ) is an American jazz guitarist , composer , and arranger who is a member of The Freddy Cole Quartet and the leader of a sextet , a quartet and a trio .
Ali Sheikh Abdullahi ( Somali : Cali Sheekh Cabdulaahi , Arabic : علي الشيخ عبد الله‎ ) is a Somali diplomat .
Lin Cheng - sheng ( Chinese : 林正盛 ; pinyin : Lin Zheng Sheng ) ( born March 31 , 1959 ) is a Taiwanese film director .
Cristiano Souza ( born August 2 , 1982 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently competes for the Bellator Fighting Championships in the Welterweight Division .
Andrés Montañez ( born May 7 , 1942 ) , better known as Andy Montañez , is a salsa singer from Puerto Rico .
John E. Sunder ( 1928 - 2011 ) ( a.k.a . Jack Sunder ) was an American historian and birdwatcher .
Josep Call is a Spanish comparative psychologist specializing in primate cognition .
Donald Lees Reid BA ( Hons ) FSA Scot is a Scottish author .
Wes MacAleer is a former Canadian politician , who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1996 to 2007 .
Nicholas Mele is an actor who has starred in many movies and on television .
Nathan Weiss ( May 8 , 1851 -- September 13 , 1883 ) was an Austrian physician and neurologist born in Gross - Meseritsch ( today known as Velké Meziříčí , Czech Republic ) .
David Atwood ( December 15 , 1815 -- December 11 , 1889 ) was a nineteenth - century politician , publisher , editor and printer from Wisconsin .
Marshal Manengkei is a Dutch - Indonesian producer , songwriter , composer and lyricist .
Chris Vanocur is an American television journalist for WSYX / WTTE in Columbus , Ohio .
Mary Jane Katzmann ( Mrs. William Lawson ) ( January 15 , 1828 -- March 23 , 1890 ) was a Canadian editor , historian , and poet .
Sytia Messer is an American college basketball coach and the current assistant coach / recruiting coordinator at Baylor University in Waco , Texas .
Shyam Ganesh is an Indian film actor who appears in Tamil films and television serials .
Vladimir Saruhanyan ( Armenian : Վլադիմիր Սարուխանյան ) is an Armenian amateur boxer .
Ablaye Cissoko is a Senegalese musician , singer and composer , who plays the kora .
Humbert Achamer - Pifrader ( November 21 , 1900 in Teplitz - Schönau , Bohemia -- April 25 , 1945 in Linz ) was an Austrian jurist , SS - Oberführer and commander of Einsatzgruppe A from September 1942 to September 1943 .
Ben - Ami Kadish ( September 2 , 1923 - July 16 , 2012 ) was a former U.S. Army mechanical engineer .
Eleanor Raymond ( 1887 -- 1989 ) was an American architect with a professional career of some sixty years of practice , mainly in residential housing .
Shu Kei ( Chinese : 舒琪 ; pinyin : Shū Qí ) or Kenneth Ip is a Hong Kong film director and screenwriter active during the 1980s and 90s .
Harvey Oren Banks ( March 29 , 1910 -- September 22 , 1996 ) was an American civil engineer who was appointed State Engineer of California in 1955 and the first Director of the California Department of Water Resources ( DWR ) in 1956 .
Robert R. Lawson ( c. 1872 -- November 24 , 1934 ) was an American newspaper editor , lawyer and politician from New York .
Ancher Nelsen ( October 11 , 1904 -- November 30 , 1992 ) , was a politician who served as the 34th Lieutenant Governor of the state of Minnesota and an eight - term congressman .
Samuel Gargan ( born February 19 , 1948 ) is a former long serving politician and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories .
Lisa Genova ( born November 22 , 1970 ) is an American neuroscientist and author .
William Sturt ( christened 22 October 1797 at Fittleworth , Sussex ; date of death unknown ) was an English amateur / professional cricketer .
Girard Desargues worked as an architect from 1645 .
Diane Fingleton is a former Queensland Magistrates Court judge , most notable for being appointed Chief Magistrate and later being convicted of the offence of intimidation of a witness , before the conviction was quashed on appeal to the High Court of Australia .
Yumiko Cheng is a Hong Kong - based Cantopop singer .
Stephen Michael Erickson ( born April 20 , 1950 ) , pen name Steve Erickson , is an American novelist , essayist and critic .
Bessie Breuer ( October 19 , 1893 -- September 26 , 1975 ) was an American journalist , novelist , writer , and playwright .
Martin Albrow ( born 1937 ) is a British sociologist , noted for his works on globalization , the theory of the global age and global civil society .
Dov Frohman ( Hebrew : דב פרוהמן , also known as Dov Frohman - Bentchkowsky ; born March 28 , 1939 ) is an Israeli electrical engineer and business executive .
L. N. Shastri ( also credited as Chaitanya ) is an Indian playback singer and music composer who primarily works in Kannada cinema .
John D. Freyer is an American artist who teaches at Virginia Commonwealth University .
Maggie Shnayerson ( born Margot Beahan Shnayerson June 20 , 1981 in New York , NY ) is an American journalist and blogger .
Ricou Browning ( born November 23 , 1930 ) is an American film director , actor , producer , screenwriter , underwater cinematographer and stuntman .
N. Chaluvaraya Swamy is an Indian politician and member of 15th Lok Sabha from Mandya constituency .
Florence Dreyfous ( October 25 , 1868 -- September 11 , 1950 ) American painter , born in New York City where she studied with Robert Henri .
Martin Bayerstorfer ( born May 8 , 1966 ) is a German politician , representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria . He was elected in 2002 to represent Landkreis Erding .
Brett Detar is an American singer , songwriter , film composer , and music producer .
Erwin Wilhelm Müller ( or Mueller ) ( June 13 , 1911 -- May 17 , 1977 ) was a German physicist who invented the Field Emission Electron Microscope ( FEEM ) , the Field Ion Microscope ( FIM ) , and the Atom - Probe Field Ion Microscope .
Kimberly Brewer is an American singer and background singer .
Harlan Hogan ( born September 30 , 1946 ) is a voice actor and author .
Abraham Wildey Robarts ( 1779 - 1858 ) , of Hill Street , Berkeley Square , Middlesex , was a politician .
Gabriella Campadelli - Fiume is a virologist with a primary research focus on herpes simplex virus , fusion and viral entry .
Michael A. Fox is a Republican politician from Fairfield Township , Butler County , Ohio .
Predrag Jokić ( born February 3 , 1983 in Kotor ) is a Montenegrin 1.90 m tall water polo player .
Arthur P. Jacobs ( March 7 , 1922 -- June 27 , 1973 ) was a press agent turned film producer responsible for such films in the 1960s and 1970s as the Planet of the Apes series , Doctor Dolittle , Goodbye , Mr. Chips , Play It Again , Sam and Tom Sawyer through his company APJAC Productions .
Anna Tunnicliffe ( born October 17 , 1982 ) is an American sailor and CrossFit competitor .
Alexandru Djuvara ( Romanian pronunciation : ( alekˈsandru d͡ʒjuˈvara ) ; December 20 , 1858 -- February 1 , 1913 ) was a Romanian writer , journalist and politician .
Roberto Angleró Pepín ( born September 12 , 1929 ) is a Puerto Rican music composer and singer , notable for writing various hit songs in the bolero , salsa and Afro - Puerto Rican music genres .
Jamie Howarth is an American television and film composer and musical director .
Waleed Khaled was a journalist working for Reuters news agency .
Neeshan Prabhoo , also known as `` The Hitman '' or `` D'Hitman '' is a chutney musician .
Ewing Matheson ( 1840 - December 7 , 1917 ) was a British civil engineer , consulting engineer , managing director of the Farnley Iron Company , and author , known for his early works on factory management and cost accounting .
Mohammad Hassan Zolfaghari ( well known as Amoo Hassan ) was an Iranian professional basketball player ( 1967 - -1971 ) and Iran Head coach ( 1981 ) .
Alphonse Georger was ordained priest Catholic priest on 29 June 1965 in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Algiers .
Maury Muehleisen ( January 14 , 1949 -- September 20 , 1973 ) was an American - born musician , songwriter , and artist best known for his studio work , live accompaniment , and impact on the music of Jim Croce .
Hakim Adi is a British historian and scholar who specializes in African affairs .
Robin Platts ( born c. 1949 in Leicester , England ) is a Canadian thoroughbred horse racing Hall of Fame jockey .
Pier Gonella ( born Pierangelo Gonella ) is an Italian guitarist and founding member of the heavy metal band Mastercastle and the thrash metal band Necrodeath .
The early development of Caziel as a painter took place in Warsaw amongst artists greatly influenced by the School of Paris .
Hugh Edgar is an English architect who worked on several archival projects in the United Kingdom and as a consultant around the world .
Manuel DeLanda ( born 1952 ) , is a Mexican - American writer , artist and philosopher who has lived in New York since 1975 .
John Hendley Barnhart ( October 4 , 1871 -- November 11 , 1949 ) was an American botanist and author , specializing in biographies of botanists .
Tata Simonyan ( Armenian : Թաթա Սիմոնյան , born October 08 , 1962 ) is an Armenian pop singer widely known by the Armenian diaspora .
Taylor Caby ( born August 20 , 1983 ) is an American poker player and entrepreneur .
José Agustín Quintero ( May 6 , 1829 -- September 7 , 1885 ) was , among other things , a journalist , diplomat , lawyer , poet , translator , and revolutionary .
Francis Lovett Carter - Cotton ( October 11 , 1843 -- November 20 , 1919 ) was a Canadian newspaperman , politician , and businessman .
With film director and actor Daniel Steiner Nic Romm shot a music video for the German musician and singer Namosh .
Gerald Gahima is a judge with the War Crimes Chamber of the Court of Bosnia - Herzegovina and a leading figure in the Rwanda National Congress , a political group established in 2010 that represents the exiled opposition to the government of Rwandan President Paul Kagame .
Georgios Karayiannis was an officer of the Greek Army .
Myron Noodleman is the stage name of Rick Hader , an American clown best known for his appearances at minor league baseball games and other public events .
Dapo Torimiro is a multi - platinum songwriter , record producer , multi - instrumentalist and singer .
Wayna ( known by the real name Woyneab Miraf Wondwossen ) is an Ethiopian - born American R&B singer .
Daniel Weichel ( born November 22 , 1984 ) is a German mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator 's Featherweight division .
Andrew Dickson White ( November 7 , 1832 -- November 4 , 1918 ) was an American historian and educator , who was the co - founder of Cornell University and served as its first president for nearly two decades .
Monica Loughman is an Irish ballet dancer , writer , and television personality .
Nicolae Tonitza ( Romanian pronunciation : ( nikoˈla.e toˈnit͡sa ) ; April 13 , 1886 -- February 27 , 1940 ) was a Romanian painter , engraver , lithographer , journalist and art critic .
Eric Fenson ( born May 6 , 1971 in Bemidji , Minnesota ) is an American curler .
Mary Ellen Mark ( March 20 , 1940 -- May 25 , 2015 ) was an American photographer known for her photojournalism / documentary photography , portraiture , and advertising photography .
Robert C. Bruce , Jr. ( October 6 , 1914 -- August 24 , 2003 ) was an American voice actor , and the son of Robert C. Bruce ( 1887 - -1948 ) who was a cinematographer and documentary producer .
Alcher of Clairvaux was a twelfth - century Cistercian monk of Clairvaux Abbey .
Rex Ziak ( pronounced `` zeek '' ) is a writer , historian , tour guide , and documentarian , who lives in Naselle , Washington , USA .
John Bechtold is a Republican Ohio politician who served in the Ohio General Assembly .
Abram Colby was an American slave and politician who served in the Georgia House of Representatives during the Reconstruction era .
Tom Carvel ( born Athanasios Karvelas ; July 14 , 1906 -- October 21 , 1990 ) was a Greek - born American businessman and entrepreneur known for the invention and promotion of soft ice cream in the northeastern United States .
Nikita Aria Palekar also known as Supriya , is a TV presenter , model , actress , Veejay , western jazz , ballet and contemporary dancer and an Indian classical dancer .
Olga Dorfner ( May 30 , 1898 in Philadelphia -- May 7 , 1983 ) was an American competitive swimmer .
Achyuth Kumar ( Kannada : ಅಚ್ಯುತ್ ಕುಮಾರ್ ) is an Indian actor who predominantly works in Kannada cinema .
Marie Mariterangi ( sometimes spelled Marie Mariteragi ) was a Tahitian singer .
Lane Toran ( born Lane Toran Caudell born October 15 , 1982 ) , also known as Toran Caudell , is an actor , voice actor and musician from the United States .
Ardyce Bohlke ( November 2 , 1943 -- February 19 , 2013 ) was an American educator and politician .
Frank Henderson Mayfield ( June 23 , 1908 -- January 2 , 1991 ) , was an American neurosurgeon and founder of the Mayfield Clinic and Spine Institute in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Stefanos Tassopoulos ( Greek : Στέφανος Τασσόπουλος ) ( born 1939 in Volos ) is a Greek novelist , playwright and poet .
Jimmy Vivino ( born January 10 , 1955 ) is an American guitarist , keyboard player , singer , producer , and music director .
Mike Elmore ( born May 22 , 1968 , Vinita , Oklahoma ) , also credited as Wavy Davie Michaels throughout most of his radio career , is an American voice actor who has provided the voice for hundreds of companies including many national clients .
Malvina Hoffman ( June 15 , 1885 , sometimes given as 1887 -- July 10 , 1966 ) , was an American sculptor and author , well known for her life - size bronze sculptures of people .
Gail Collins ( born November 25 , 1945 ) is an American journalist , op - ed columnist and author , most recognized for her work with the New York Times .
Dan Gregory was an American pianist and bandleader , mainly working in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , from the 1920s through the 1940s .
Shubham Jaglan ( born 16 August 2004 ) is an Indian amateur golfer who won the Junior World Golf Championships in 2015 .
Aziz Hamid Madni ( Urdu : عزیز حامد مدنی ) , ( June 15 , 1922 , Raipur - April 23 , 1991 , Karachi ) was an Urdu poet , critic , linguist and researcher from Pakistan who made a long - lasting impact on Urdu literature .
Kevin Johio Lucas Rehn Eires ( born 12 July 1995 ) , better known by his stage name Yohio ( stylized in upper - case as YOHIO ) , is a Swedish singer and songwriter .
Blanca Rosa Vilchez is a Hispanic journalist in the United States .
Ilie Ceaușescu was also a historian , and he influenced Nicolae in establishing Protochronism as Romania 's official historiography and an important part of the national propaganda system .
Sasha ( Alexandra ) Soreff , a New York City choreographer - dancer , is the Creative Director of the Sasha Soreff Dance Theater and a member of the Dance New Amsterdam faculty where she teaches modern dance .
Remaclus became a monk in 625 and was then ordained a priest .
Professor Yang Fujia ( Chinese:杨福家 Pinyin : Yáng Fújiā ) ( b. June 1936 ) is an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , a renowned nuclear physicist and former Chancellor of the University of Nottingham , England .
Jorge Aliaga Cacho , is a writer and sociologist born in Lima , Peru .
Mildred Joanne Smith ( May 16 , 1921 -- July 19 , 2015 ) was an American actress , singer , magazine editor and teacher .
Viola Frey ( August 15 , 1933 -- July 26 , 2004 ) was an American artist working in sculpture , painting and drawing , and professor emerita at California College of the Arts .
Jan Sehn ( April 22 , 1909 -- December 12 , 1965 ) , was a Polish lawyer , 1945 - 47 investigation judge , and professor at Jagiellonian University since 1961 .
Behexhed Hydi was an Albanian politician and mayor of Elbasan from 1925 through 1928 .
Jesus ' neighbors in Nazareth refer to him as `` the carpenter , the son of Mary and brother of James and Joses and Judas and Simon '' ( Mark 6:3 ) , `` the carpenter 's son '' ( Matthew 13:55 ) , or `` Joseph 's son '' ( Luke 4:22 ) .
Saluri Koteswara Rao ( also known as Koti ) is an Indian composer notable for his work in the South Indian film industry .
J. Douglas McCullough is an American lawyer and judge of the North Carolina Court of Appeals .
Wilfred Feinberg ( June 22 , 1920 -- July 31 , 2014 ) was a United States federal judge , who served on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Albert Redhead is a Grenadian lawyer and judge who has worked in many of the Commonwealth countries of the Caribbean .
Norman Wexler ( August 6 , 1926 -- August 23 , 1999 ) was a screenwriter whose work included such films as Saturday Night Fever , Serpico and Joe , for which he received an Oscar nomination in 1971 .
Colin Beavan ( born 1963 ) is an American non - fiction writer and internet blogger noted for recording the attempts of his family to live a `` zero impact '' lifestyle in New York City for one year .
Ivar Bjørnson ( born November 27 , 1977 ) is a Norwegian composer / guitarist for the progressive black / viking metal band Enslaved .
Alexandre Kafka ( January 25 , 1917 -- November 28 , 2007 ) was an international economist mainly known for his work as an Executive Director in the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
Delbar Jan Arman , also Dilbar Jan Arman Shinwari ( Pashto : دلبر جان ارمان شینواری‎ ) is a politician from Jaji Maidan district of Khost , Afghanistan .
Louis Turenne ( born November 26 , 1933 ) is a Canadian movie and television actor whose career has spanned over 20 years .
Marçal Aquino ( born 1958 ) is a Brazilian novel writer , screenwriter and journalist .
Sleepy LaBeef is the stage name of Thomas Paulsley LaBeff ( born July 20 , 1935 ) , an American rockabilly musician .
Víctor Rolando Arroyo Carmona is a Cuban geographer and journalist who was imprisoned on March 18 , 2003 and sentenced to 26 years in prison , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists .
Grigorii Nikolayevich Vyrubov , or Grégoire Wyrouboff ( 1843 - 1913 ) was a Russian Positivist philosopher and historian of science .
As a graphic designer , Mear One has designed apparel for Conart , Kaotic , as well as his own Reform brand .
Antonio Millo , also mentioned as Antonio da Millo or Antonio Milo , active during 1557 - -1590 , was captain and cartographer with significant work in map making , isolarios and portolan charts .
Walter Burckhardt ( March 2 , 1905 -- October 29 , 1971 ) was a Swiss dermatologist most notable for his contributions on occupational dermatoses .
Lori Dennis ( born August 14 , 1969 ) is an interior designer , environmentalist , entrepreneur , television and radio guest expert , best selling author and lecturer .
Giuseppe Lavini ( 1857 - 1928 ) was an Italian painter and art critic .
Jim Hautman is an American painter , residing in Minnesota .
Henri Feulard ( 1858 - -1897 ) was a leading French dermatologist of the nineteenth century .
Craig Goldy ( born November 6 , 1961 ) is an American guitarist , most notably of the band Dio .
Gandy Brodie ( May 20 , 1924 - October 22 , 1975 ) was an American painter working primarily in New York City and Townshend , Vermont during the middle part of the 20th Century .
Goce Ojleski ( born 10 October 1989 ) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for Romanian Club HC Odorheiu Secuiesc and the Macedonian national team .
Kobi Peretz ( Hebrew : קובי פרץ‎ ; born October 28 , 1975 ) , also known as Koby Perez , is an Israeli singer who sings in the Mizrahi style .
Gabriel Jacques Surenne FSA FASE ( d.1858 ) was a 19th - century French - born military historian living in Scotland who authored numerous publications in the fields of warfare and battle analysis and also in French grammar .
Quintus Pompeius Sosius Falco ( flourished 190s ) was a politician of the Roman Empire , a consul and Roman Senator .
Royal Harbor ( born May 12 , 1975 ) , known by stage name Knoc - turn'al , is a songwriter and rapper .
Jay Thorimbert ( born July 6 , 1986 in Whitby , Ontario ) is a professional Canadian lacrosse player , currently a member of the Kitchener - Waterloo Kodiaks .
Axel Zwingenberger ( born May 7 , 1955 ) is a blues and boogie - woogie pianist , and songwriter .
Aquinas Ryan was a Canadian politician , who was leader of the Prince Edward Island New Democratic Party from 1972 to 1979 .
Michel Majerus ( 1967 -- 2002 ) was a Luxembourgish artist whose work combined painting with digital media .
Hans Wallach ( November 28 , 1904 -- February 5 , 1998 ) was a German - American experimental psychologist whose research focused on perception and learning .
Amanda Drury is an Australian journalist and news anchor for CNBC , hosting finance and business programming from New York .
Jonathan Saxton Campbell Würtele ( January 27 , 1828 -- April 24 , 1904 ) was a Quebec seigneur , lawyer , judge and political figure .
Irving Crane ( November 13 , 1913 -- November 17 , 2001 ) , nicknamed `` the Deacon '' , was an American pool player from Livonia ( near Rochester ) , New York , and ranks among the stellar players in the history of the sport .
Yehuda Barkan ( Hebrew : יהודה ברקן‎ ; born March 29 , 1945 ) is an Israeli actor , film producer , film director and screenwriter .
Arthur Pappas ( born in Sutherland , New South Wales ) was an Australian rugby league player for the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs clubs in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition .
Santosh Saroj is a Bollywood screenwriter and dialogue writer mostly known for films like ' Agneepath','Major Saab ' .
Bent Van Looy ( born 3 May 1976 ) is a Belgian Flemish musician , singer and songwriter .
Jack Canfield ( born August 19 , 1944 ) is an American author , motivational speaker , seminar leader , corporate trainer , and entrepreneur .
Mário Lima is a Brazilian actor and film and television producer .
Lilian Maranet , known as K - Mil or K - Mill is a Puerto Rican reggaetón singer - songwriter and record producer .
Mia Soteriou is a British musician and actress .
Iryna Khokhlova is a Ukrainian - born Argentine modern pentathlete .
Shari Thurer is a psychoanalytically trained psychologist practicing in Boston and an adjunct associate professor at Boston University .
Antipater of Sidon ( Greek : Ἀντίπατρος Antipatros ) or Antipatros Sidonios ( Ἀντίπατρος Σιδώνιος ) in the Anthologies , was an ancient Greek poet in the second half of the 2nd century BC . His poems preserved in the Greek Anthology include evocations of art and literature and some epitaphs .
David Farragut Edwards ( c. 1872 -- December 6 , 1930 ) was an American football player , coach , and lawyer .
Susan Aho ( born March 5 , 1974 ) is a Finnish folk music singer - songwriter and a member of the Värttinä music group .
Piotr Piecuch ( born January 21 , 1960 ) is a Polish - born American physical chemist .
Luis Raúl Martínez Rodríguez ( March 6 , 1962 -- February 2 , 2014 ) , better known as Luis Raúl , was a Puerto Rican actor and comedian .
Jeremy Meadow is a British theatrical producer and director , working mainly in theatre and comedy .
Paul Linke ( born May 6 , 1948 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Officer Arthur `` Artie '' Grossman in CHiPs , a television series about the motorcycle officers of the California Highway Patrol .
Jeffrey Silverthorne is an American photographer mainly known for taking pictures of death and nudity .
Guy Ben - Ari ( born 1984 in Tel Aviv , Israel ) is an Israeli painter currently living and working in New York City .
Emīls Dārziņš ( November 3 , 1875 -- August 31 , 1910 ) was a Latvian composer , conductor and music critic .
Juan Manuel Abras Contel ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈxwan maˈnwel ˈaβɾas ) ; February 1 , 1975 ) is a Swedish - born Argentine classical music composer , conductor and researcher of European descent ( Catalan and Galician on his father 's side and Basque , Italian and French on his mother 's side ) .
Chris Westfall is an American motivational speaker , entrepreneur and author based in Houston , TX , best known as the national elevator pitch champion .
Juan Soler Valls Quiroga ( born January 19 , 1966 ) is an Argentine - Mexican actor and former rugby player and model .
Quintín Babila Paredes ( born Quintín Paredes y Babila ; September 9 , 1884 - January 30 , 1973 ) was a Filipino lawyer , politician , and statesman .
James Bridges ( February 3 , 1936 -- June 6 , 1993 ) was an American screenwriter , film director , producer and actor .
Matthew Broomfield ( fl . 1550 ) , was a Welsh poet .
Aaron Summers ( born 11 August 1977 ) , is a Welsh rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the NRL and the Central Queensland Comets in the Queensland Cup .
William the Englishman ( active from 1174 , died circa 1214 ) was an English architect and stonemason .
Marina Kislova ( Russian : Марина Владимировна Кислова ; born February 7 , 1978 ) is a Russian sprinter .
Barbara Chase - Riboud , ( born Barbara Chase , June 26 , 1939 ) is an internationally acclaimed visual artist , bestselling novelist and award - winning poet .
In 1947 , the hermitage became a monastery and vice - archimandrite Cleopa Ilie became archimandrite on approval of Patriarch Nicodim .
Ricardo Ruiz Pérez ( born June 3 , 1983 ) , better known as Ricky Rick , is a Mexican singer - songwriter , rapper , and former vocalist for the band A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz .
Mara Davi is an actress , singer and dancer who made her Broadway debut as Maggie Winslow in the 2006 revival of A Chorus Line .
Victor Babiuc ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈviktor baˈbjuk ) ; born April 3 , 1938 ) is a Romanian jurist and politician .
Auguste - Siméon Colas ( 1876 - 1968 ) was a member of Paris Foreign Missions Society and the last missionary archbishop of Archdiocese of Pondicherry .
Tony Lepore ( born October 17 , 1947 ) , aka the Dancing Cop , is a retired American police officer who entertained on the streets of Providence , Rhode Island during the December holiday season while directing traffic using a dancing style .
Gordon Ferrie Hull ( October 7 , 1870 Garnet , Ontario , Canada - October 7 , 1956 ) was a Canadian / American teacher , mathematician and physicist , especially known for the experimental detection of the radiation pressure exerted by light which he achieved in 1903 .
Erhard Mayke ( born January 6 , 1896 West Prussia -1962 ) Was a German speed skater and competed at the 1928 Winter Olympics
For us , the concept of a young photographer - a talented young photographer - was synonymous with the name of Rémi Ochlik .
Heidi Baker , PhD ( born August 29 , 1959 ) is a Christian missionary , itinerant speaker , and the CEO of Iris Global , a Christian humanitarian organization .
Christopher Bollas ( born 1943 ) is a British psychoanalyst and writer .
Kevin Lin ( Traditional Chinese:林義傑 , November 19 , 1976 ) is an ultramarathon runner from Taipei , Taiwan .
Alan Tanner ( born October 16 , 1975 ) is a music video and short film director living in Los Angeles , California .
Isser Zalman Meltzer ( 1870 -- November 17 , 1953 ) , was a famous Lithuanian Orthodox rabbi , rosh yeshiva and posek .
Edward Howe Forbush ( April 28 , 1858 -- March 7 , 1929 ) was a noted Massachusetts ornithologist and a prolific writer , best known for his book Birds of New England .
Richard Funk ( born November 22 , 1992 ) is a Canadian breaststroke swimmer .
Mike Milosh , known professionally as Milosh , is a Canadian electronic musician from Toronto , Ontario , who is currently based in Los Angeles , California .
Brendon Small was the co - creator , writer , voice actor , composer and musician for Home Movies , a cartoon initially aired on the UPN television network and then moved to Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim .
Sampson Lort was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 .
Robert Klitzman ( born July 1 , 1958 ) is an American psychiatrist and bioethicist .
William Gargan ( July 17 , 1905 -- February 17 , 1979 ) was an American film , television and radio actor .
Orville James Victor ( October 23 , 1827 in Sandusky , Ohio -- March 14 , 1910 in Ho - Ho - Kus , New Jersey ) was an American theologian , journalist , editor and abolitionist .
Elton L. Daniel , Ph.D. , is a historian and Iranologist .
François Géré , a French historian specializing in geostrategy , is notably the founding president of the French strategic analysis institute , the Institut français d’analyse stratégique ( IFAS ) .
Nanna Øland Fabricius ( born 2 May 1985 ) , better known by her stage name Oh Land , is a Danish singer - songwriter and record producer .
Jean - Fernand Leischen ( born August 21 , 1919 ) is a Luxembourgian fencer who competed in three Summer Olympic Games , competing in the men 's individual and team épée events at each one .
Terry Kinney ( born January 29 , 1954 ) is an American actor and theatre director , and is a founding member of the Steppenwolf Theatre Company , with Gary Sinise and Jeff Perry .
Albert Popwell ( July 15 , 1926 -- April 9 , 1999 ) was an African American stage , television and film actor with a career spanning six decades .
Sergio Abreu Bonilla ( Montevideo , November 12 , 1945 ) is a Uruguayan lawyer , diplomat , politician , and professor of International Law .
Saulius Mykolaitis ( January 15 , 1966 -- February 18 , 2006 ) was a Lithuanian director , actor , and singer - songwriter ( bard ) .
Vikram Sheel Kumar is an American engineer , doctor , and entrepreneur .
Filippos Sachinidis ( Greek : Φίλιππος Σαχινίδης ; born March 27 , 1963 ) is a Greek politician of the Movement of Democratic Socialists .
Cédric Pescia ( born 1976 ) is an award - winning pianist .
Kjell Magne Bondevik is the nephew of politician Kjell Bondevik , the cousin of former bishop Odd Bondevik and brother in law of author and priest Eyvind Skeie .
Arsen Klinchaev ( Ukrainian : Арсен Степанович Клінчаєв , born on December 5 , 1968 , Luhansk , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian politician , member of the Party of Regions , veteran of the war at Nagorny - Karabakh .
Nikolay Polukhin ( born July 7 , 1982 ) is a Russian cross - country skier , biathlete and Paralympic Champion .
Joseph Simon ( February 7 , 1851 -- February 14 , 1935 ) was a German - born politician and attorney in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Justin Russo ( born June 30 , 1976 ) is a singer - songwriter - guitarist - pianist from Upstate New York .
Chaturon Chaisang or Chaisaeng ( Thai : จาตุรนต์ ฉายแสง , Thai pronunciation : ( t͡ɕaːtùʔron t͡ɕʰǎːjsɛ̌ŋ ) , born January 1 , 1956 ) is a Thai politician .
J. Davy Kirkpatrick is an American astronomer at the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , California .
Randy Kamp ( born August 30 , 1953 ) is a Canadian politician based in British Columbia .
Edward Lazarus ( born September 9 , 1959 ) is a lawyer and writer .
Jody Diamond ( born Pasadena , California , April 23 , 1953 ) is an American composer , performer , writer , publisher , editor , and educator .
Kelley Aitken is a Canadian writer , visual artist , and art instructor .
Franco of Cologne ( fl . mid-13th century ) was a German music theorist and possibly a composer .
Wang Lap Tat ( June 29 , 1939 -- November 2 , 2002 ) , better known by his stage name Lo Lieh , was an Indonesian - born Hong Kong actor .
Juraj Andrassy ( 1896 - -1977 ) was a Croatian jurist who brought international recognition to Yugoslav studies of international law .
Vikram Prabhu is an Indian film actor working in Tamil language films who made his debut in Prabhu Solomon 's Kumki ( 2012 ) .
Ambassador Robert T. Grey , Jr. , is an American diplomat involved in security and arms control .
Jonathan ben Joseph was a Lithuanian rabbi and astronomer who lived in Risenoi , Grodno in the late 17th century and early 18th century .
Gabriela Potorac ( born February 6 , 1973 ) is a Romanian former artistic gymnast .
Valery Engel ( born June 19 , 1961 ) is a Russian Jewish historian and public figure .
Bernart Sicart de Maruèjols ( fl . 1230 ) was a Languedocian troubadour from Marvejols in Lozère .
Ahmad Javad ( Azerbaijani : Əhməd Cavad ; May 5 , 1892 -- October 13 , 1937 ) was an Azerbaijani poet .
Ghassan Massoud ( Arabic : غسّان مسعود‎ ; born September 20 , 1958 ) is a Syrian actor and filmmaker .
Valentin de Vargas ( born Albert Charles Schubert ; April 27 , 1935 -- June 10 , 2013 ) was an actor , who is probably best known for menacing Janet Leigh in Touch of Evil and playing Louis Francisco Garcia Lopez in Hatari!.
André Cassagnes ( September 23 , 1926 -- January 16 , 2013 ) was a French inventor , electrical technician , toymaker , and kite designer .
LaDell Andersen ( born October 25 , 1929 ) is a former professional and collegiate basketball coach .
Douglas Christopher Judge ( born October 13 , 1964 ) is an American actor best known for playing Teal'c in the Canadian - American military science fiction television series Stargate SG-1 .
Mitchell Altieri is an American film director , producer and writer .
Bob Gaddy ( February 4 , 1924 -- July 24 , 1997 ) was an American East Coast blues and rhythm and blues pianist , singer and songwriter .
Originally a pretty and naïve girl , Fantine is eventually forced by circumstances to become a prostitute , selling her hair and front teeth , losing her beauty and health .
William Wister Haines ( September 17 , 1908 -- November 18 , 1989 ) was an American author , screenwriter , and playwright .
Kalasala Babu is an Indian actor who has performed on stage , and in television serials and films .
Ri Byong - uk ( born November 7 , 1954 ) is a retired North Korean boxer , who won two Olympic medals in the men 's Light Flyweight ( 48 kg ) category .
Justice Datuk K.P. Gengadharan Nair is a Malaysian High Court judge and prior to that a prominent lawyer specialising in industrial law .
Steven S. DeKnight is an American television screenwriter , producer , and director .
Gabriel Kelly is a former Gaelic football player for Cavan .
David G. Dalin , an American Conservative rabbi and historian , is the author , co - author , or editor of ten books on American Jewish history and politics , and Jewish - Christian relations .
John Campbell Merriam ( October 20 , 1869 -- October 30 , 1945 ) was an American paleontologist , educator , and conservationist .
Ilyas Malayev ( January 12 , 1936 -- May 2 , 2008 ) ( Russian : Ильяс Малаев , Uzbek : Илёс Маллаев ) was an Uzbekistani musician and poet .
Nathaniel D. Mann was an American composer best known for his work with L. Frank Baum .
Hallie Erminie Rives ( May 2 , 1874 -- August 16 , 1956 ) was a best - selling popular novelist and wife of the American diplomat Post Wheeler .
Rimi B. Chatterjee is an author based in Kolkata , India .
Dimitri Coats is an American musician , songwriter , producer , and actor .
Larry Elgart ( born March 20 , 1922 ) is an American jazz bandleader , who with his brother , Les , recorded the original rendition of `` Bandstand Boogie '' , theme to the long - running teen dance show , American Bandstand .
Ieuan Gethin ap Ieuan ap Lleision ( fl . c. 1450 ) was a Welsh language poet , of Baglan , Glamorgan .
Piers Vitebsky is an anthropologist and is the Head of Social Science at the Scott Polar Research Institute , University of Cambridge , England .
Dr. Adil Athanasio Surrur is a South Sudanese scientist and politician .
Curtis Piehau Iaukea III ( September 15 , 1937 -- December 4 , 2010 ) was a professional wrestler better known as King Curtis Iaukea .
DeWayne Jessie ( a.k.a . `` Otis Washington '' and `` Otis Day '' ) ( born September 21 , 1951 ) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of Otis Day in National Lampoon 's Animal House .
Anna Rosevear is a producer and director of television documentaries , a journalist , and a writer .
Don Manuel Carrillo Iturriaga was a philanthropist and Mexican politician .
Ramon Del Barrio ( born Ramon G. del Barrio , May 9 , 1964 in New York ) is an American performer , choreographer , dancer and singer .
Richard Wesley ( born July 11 , 1945 ) is an African - American playwright , and screenwriter for television and cinema .
Adrian Mainella is a Canadian fashion journalist and television personality .
Fyodor Gavrilov was a Russian painter active in the second half of the eighteenth century .
Charles Neill ( March 11 , 1914 - September 28 , 2002 ) was the first neurosurgeon in the state of Mississippi .
Jorge Salvador Lara ( September 4 , 1926 -- February 8 , 2012 ) was an Ecuadorian politician diplomat , columnist , writer , and historian .
Zemarchus ( Greek : Ζήμαρχος , fl . c. 568 ) was a Byzantine official , diplomat and traveller in the reign of Justin II .
Irving García ( born February 20 , 1989 ) is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the Nephew of former IBF Super Featherweight Champion boxer Roberto Garcia Cortez .
Rabbi Avrohom Katz is an Orthodox rabbi , scientist , writer , lecturer , author and educator .
Ruben Cotelo ( October 31 , 1930 - September 24 , 2006 ) was an Uruguayan writer , journalist , and literary critic , known for his acute reviews on literature and cinema .
John Jenner ( dates unknown ) was an English amateur cricketer .
María del Carmen Ramírez García is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) who served in the upper house of the Mexican Congress during the LVIII and LIX Legislatures .
Malcolm - Jamal Warner ( born August 18 , 1970 ) is an American actor , director , and musician .
Roberto Gari ( February 13 , 1920 -- January 22 , 2008 ) was an American artist and actor .
Daniel Hugunin , Jr. ( February 6 , 1790 Oswego , then in Montgomery County , New York -- June 20 , 1850 Kenosha , Kenosha County , Wisconsin ) was an American politician from New York and the Wisconsin Territory .
Andy Afford was editor of All Out Cricket between 2002 and 2011 , nominated as one of the British Society of Magazine Editors ( BSME ) sports editors of the year in 2011 .
Jessie Ackermann ( July 4 , 1857 -- March 31 , 1951 ) was a social reformer , feminist , journalist , writer and traveller .
Emmanuelle Vo - Dinh is a choreographer and director of Le Phare , Centre Chorégraphique National du Havre Haute - Normandie .
Gnaeus Fulvius Maximus Centumalus ( c. 340 BC -- c. 260 BC ) was a military commander and politician from the middle period of the Roman Republic , who became Consul in 298 BC . He was also appointed Dictator in 263 BC .
John G. Lenic ( born October 11 , 1974 in New Westminster , British Columbia ) is a Canadian television producer and production manager .
Joseph Gregory Percy Irausquin ( June 26 , 1969 -- August 14 , 2008 ) was an Aruban - born Dutch fashion designer and couturier based in Amsterdam .
Donny Scott , better known by his stage name Donny Goines , is a rapper from New York City .
Dan Pagis ( October 16 , 1930 -- July 29 , 1986 ) was an Israeli poet , lecturer and Holocaust survivor .
Alice Ambrose Lazerowitz ( November 25 , 1906 -- January 25 , 2001 ) was an American philosopher , logician , and author .
Moteane Melamu is a writer and academic from Botswana .
Dann Cahn ( April 9 , 1923 -- November 21 , 2012 ) was an American film editor who received the Career Achievement Award from the American Cinema Editors ( ACE ) .
Alain Godard is a screenwriter and film producer best known for such films as The Name of the Rose , Two Brothers , Enemy at the Gates , Day of the Falcon , Wolf Totem and Dracula and Son .
Antônio Pedro de Siqueira Indio da Costa ( aka Indio da Costa ) ( born October 20 , 1970 ) is a Brazilian lawyer and politician in the Brazilian Democrats Party ( DEM ) .
James Garson is an American philosopher and logician .
Richard Kyrke Penson or R. K. Penson ( 1815 - -85 ) was a Welsh architect and artist .
Eric Wagner ( born April 24 , 1959 ) is an American heavy metal singer who is best known for his work with doom metal band Trouble , which he formed in 1979 when he was 20 years old .
Pat Lorje ( pronounced `` lor ee eh '' ) is a Canadian politician .
Moosa Al Halyan ( born 1969 ) is an Emirati surrealist painter from Dubai , United Arab Emirates and a member of the Emirates Fine Arts Society .
Jon Jang ( Chinese : 胡健良 ; pinyin : Hú Jiànliáng ; born March 11 , 1954 ) is an American jazz pianist , composer , and bandleader .
Marianne Davies ( 1743 or 1744 , England -- c. 1818 ) was an English musician , and the sister of the classical soprano Cecilia Davies .
Ruslan Akhtakhanov ( Russian : Руслан Ахтаханов ; c. 1953 -- 16 November 2011 ) was a Chechen poet and academic .
Iyeoka Okoawo ( /iːˈjoʊkə/ ) is a Nigerian - American poet , recording artist , singer , activist , educator and TEDGlobal Fellow .
Prentiss Taylor ( December 13 , 1907 -- October 7 , 1991 ) was an American illustrator , lithographer , and painter .
Charles Byron Renfrew ( born October 31 , 1928 ) is a former United States federal judge , and in 2013 , was listed as a NAFTA adjudicator .
Austin Chick ( born 1974 ) is an American film director , screenwriter and producer , who made the films XX / XY , released in 2002 , and August , which premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival .
Award winning Indigenous author Graeme Dixon called on Mudrooroo to come forward and tell the truth , stressing that it was important to `` out '' pretenders and reclaim Aboriginal culture .
Fernando Padilla , Jr. ( born July 29 , 1958 ) is a Native American artist .
Marlena Novak is an American artist based in Chicago and Amsterdam .
Ali LeRoi ( born February 12 , 1962 ) is an American television producer , director , writer and actor .
Martha Sharp Crawford von Bülow , known as Sunny von Bülow ( September 1 , 1932 -- December 6 , 2008 ) , was an American heiress and socialite .
Jeymes Samuel ( born July 27 , 1979 ) , also known by his stage name The Bullitts , is a British singer - songwriter , music producer and filmmaker from London .
Jonah Tolchin is an American singer - songwriter , musician , and New Jersey native .
Susan Nickson is an English screenwriter , television producer , and script editor .
Toshinori Kondo ( December 15 , 1948 in Ehime Prefecture ) is an avant - garde jazz and jazz fusion trumpeter .
Hywel Williams - Ellis ( sometimes billed as Hywel Williams Ellis ) is a British actor of the 1980s and 1990s .
Fermin Galeano Gaekel ( born November 7 , 1975 ) , is a Honduran actor who has appeared in leading roles in several films .
Louis Dantin was the pen name of Eugène Seers ( November 28 , 1865 - January 17 , 1945 ) , a Canadian writer and editor from Quebec .
Peter Donald ( June 6 , 1918 -- April 20 , 1979 ) was a British - born actor who worked in American radio and television .
Dean Hsieh is an American musician , writer , and artist / animator .
William F. Bernhard , MD ( born December 11 , 1924 ) is an American cardiovascular surgeon , Emeritus Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School , and cardiovascular surgical pioneer .
Kathleen McClellan is an American actress , model , television host and former Miss Illinois Teen USA .
Maria de Lourdes Egydio Villela , or Milu , is a Brazilian businesswoman , heiress , and philanthropist .
Rodin Younessi ( born August 1 , 1969 in Palm Beach , Florida ) is an American racing driver from Palm Beach , Florida .
On Saturday 15 September 1984 a memorial stone was unveiled by a Prifardd to mark the site in the churchyard at Talley where a deeply - rooted tradition asserts that the poet Dafydd ap Gwilym lies buried .
Deena Burton ( September 23 , 1948 - -April 3 , 2005 ) was an American dancer , specializing in the field of Javanese and Balinese dance .
Jesse West , aka 3rd Eye ( born December 4 , 1967 in the South Bronx , New York ) is a producer / rapper .
Ersel Hickey ( June 27 , 1934 -- July 12 , 2004 ) , born in Brighton , New York , was a rockabilly singer best known for his hit song `` Bluebirds over the Mountain '' .
Henry Schultz ( September 4 , 1893 -- November 26 , 1938 ) was an American economist , statistician , and one of the founders of econometrics .
Ryoko Tanami ( 田波涼子 ) ( born on October 8 , 1973 in Tokyo ) is a Japanese model .
Egill Helgason is an Icelandic journalist , chat Comedian and supervisor of the TV Egils silver and separation operation in the RUV .
Francisco Tobar Garcia ( Quito , November 3 , 1928 -- Guayaquil , February 1 , 1997 ) was an Ecuadorian poet , playwright , short story writer , essayist , journalist , literary critic , diplomat and university professor .
Dr. Erwin Voellmy , a mathematics teacher by profession , edited for 40 years the chess column in Basler Nachrichten , and was an author of several chess books .
Hilda Kean is a British historian , former Dean and Director of Public History at Ruskin College , Oxford , and an honorary research fellow there .
Charlie Grosso ( born January 3 , 1979 ) is a Taiwanese American photographer , writer , brand consultant , adventure traveler , and gallery owner based out of New York City .
Chen Tze - chung ( 陳志忠 ; pinyin : Chén Zhìzhōng ) ( born 24 June 1958 ) is a Taiwanese professional golfer .
Surjit Khan ( born Surjit Singh Khan ) is a British record producer , musician and singer - songwriter .
Eloise Blaine Cram ( 1896-February 9 , 1957 ) was a zoologist and parasitologist ,
Carl Weingarten is an American guitarist , photographer , and founder of the independent music label Multiphase Records .
Heather Kozar is an American model known as Playboy 's Playmate of the Month for January 1998 .
Marcus E. Jones ( April 25 , 1852 -- June 3 , 1934 ) was an American geologist , mining engineer and botanist .
Adlai Osborne ( June 4 , 1744 -- December 14 , 1814 ) was a lawyer , public official , plantation owner , and educational leader from North Carolina .
Philip Lonicer ( Philippus Lonicerus ) ( died 1599 ) was a German historian .
Jad Fair ( born June 9 , 1954 ) is an American singer , guitarist and graphic artist , most famous for being a founding member of lo - fi alternative rock group Half Japanese .
Heliodorus of Larissa ( fl . 3rd century ? ) was a Greek mathematician , and the author of a short treatise on optics which is still extant .
Cathy Gauthier ( June 5 , 1961 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian curler and broadcaster .
Albert Dekker ( December 20 , 1905 -- May 5 , 1968 ) was an American character actor and politician best known for his roles in Dr. Cyclops , The Killers , Kiss Me Deadly , and The Wild Bunch .
Jean Baucus ( July 7 , 1917 -- December 10 , 2011 ) was an American author , historian , arts patron and rancher .
James C. Harrison ( November 7 , 1925 -- November 4 , 1990 ) was a Detroit , Michigan artist based in Brooklyn , New York .
Fredrick Ruhindi , more commonly known as Freddie Ruhindi or Fred Ruhindi , is a Ugandan lawyer and politician .
Elfric Wells Chalmers Kearney ( February 3 , 1881 -- April 15 , 1966 ) was an Australian inventor , engineer and author .
Amy Turek was a women 's ice hockey player who competed for the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks women 's ice hockey program .
Papa Cidy ( born Hamidu Sekyeru ) is a Ugandan singer and music executive .
Myke Hideous is an American gothic rock singer who created The Empire Hideous and performed with Bronx Casket Company , Spy Society 99 , and the Misfits .
Leroy Chiao ( born August 28 , 1960 ) is an American engineer , former NASA astronaut , entrepreneur , motivational speaker and engineering consultant .
In 1948 , Nonna Mordyukova was married to actor Vyacheslav Tikhonov and had a son from him ( who died ) .
LoveRance ( born Rance Love Oliver II ) is an American rapper , producer and DJ from the Bay Area .
Jonathan Sherr ( born April 24 , 1974 ) is an American actor known for his portrayal of Tony László in My Darling Is a Foreigner .
Jefferson Chapman ( born 1943 ) is an archaeologist who conducted extensive excavations at sites in eastern Tennessee , recovering evidence that provided the first secure radiocarbon chronology for Early and Middle Archaic period assemblages in Eastern North America .
James D. Robinson IV ( also known as James D. Robinson , or Jim Robinson , born June 13 , 1962 ) is an American venture capitalist and entrepreneur best known for his position as Co - Founder and Managing Partner of RRE Ventures , a large venture capital firm based in New York City .
Martin Rodbell ( December 1 , 1925 -- December 7 , 1998 ) was an American biochemist and molecular endocrinologist who is best known for his discovery of G - proteins .
Arild Linneberg ( born 26 January 1952 ) is a Norwegian researcher of literature , literary critic , essayist and translator .
Yula Beeri , born Yuli Yael Be'eri , is an Israeli composer , musician , and performer .
Agustín Ramírez ( born August 28 , 1952 in San Francisco del Rincón , Guanajuato ) is a Mexican singer - songwriter , co - founder and frontman of the Mexican musical group Los Caminantes .
Kyle Bornheimer ( born September 10 , 1975 ) is an American actor known for his role on the American sitcom Worst Week on CBS .
George Balch Nevin ( March 15 , 1859 -- April 17 , 1933 ) was an American composer and businessman .
Antonio Badú ( August 13 , 1914 -- June 29 , 1993 ) was a Mexican film actor and producer .
Richard Gunnell ( fl . 1613 -- 1634 ) was an actor , playwright , and theatre manager in Jacobean and Caroline era London .
Rev. Stephen Livingstone Baldwin ( simplified Chinese : 保灵 ; traditional Chinese : 保靈 ; Pinyin : Bǎolíng ; Foochow Romanized : Bō̤-lìng ; January 11 , 1835 - July 28 , 1902 ) was an American missionary to China by the Methodist Episcopal Church .
Tanja Ostojić ( born 19 August 1972 in Titovo Užice , Yugoslavia ) is a feminist performance artist .
Laura Shields ( born 19 September 1984 ) is an English model and beauty pageant titleholder .
Georges - Antoine Belcourt ( April 22 , 1803 -- May 31 , 1874 ) , also George Antoine Bellecourt , was a Canadian Jesuit missionary and priest .
Steve Berger ( born May 20 , 1973 ) is a professional mixed martial artist and UFC veteran .
Patrick Renna ( born March 3 , 1979 ) is an American actor who began his career in the film The Sandlot playing Hamilton `` Ham '' Porter .
Randolph Roberts ( a.k.a . Will Roberts ) ( born October 15 , 1946 ) is an American actor best known for being the second actor to portray Richie Cunningham 's older brother Chuck on a few episodes of Happy Days .
Silas Malafaia ( born 14 September 1958 ) is a Brazilian evangelical pastor , author , and televangelist , who also has a degree in Psychology .
Angeline Quinto ( born November 26 , 1989 ) is a Filipino singer , actress , and winner of Star Power :
Du Fu is noted for having written more on poetics and painting than any other writer of his time .
Peggy Hsu ( Chinese : 許哲珮 ; pinyin : Xu Zhe - Pei , born February 2 , 1981 ) is a Taiwanese singer - songwriter , music composer , and music producer .
William Stadiem is an American lawyer , screenwriter , and author .
Filthy Pedro is an antifolk musician based in London .
Mircea Streinul ( January 2 , 1910 -- April 17 , 1945 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Romanian prose writer and poet .
William Bauchop Wilson ( April 2 , 1862 -- May 25 , 1934 ) was a ( Scottish - born ) American labor leader and progressive politician .
Samuel Pisar ( March 18 , 1929 -- July 27 , 2015 ) was a Polish - born American lawyer , author , and Holocaust survivor .
Dr. Pam Galloway ( born September 11 , 1955 ) is an American physician and surgeon and a former Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate , representing the 29th District since from 2011 through her retirement on March 16 , 2012 .
Toren Smith ( April 12 , 1960 - March 4 , 2013 ) was a manga translator and founder of Studio Proteus .
Bill Wise is an American actor and voice actor , perhaps best known for his roles in anime dubs .
William Fennor ( fl 1617 ) , also known as Wilhelmus Vener , was an English biligual English / Dutch poet and rogue of the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods .
Régis de Oliveira ( born September 19 , 1944 ) is a Brazilian lawyer , professor , and politician .
Heinz Billing ( born April 7 , 1914 ) is a German physicist and computer scientist , widely considered a pioneer in the construction of computer systems and data storage .
Richard A. Fineberg is a freelance investigative journalist specializing in issues related to petroleum development .
Jimmy Tingle ( born April 9 , 1955 ) is an American comic and occasional actor .
Charles Hossein Zenderoudi ( born 1937 Tehran ) is a renowned Iranian painter and sculptor , known especially as a pioneer of Iranian modern art . His work Tchaar Bagh was sold at Christi 's International auction in Dubai for $ 1.6 million .
Hildegarde ( February 1 , 1906 -- July 29 , 2005 ) was an American cabaret singer , best known for the song `` Darling , Je Vous Aime Beaucoup . ''
Peter Sagal ( born January 31 , 1965 ) is an American playwright , screenwriter , actor , and host of the National Public Radio game show Wait Wait ...
Jerry Blackstone is a Grammy Award winning American choral conductor .
Brian McNamara ( born November 21 , 1960 ) is an American actor , known for his portrayal of Dean Karny in the television movie Billionaire Boys Club for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a supporting role .
Francine Reed ( born July 11 , 1947 , Pembroke Township , Illinois ) is an American blues singer , solo artist , and regular singing partner of Lyle Lovett since the 1980s and member of Lovett 's Large Band .
Kira Salak ( born September 4 , 1971 ) is an American writer , adventurer , and journalist known for her travels in Mali and Papua New Guinea .
Mehmet Toner , PhD is a Turkish biomedical engineer .
Lisa Cholodenko ( born June 5 , 1964 ) is an American screenwriter and director of film and television .
Zahid Gishkori ( born 6 April 1982 ) is a Pakistani journalist and researcher known for his coverage of political and investigative reporting .
Scott Edelman ( born 1955 ) is an American science fiction , fantasy , and horror writer and editor .
Whitman G. Ferrin ( July 9 , 1818 -- June 1 , 1896 ) was a Vermont attorney and politician who served as State Auditor .
Rodney Scott Webb ( June 21 , 1935 - August 9 , 2009 ) was an American federal judge .
Sean Beavan is a musician , record producer , and audio engineer best known for his work with Guns N ' Roses , Marilyn Manson , Nine Inch Nails , God Lives Underwater , and Slayer .
Miriam Barukh Halfi ( מרים ברוך חלפי , birthdate unknown ; died October 17 , 2002 ) was a poet and a sculptor .
Richmond Lewis is an American painter who worked briefly as a comic book colorist .
Justin T. Bowler ( born February 12 , 1974 ) is an American actor , writer , and producer .
Martin Andjaba ( born 17 December 1957 in Ontokolo ) is a Namibian diplomat who has been his country 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations since 4 September 1996 .
James Hervey Witherspoon , Jr. ( March 23 , 1810 in Lancaster County , South Carolina -- October 3 , 1865 in Lancaster , South Carolina ) was a prominent Confederate States of America politician .
Virgil Shaw is an American singer - songwriter who currently resides in Portland , Oregon .
Adrian Cruz ( born Adrian Alejandro Cruz ; March 27 , 1978 ) is an American screenwriter , producer and director .
Hadiza Blell , better known by her stage name Di'Ja , is a Nigerian singer , visual artist , fashion designer and songwriter born in 1982 .
Frederick Juliand ( born October 9 , 1806 Greene , Chenango County , New York ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
Dennis James ( August 24 , 1917 - -June 3 , 1997 ) , born Demie James Sposa , was an American television personality , actor , and announcer .
Samuel Kirkland ( December 1 , 1741 -- February 28 , 1808 ) was a Presbyterian minister and missionary among the Oneida and Tuscarora peoples of present - day western New York State .
Cody Keenan is a speechwriter , and the current Director of Speechwriting for President Barack Obama .
Peter Deming , A.S.C. ( born December 13 , 1957 ) is an American cinematographer , winner of the Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography .
Reva Rice is an American musical theatre actress and singer .
Ziv Better ( Hebrew : זיו בטר‎ ) is an Israeli swimmer .
Ethel Magafan ( August 10 , 1916 -- April 24 , 1993 ) was an American painter and muralist .
Tao Lin ( simplified Chinese : 林韬 ; traditional Chinese : 林韜 ; pinyin : Lín Tāo ; born July 2 , 1983 ) is an American novelist , poet , essayist , short - story writer , and artist .
Script writer Guy Jenkin explained that `` my Jeffrey Archer is the man who has frequently saved Britain over the last 30 years .
Chad Franscoviak is a sound engineer and producer based out of Los Angeles , California .
Fay Kanin ( née Mitchell ; May 9 , 1917 -- March 27 , 2013 ) was an American screenwriter , playwright and producer .
Chris Weber ( born October 16 , 1966 ) is an American musician best known as the guitarist and founder of the groups U.P.O. and Hollywood Rose ( which featured future Guns N ' Roses members Axl Rose , Izzy Stradlin , Slash and Steven Adler ) .
William Christopher Zeise ( October 15 , 1789 -- November 12 , 1847 ) was a prominent early Danish organic chemist .
Amador Lugo Guadarrama ( April 12 , 1921 -- June 26 , 2002 ) was a Mexican painter , graphic artist , writer and cultural promoter , best known for his landscape painting and the founding of several cultural institutions .
Timothy Weeden ( born November 13 , 1951 ) is a Wisconsin politician , legislator , and realtor .
Sally Cahill is a Canadian voice , onscreen actress and painter .
Guy Eckstine is an A&R , artist manager , record producer , and new media executive who has produced and executive produced over 40 records .
Edward Schildhauer ( August 21 , 1872 -- May 24 , 1953 ) was a chief electrical and mechanical engineer on the Panama Canal project .
Shabbir Jan is a Pakistani television and film actor who has appeared in many Lollywood films and drama serials , such as Wafa , Makan , Andata , Survival of a Woman , Zindagi Dhoop Tum Ghana Saya , Umrao Jaan , Jangloos and Shab e Gham and individual play and serials .
Henry Weed Fowler ( March 23 , 1878 -- June 21 , 1965 ) was an American zoologist born in Holmesburg , Pennsylvania .
James Davis Taylor ( September 2 , 1863 -- May 11 , 1941 ) was a Canadian publisher , journalist , soldier and Conservative politician .
Chris Gerlach ( born November 17 , 1964 ) is a Minnesota politician and former member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 37 , which included portions of the cities of Apple Valley , Burnsville and Rosemount in Dakota County , which is located in the southeastern Twin Cities metropolitan area .
Tommy Carr is a former inter - county Gaelic football player for Dublin .
Irving Fazola ( December 10 , 1912 -- March 20 , 1949 ) was an American jazz clarinetist .
Daníel Ágúst Haraldsson ( born August 26 , 1969 ) is an Icelandic solo artist , and a lead singer of the bands GusGus , Nýdönsk and Esja .
Jennifer von Mayrhauser is an American costume designer who has designed costumes for more than thirty Broadway productions , and is notable for her significant contributions in film , television , and theatre .
Shelby Coffey III is a journalist and business executive who is now a senior fellow of the Freedom Forum and a trustee of the Newseum in Washington , D.C. He was editor and executive vice president of the Los Angeles Times from 1989 to 1997 .
Zhang Shiping was a merchant from Zhongshan during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Jennifer Estep is an author of urban fantasy and paranormal romance novels under Pocket Books .
Warren Demian Manshel ( January 6 , 1924 -- February 25 , 1990 ) was an investment banker ; an editor and publisher ; and a diplomat .
Janet Catherine Berlo is an American art historian and academic , noted for her publications and research into the visual arts heritage of Native American and pre - Columbian cultures .
Michael E. Rosen is a British political philosopher who is active in the traditions of analytic philosophy and continental European intellectual thought .
Adam Bernstein ( born May 7 , 1960 ) is an American film director , music video director and television director .
Zoran Janjetov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Јањетов ; born June 23 , 1961 ) is a Serbian comics artist .
Sturla Þórðarson ( 1214 - -1284 ) was an Icelandic politician / chieftain and writer of sagas and contemporary history during the 13th century .
Christopher Downs ( born November 5 , 1974 ) is a US - American amateur boxer who won a bronze medal at the 2007 Pan American Games 2007 .
Bernard Pariset ( December 21 , 1929 -- November 26 , 2004 ) was a French judoka and jujitsuka legend who studied with many Japanese masters including Jigoro Kano 's student , Mikonosuke Kawaishi , and his assistant , Shozo Awazu .
Rosemary S. Pooler ( born June 21 , 1938 ) is a U.S. federal judge in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Balázs Szabó ( born February 22 , 1985 in Miskolc ) is a Hungarian organist , harmonium d´art player and OrganExpert .
Dharmendar Kanwar is a writer who studied at the Maharani Gayatri Devi Girls Public School , Jaipur , St. Mary 's College , Shillong and the University of Rajasthan .
Katarína Knechtová ( born March 14 , 1981 ) is a Slovak singer - songwriter and guitarist , originally known for her work with the band Peha .
Eugene Gaudio ( 1886 - 1920 ) was a cinematographer .
Clive Leo McNeir is a linguist and lexicographer , and the author of some half - dozen crime novels , set mainly on the inland waterways of Britain .
Santokh Singh Dhir ( Punjabi : ਸੰਤੋਖ ਸਿੰਘ ਧੀਰ ) , also spelled as Santokh Singh Dheer ( 1920 - -2010 ) , was a noted , Sahitya Akademi Award winner , Punjabi writer and poet of Indian Punjab .
Walter Runge ( September 11 , 1884 -- February 27 , 1966 ) was an All - American basketball player at Colgate between 1902 and 1906 .
Erica Ferencik is a Massachusetts - based novelist , screenwriter and stand - up comic .
Lawrence Gray ( July 28 , 1898 -- February 2 , 1970 ) was an American actor of the 1920s and 1930s .
Maria Carolina Martinez Deslandes ( born August 27 , 1991 ) , known as Carolina Deslandes , is a Portuguese singer and songwriter .
Karen P. Thomas ( born 1957 ) , composer and conductor , is the Artistic Director and Conductor of Seattle Pro Musica and Director of Music at University Unitarian Church .
Kéllé Bryan - Gudgeon is a British singer , actress and television personality , best known as a member of girl group Eternal .
Vasili Bogazianos ( born February 1 , 1945 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as Benny Sago # 2 on the television series All My Children , which he played from 1980 to 1990 .
Leonard Sargeant ( March 17 , 1793 - -June 18 , 1880 ) was a Vermont politician and lawyer who served as Lieutenant Governor for two years .
Francisca Queiroz started working as an amateur theater actress , initiating a model career when she was 16 years old .
Melvyn Levitsky ( born 19 March 1938 in Sioux City , Iowa ) is a United States diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Bulgaria ( 1984 - -87 ) and Brazil ( 1994 - -98 ) .
Tom DeFalco ( born June 26 , 1950 ) is an American comics writer and editor , well known for his association with Marvel Comics and in particular for his work with Spider - Man .
Cyrus Shahabi is an Iranian - American computer scientist and a 2003 recipient of the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers .
Till Kraemer ( born August 18 , 1977 ) is a German actor , former pornographic actor , columnist , television host , trance DJ , film critic and stand - up comedian .
Olga Broumas ( born 6 May 1949 , Hermoupolis ) is a Greek poet , resident in the United States .
Teles of Megara ( Greek : Τέλης ; fl . c. 235 BC ) , was a Cynic philosopher and teacher .
Full Metal Challenge was a television series made by RDF Media for Channel 4 in the UK and the Learning Channel in the USA .
Rescue Robots is a British game show , produced by Mentorn ( the creators of Robot Wars and Techno Games ) and shown on ITV in 2003 , presented by Anna Williamson .
Felis margarita thinobia , known as the Turkestan sand cat , is a subspecies of the sand cat native to the Transcaspian region .
Bezy 's night lizard ( Xantusia bezyi ) is a species of lizard endemic to Arizona .
Iñaki Aguilar Vicente Morillo ( born 9 September 1983 ) is a Spanish water polo player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Milorad Gajović ( born July 27 , 1974 ) is a Serb amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics as a heavyweight .
Peter Ahrendt ( 2 February 1934 in Rostock - February 2013 ) was a German sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Adriano Guarnieri ( November 18 , 1914 -- 1983 ) was an Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics .
Prudencio de Pena ( born January 21 , 1913 ) is an Uruguayan basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Duane Cousins ( born 13 July 1973 ) is an Australian former racewalker who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Angela Kennedy ( born 28 February 1976 ) is an Australian former butterfly swimmer of the 1990s , who won a silver medal in the 4×100-metre medley relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Carl von Moers ( born December 9 , 1871 , d. May 26 , 1957 ) was a German horse rider who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Grant Schubert ( OAM ) ( born 1 August 1980 in Loxton , South Australia ) is a field hockey striker from Australia , who won the gold medal with the Men 's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Ernesto Razzino ( born 16 June 1961 ) is an Italian former wrestler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics , in the 1988 Summer Olympics , and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Marc van Belkum ( born January 27 , 1965 in Leiden ) is a former water polo player from the Netherlands , who finished in ninth position with the Dutch team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Pavel Schenk ( born June 27 , 1941 ) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics , in the 1968 Summer Olympics , and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Bruno Belin ( 16 January 1929 -- 20 October 1962 ) was a Croatian footballer who was part of Yugoslav national team at the 1954 FIFA World Cup .
Attila Mizsér participated on the Hungarian team which won a gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
Silvio Alverà ( December 17 , 1921 -- 1986 ) was an Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics and in the 1952 Winter Olympics .
Nader Sufyan Abbas ( born Andrey Ivanov on December 12 , 1975 in Bulgaria ) is a Qatari weightlifter who competed in the Men 's 77 kg ( 170 lb ) weight class at the 2004 Summer Olympics and finished 9th .
Heike Friedrich ( born 18 April 1970 in Karl - Marx - Stadt , Saxony ) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany , who won two medals at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Dorina Böczögő ( born February 15 , 1992 in Orosháza ) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast that competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Laila Solveig Egman - Andersson ( born 6 January 1942 ) is a retired Swedish artistic gymnast who competed at the 1960 , 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics .
Karel Burkert ( 1 December 1909 in Újpest -- 26 March 1991 ) is a Czech football goalkeeper who played for Czechoslovakia in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Kyriakos Giannopoulos ( born 17 April 1959 ) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics , in the 1984 Summer Olympics , in the 1988 Summer Olympics , and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Jernej Godec ( born January 16 , 1986 in Ljubljana ) is a freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Slovenia , who competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China .
Kevin Grant is a former Canadian international soccer player who played 26 games for the Canada men 's national soccer team between 1971 and 1976 , including two games at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Juan Ferrer Lahera ( 24 August 1955 -- 22 October 2015 ) was a Cuban former judoka who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Josef Deutschmann ( born December 6 , 1920 ) is an Austrian cross - country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Matthew Stockford is a British former Paralympic skier who won medals at the 1992 Winter Paralympics and 1994 Winter Paralympics .
Natalia Hadjiloizou ( Greek : Ναταλία Χατζηλοΐζου ; born 23 March 1979 in Vitebsk , Belarus as Natalya Baranovskaya ; Belarusian : Наталля Бараноўская ; Russian : Наталья Барановская ) is a professional Cypriot swimmer , who made her Olympic debut at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta for Belarus .
Marek Pach ( born 16 December 1954 ) is a Polish former Nordic combined skier and ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics .
Dick Packer was a U.S. soccer center forward who was a member of the U.S. team at the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Marko Račič ( born April 25 , 1920 ) is a Slovenian athlete who participated in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London , England .
René Duverger ( 30 January 1911 -- 16 August 1983 ) was a French weightlifter who won a gold medal in the 67.5 kg category at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles .
Kanatbek Begaliev ( born 14 February 1984 in Talas , Kyrgyz SSR ) is a Kyrgyz wrestler who won the silver medal in the Men 's Greco - Roman 66 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Eugène Richez ( born August 5 , 1864 - died ? ) was a French archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London and at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp .
William J. Press was a British wrestler who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Jozef Kalina ( November 22 , 1924 in Bratislava -- April 21 , 1986 in Bratislava ) was a Czechoslovak / Slovak basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Walter Laufer ( July 5 , 1906 -- September 1 , 1984 ) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam .
Antti Kuisma , born February 23 , 1978 in Jyväskylä ) is a Nordic combined athlete from Finland who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Winter Olympics in the 4 x 5 km team event .
Carla Marangoni , better known as Clara Marangoni ( born 13 November 1915 ) , is a former Italian gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Gregor Ewan ( born 28 June 1971 ) is a wheelchair curler who competed for Great Britain at the 2014 Winter Paralympics .
Imre Szentpály ( November 15 , 1904 -- January 24 , 1987 ) was a Hungarian polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Dallas Seavey appeared in three seasons of Ultimate Survival Alaska .
Henri Deloge ( 21 November 1874 -- 27 December 1961 ) was a French middle distance runner who won a silver medal over 1500 m in Athletics at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris ahead of John Bray .
Nicole Callisto ( born 12 November 1987 in Joondalup , Western Australia ) is an Australian BMX cyclist who represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
( Louis ) Michael Macaque ( born 15 August 1974 ) is a former Mauritian super heavyweight boxer , who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , and served as the nation 's flag bearer at the opening ceremony .
Jayne Parsons ( born 18 March 1962 in Lower Hutt , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand paralympic cyclist who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics along with tandem partner Annaliisa Farrell in the Women 's Time trial .
María Luisa Fernández ( born 1 April 1969 ) is a Spanish swimmer who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Sofija Pekić ( born 15 February 1953 in Lovćenac ) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Joseph Guillemot ( 1 October 1899 -- 9 March 1975 ) was a French long - distance runner , winner of 5000 m at the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Erich Gallwitz ( July 5 , 1912 -- October 1 , 1981 ) was an Austrian cross - country skier who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics .
František Vaněk ( born 3 December 1931 in Uherský Ostroh , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech former ice hockey player who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics and in the 1960 Winter Olympics .
Anthony John Robinson ( born July 22 , 1925 -- July 24 , 1982 ) was a British field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and 1956 Summer Olympics .
Judy Crawford Rawley ( born December 22 , 1951 ) is a retired Canadian alpine skier who competed at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo , Japan , placing fourth in women 's slalom .
Werner Scheurmann ( born September 27 , 1909 , date of death unknown ) was a Swiss field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Masako Tachibana ( born 23 November 1983 ) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Pierre Gallien ( born 19 November 1911 , date of death unknown ) was a French professional road bicycle racer , who won one stage in the 1939 Tour de France .
Vladimír Kinier ( born 6 April 1958 ) is a retired Slovak football defender who played for Czechoslovakia in the 1990 FIFA World Cup , in which he played one complete match .
Petter Hol ( March 9 , 1883 -- June 22 , 1981 ) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics , in the 1908 Summer Olympics , in the 1912 Summer Olympics , and in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
With the Argentina national football team Antonio Rattín played thirty - two times , including the 1962 FIFA World Cup , and as the captain in the 1966 FIFA World Cup that took place in England .
Felix Bwalya ( born October 27 , 1970 in Chingola -- died December 23 , 1997 in Lusaka ) was a boxer from Zambia , who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Elda Cividino ( born 13 December 1921 ) is an Italian former gymnast who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , where she placed seventh with her squad in a field of eight nations in the women 's team all - around .
On 27 February 2010 , Aija Andrejeva won the Latvian national final Eirodziesma 2010 , and has represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo , Norway , with the song What For ? .
Celia Corres Giner ( born January 22 , 1964 in Terrassa , Catalonia ) is a former field hockey player from Spain , who was a member of the Women 's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics on home soil ( Barcelona ) .
Louis De Ridder ( 9 June 1902 -- 5 May 1981 ) was a Belgian athlete who competed in ice hockey , speed skating and bobsleigh at the 1924 and 1936 Winter Olympics .
Dominique Ohaco ( born 19 December 1995 ) is a competitor for Chile at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the premier of Women 's slopestyle .
Bektas Abubakirov ( Kazakh : Бектас Абубакиров ; born December 12 , 1972 ) is a retired boxer from Kazakhstan , who competed for his native country in the Men 's Bantamweight ( -- 54 kg ) at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Grahanandan Singh ( February 18 , 1926 in Lyallpur , British India -- December 7 , 2014 in New Delhi , India ) was an Indian field hockey player who won two gold medals , at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics .
At the age of 20 Guillermo Ochoa was called up by Mexico 's former manager Ricardo La Volpe for the 2006 FIFA World Cup as the third - choice goalkeeper .
Nicolette Hellemans ( born 30 November 1961 ) is a former international rower from the Netherlands , who won the silver medal in the double sculls at the 1984 Summer Olympics , partnering with her elder sister Greet .
Abdallah Lamrani ( born 1946 ) is a Moroccan football defender who played for the Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup .
Hervé Banti ( born March 26 , 1977 is a Monégasque - national Olympic triathlete , who competes on pro team AS Monaco Triathlon . Banti competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics Men 's Triathlon , placing 49th overall .
Le Maosheng ( simplified Chinese : 乐茂盛 ; traditional Chinese : 樂茂盛 ; pinyin : Lè Màoshèng ; born August 9 , 1978 in Ningyuan , Yongzhou , Hunan ) is a Chinese weightlifter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Debbie Tanner ( born 8 October 1982 in Auckland ) is a triathlete from New Zealand , who placed fourth at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne , and competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
A. J. Bear ( born 2 February 1977 ) is an Australian former alpine skier who competed in the 2002 and 2006 Winter Olympics .
Paola Celli ( born 23 August 1967 ) is an Italian former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics .
Albert Ireton ( 15 May 1879 -- 4 January 1947 ) was a British tug of war competitor and boxer who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Laïsa Lerus ( born August 7 , 1975 in Les Abymes , Guadeloupe ) is a French handball player who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Rahim Aliabadi ( Persian : رحیم علی‌آبادی‎‎ , born March 22 , 1943 in Ardabil ) is an Iranian wrestler who won a silver medal in Greco - Roman at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Diógenes Domínguez ( born 1902 , date of death unknown ) was a Paraguayan football forward who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup .
Li Kai Ming ( born 5 July 1991 ) is a Hong Kong cricketer who made his debut for the Hong Kong national team at the 2010 Asian Games .
Hedevig Rasmussen ( later Gjørling , later Jensen , April 21 , 1902 -- April 15 , 1985 ) was a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Gogi Koguashvili ( born 8 February 1974 in Kutaisi ) is a Georgian - Russian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Ida Hubáčková ( born 1 October 1954 ) is a Czech former field hockey player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Peter Stammbach ( born November 27 , 1937 ) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey player who represented the Swiss national team at the 1964 Winter Olympics .
Henry Loubscher ( born 9 August 1936 ) is a former boxer from South Africa , bronze medalist at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne .
2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China Hendra Setiawan competed in badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics --
Milorad Karalić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милорад Каралић , born January 7 , 1946 ) is a Serbian former handball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
With Zhao Yunlei , Tian Qing participated in 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou .
Teyck Weed ( born April 15 , 1949 ) is a retired American Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics .
Reinaldo Oliver ( 28 March 1932 -- 19 January 2015 ) was a Puerto Rican former javelin thrower and decathlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Bernd Klingner ( born 28 January 1940 ) is a German sports shooter who won a gold meal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in the small bore rifle , three positions event .
Robert Lowrance ( born 5 May 1954 ) is a sailor who represented American Samoa Lowrance competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics , he was the skipper in the Star Class with Fua Logo Tavui as his crew , after 10 races the pair finished 24th out 25 starters .
Pål Bye ( born 21 May 1946 ) is a retired Norwegian handball goalkeeper who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Tony Mmoh ( born June 14 , 1958 in Enugu ) is a former tennis player from Nigeria , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , where he was defeated in the second round by the Netherlands ' wild card entry Michiel Schapers .
Jean - Paul Gahimbaré ( born 22 December 1970 ) is a Burundian athlete who specialized in the marathon and long - distance running Gahimbaré competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens when he entered the marathon , but he did n't finish the race .
Jean - Pierre Goudeau ( born 25 February 1933 ) is a French former athlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Nikolai Melnitsky ( Russian : Николай Мельницкий , 26 April 1887 ( OS)/9 May 1887(NS ) , Kyiv , Ukraine-- 7 November 1965 ) was a Ukrainian sport shooter who competed for the Russian Empire in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Kim Chon - man is a North Korean diver who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Peter Lakota ( born 23 November 1937 in Javornik , Kranj ) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1964 Winter Olympics .
Wasteland Discotheque is Danish band Raunchy 's fourth album .
`` Symphony 2000 '' is the lead single released from EPMD 's sixth album , Out of Business .
Robert Motherwell was born in Aberdeen , Washington on January 24 , 1915 , the first child of Robert Burns Motherwell the 2nd and Margaret Hogan Motherwell .
Jonathan Tinhan ( born 1 June 1989 ) in Échirolles is a Beninese professional footballer who currently plays for Amiens .
Víctor Genes ( born 29 June 1961 ) is a retired football ( soccer ) attacking midfielder from Paraguay .
Facundo Julián Píriz González ( born March 27 , 1990 in Tarariras , Uruguay ) , commonly known as Facundo Píriz , is a Uruguayan football player who plays as a Defensive midfielder for Terek Grozny .
Bianca Castafiore , the `` Milanese Nightingale '' , is a fictional character in The Adventures of Tintin , the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
Steeljaw is the name of several characters from the Transformers franchise .
Enemies & Allies was published by William Morrow and Company , an imprint of HarperCollins .
Psychology and Aging is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the American Psychological Association .
This is the first Grateful Dead album on Arista Records after releasing other albums on its own Grateful Dead Records and their previous label , Warner Bros. According to Dennis McNally , Jerry Garcia conceived the idea for the song `` Terrapin Station Part One '' while driving across the Richmond - San Rafael Bridge .
`` Heaven 's Kitchen '' was Bonnie Pink 's second album released under the Pony Canyon label on May 16 , 1997 .
`` Yester Love '' ( Tamla 54167 ) was a 1968 song by Motown Records R&B group The Miracles ( aka `` Smokey Robinson '' and The Miracles ) on its Tamla subsidiary label .
Love Is the Foundation was Lynn 's second studio album of the year , as well as her second album off of MCA Records .
`` Your Precious Love '' is a popular song that was a 1967 hit for Motown singers Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell .
6- and 12-String Guitar is the second album by Leo Kottke , a solo instrumental steel - string acoustic guitar album originally released by John Fahey 's Takoma Records in 1969 .
`` B'coz I Love You '' is a song by Hitomi Yaida , released as her first single after signing distribution contracts with Toshiba EMI .
Tonight We Ride is the twelfth album by American singer - songwriter Michael Martin Murphey and his first for Warner Bros. Records .
`` Steal My Kisses '' is a song by Ben Harper & the Innocent Criminals , released as a single from Burn to Shine in 2000 on Virgin Records America .
Arrows and Anchors is the fourth studio album by the Texas progressive rock band Fair to Midland , released on July 12 , 2011 , by E1 Music in North America .
Shinji Ilabas Mo Na Ang Helicopter is the second studio album by the Filipino dance - punk band Pedicab , released July 11 , 2008 on MCA Records .
`` Sleep When I 'm Dead '' is a single by the British band The Cure released on 13 July 2008 on Geffen Records in the United Kingdom .
Saxophone Colossus was released later that year by Prestige Records to critical success and helped establish Rollins as a prominent jazz artist .
Although the King Records single lists `` Bradshaw - Mann '' as the songwriters , reissues and subsequent recordings of `` The Train Kept A - Rollin ' '' credit Tiny Bradshaw , Lois Mann ( a pseudonym of King Records owner Syd Nathan ) , and Howard Kay .
Wigs ' n ' Guns is the second solo album by Sook - Yin Lee , released in 1996 on Zulu Records .
Rising Force is the first studio album by Yngwie J. Malmsteen 's Rising Force , released on 5 March 1984 through Polydor Records .
Exai is the eleventh album by electronic music duo Autechre , released on Warp Records .
Under Lock and Key is the third studio album by heavy metal band Dokken , released on November 22 , 1985 through Elektra Records .
Ao Meu Brasil ( To My Brazil ) is an album by Julio Iglesias released on December 18 , 2001 by Sony International .
Signed to Dualtone Records at the time , Wright released `` The Bumper of My SUV '' in November 2004 as the second single from her album The Metropolitan Hotel .
Inner Urge is an album by jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson released in 1966 , the fourth recorded as a leader for Blue Note Records .
A Future Lived in Past Tense is the second album by Seattle band Juno , released in 2001 on DeSoto Records .
Crimson and Blue is the title of a 1993 album by guitarist Phil Keaggy , released on Myrrh Records .
The Unique Thelonious Monk is a 1956 album from Thelonious Monk , his second for Riverside Records and like his Riverside debut , is made up of standards .
Underground Network is the name of Anti - Flag 's third album , released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2001 .
Egyptian Danza is a composition by Latin jazz - fusion guitarist Al Di Meola .
Cool to Be You is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band the Descendents , released in 2004 through Fat Wreck Chords .
Where the Fast Lane Ends is the 12th country studio album by the American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys , released via MCA Records in 1987 .
Misguided Roses is singer / guitarist Edwin McCain 's second album released by Lava Records .
Innervisions is the 16th studio album by American musician Stevie Wonder , released August 3 , 1973 , on the Tamla Label for Motown Records , a landmark recording of his `` classic period '' .
The Wonderful World of Make Believe ( 1964 ) is the 19th original studio album released by singer Johnny Mathis and his third album for Mercury Records .
American Automatic is the first full - length album by Chicago , Illinois based Electronic duo , Kill Memory Crash , released in 2005 by Ghostly International under the filing number GI-42 .
Fear of a Black Planet is the third studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy , released on April 10 , 1990 , by Def Jam Recordings and Columbia Records .
Miller signed Casting Crowns to his fledgling Beach Street Records , a division of Reunion Records with distribution by the Provident Label Group , making Casting Crowns the first artist signed to Beach Street Records .
' Out to Lunch ! ' was Eric Dolphy 's only recording for Blue Note Records as a leader and was originally issued as BLP 4163 and BST 84163 .
' ' Stranger On The Shore of Love `` was backed by ' ' Did I Hear You Say You Love Me `` from the album Hotter Than July By the time the ' ' In Square Circle `` album was released , Motown decided to bed in catalogue numbers for the singles starting as WOND .
`` Getting Away with It '' was first issued by Factory Records in the United Kingdom in December 1989 , and released the following year in the rest of the world .
Modern Currencies is an album by Canadian indie rock group Uncut , released by Paper Bag Records on October 24 , 2006 .
The Anatomy of Addiction is the second and final studio album by the experimental rock band GOD , released on May 5 , 1994 by Big Cat Records .
The Spine is the ninth full - length studio album by They Might Be Giants .
Jonathan Sings ! is an album by Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers , released by the Sire Records label in 1983 .
Change It All is the third studio album by American singer -- songwriter Goapele , released in the United States on December 27 , 2005 , by Skyblaze / Columbia Records .
In a retrospective of Merge Records , Paste named Let 's Get Out of This Country the label 's best 2006 release .
Nilsson Schmilsson is the seventh album by American singer Harry Nilsson , released by RCA Records in November 1971 .
Revelling / Reckoning is the eleventh studio album by singer - songwriter Ani DiFranco , released in 2001 on Righteous Babe Records .
Red Heaven is a 1992 album by the American alternative rock band Throwing Muses , released on Sire / Warner Bros. Records .
After The Icicle Works ' next UK single `` Love Is a Wonderful Colour '' hit # 15 on the UK charts in late 1983 and early 1984 , Beggars Banquet Records re - released `` Birds Fly ( Whisper to a Scream ) '' in March 1984 with a new cover and B - side .
The Darkest Red is an album from The Agony Scene that was released under Roadrunner Records in 2005 .
Salongo is an album by jazz pianist Ramsey Lewis , which was released on Columbia Records in 1976 .
1,68 is Shorty 's debut album released in 2004 by Aquarius Records .
Soul Battle is an album by American saxophonists Oliver Nelson , King Curtis & Jimmy Forrest . Originally released in 1962 on Prestige Records , it was reissued on CD in 1991 , featuring one additional track .
Pipe Layin ' Dan is the fourth solo release ( and fifth album overall ) by American comedienne and actress LaWanda Page , released under the one - name title of LaWanda , released on Laff Records in 1973 .
Some 7 - 8 months after the announcement of Mat Bruso 's return to the band , Mosh n ' Roll was released on August 2nd , 2011 through Mediaskare Records .
Dejarte de Amar ( Stop Loving You ) is the second studio album by Mexican pop band Camila on February 9 , 2010 by Sony Music Latin .
Nettwerk first released an alternate version of U Want Me 2 for digital download .
Christmas in the Heart is the thirty - fourth studio album and first Christmas album by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan , released on October 13 , 2009 by Columbia Records .
Out of the Moon is the second album by New Zealand band Goldenhorse , released in 2005 under Siren Records .
Never Fade Away is the second studio album by Irish trance producer and DJ John O'Callaghan , released May 11 , 2009 on Armada Music .
Wild Young Hearts is the second studio album by British indie soul group Noisettes , released in the United Kingdom on 20 April 2009 by Vertigo Records , and the United States on 22 September 2009 by Mercury Records .
Séance Prime is Trap Them 's Deathwish Inc. debut , released on October 30 , 2007 , making it their third release of the year .
`` Zise Ti Zoi '' is a single by popular Greek singer Sakis Rouvas from the Alter Ego original soundtrack , released on 28 May 2007 in Greece and Cyprus by Minos EMI .
Introducing IMx is the fifth album by IMx , formerly known as Immature , released on October 26 , 1999 , on MCA Records .
Stop the Sun , I Want to Go Home is the fourth album by folk rock band Tiny Lights , released in 1992 through Doctor Dream Records .
Encyclopedia of Sound is the fifth studio album by American instrumental rock band Los Straitjackets , released in 2001 by LoveCat Music .
Cover Magazine is an album released by the American band Giant Sand on Thrill Jockey Records in 2001 .
It was originally released in early 2006 by Ed Banger Records on the Pop the Glock / Ready to Uff EP .
Jamal at the Penthouse is an album by jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal , released by Argo Records in 1959 .
Chumps on Parade is the second studio album by American ska punk band MU330 , released on Dill Records in 1996 and subsequently re - issued by Asian Man Records in 1997 .
Songs for Distingué Lovers is an album by jazz singer Billie Holiday released in 1957 on Verve Records .
Singin ' ... is a 1977 album release by Melissa Manchester on Arista Records .
Master of My Make - Believe is the second studio album by American recording artist Santigold , released in the UK on April 24 , 2012 and in the US on May 1 , 2012 by Downtown Records and Atlantic Records .
Solesides Greatest Bumps is a 2000 compilation album released by Quannum Projects and Ninja Tune .
Bop Doo - Wopp is the seventh album released by The Manhattan Transfer in 1984 on the Atlantic Records label .
Scintilli is the seventh studio album by the band Plaid , released on 29 September 2011 , through Warp Records .
New Routes was the début album release by Lulu on Atco Records and was produced by the top production team at the label 's parent Atlantic Records :
My Very Special Guests is a duet album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1979 on the Epic Records label .
If You Did n't Laugh , You 'd Cry is an album by Marah , released on Yep Roc Records in the United States and Munich Records in Europe on October 18 , 2005 .
Shot of Love is the twenty - first studio album by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan , released on August 10 , 1981 by Columbia Records .
Preston was signed to Mercury Records , and `` Running Bear '' was released in August 1959 , seven months after Richardson 's death in the plane crash that also killed Buddy Holly and Ritchie Valens .
Blue Haze is a compilation of tracks recorded in 1953 and 1954 by Miles Davis for Prestige Records .
The Glow Pt . 2 is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band The Microphones , released in September 2001 through K Records .
`` Back on the Chain Gang '' is a song written by Chrissie Hynde and originally recorded by her band , the Pretenders , and released as single by Sire Records in October 1982 .
La Chèvre ( English title : Knock on Wood , literal translation : The Goat ) is a 1981 French comedy film directed by Francis Veber , starring Pierre Richard and Gérard Depardieu .
`` Lisa the Tree Hugger '' was written by Matt Selman and directed by Steven Dean Moore as part of the twelfth season of The Simpsons ( 2000 - -2001 ) .
The Mathematics of Magic is a fantasy novella written by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt as the second story in their Harold Shea series .
When did You Start to Stop Seeing Things ? is the tenth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk ( Deceased ) starring Mike Pratt , Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre .
`` Fire / Ice '' is the 11th episode of the first season of the CW television series The Secret Circle , and the series ' 11th episode overall .
Nightsong is the second segment of the twenty - seventh episode ( the third episode of the second season ( 1986 - -87 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms is a 2010 fantasy novel by N. K. Jemisin , the first book of the The Inheritance Trilogy .
`` Dangerous Rendezvous '' is the 19th episode of Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons , a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co - created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson .
Ragnarok DS , known in Japan as Ragnarok Online DS ( ラグナロクオンラインDS ) , is a Nintendo DS video game based on the MMORPG Ragnarok Online and was released in Japan on December 18 , 2008 .
`` Tom 's Divorce '' is the 11th episode of the second season of American comedy television series Parks and Recreation , and the seventeenth overall episode of the series .
`` Zen and the Art of Murder '' is an episode of the seventh season of the American police drama television series Homicide : Life on the Street .
The Kings of Clonmel is the eighth novel in the Ranger 's Apprentice series by Australian author John Flanagan .
The Acceptance World is the third book of Anthony Powell 's twelve novel sequence , A Dance to the Music of Time .
Disney Sing It is a karaoke video game and sequel to High School Musical : Sing It!.
Words of Radiance ( abbreviated as WOR by fans ) is the second book of The Stormlight Archive epic fantasy series written by American author Brandon Sanderson .
`` A Tale of Two Springfields '' is the second episode from season twelve of the animated TV series The Simpsons and is the 250th episode of the series overall in both broadcast and production order .
`` The Girl in the Fireplace '' is the fourth episode of series two of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
`` Level ( 7 ) with Me '' is an episode from the ABC comedy - drama series Ugly Betty which was first broadcast on November 27 , 2009 .
Barchester Towers , published in 1857 , is the 2nd novel in Anthony Trollope 's series known as the `` Chronicles of Barsetshire '' .
`` The Pandorica Opens '' is the twelfth episode in the fifth series of British science fiction television programme Doctor Who , first broadcast on 19 June 2010 on BBC One .
`` Hi , Society '' is the tenth episode of the first season of the CW television series , Gossip Girl .
The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories is Penguin Classics ' first omnibus edition of works by seminal 20th - century American author H. P. Lovecraft .
`` Smoldering Children '' is the tenth episode of the first season of the television series American Horror Story , and premiered on the network FX on December 7 , 2011 .
The Matarese Circle ( 1979 ) is a novel by Robert Ludlum .
`` Shadows and Symbols '' is the second episode of the seventh season of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the 152nd overall .
`` Never Judge a Lady by Her Lover '' is the 114th episode of the ABC television series , Desperate Housewives .
`` Time 's Orphan '' is the 148th episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the 24th episode of the sixth season .
`` Rock a Hula Ted '' is the seventh episode of the second series of Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted , and the thirteenth episode overall .
Of Wee Sweetie Mice and Men is the second novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author , Colin Bateman , released on 25 April 1996 through Harper Collins .
`` Every Man 's Dream '' is the season premiere of the twenty - seventh season of the animated television series The Simpsons , and the 575th episode of the series overall .
A Wild Hare ( re - released as The Wild Hare ) is a 1940 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short film .
We Did n't Mean to Go to Sea is the seventh book in Arthur Ransome 's Swallows and Amazons series of children 's books .
Fairly OddBaby is a 2008 television film and season premiere of The Fairly OddParents '' sixth season , which first aired on February 18 , 2008 .
`` Animals Are People Too '' is the final episode of the award - winning British comedy television series The Goodies .
`` Could You Recognise the Man Again ? '' is the eighteenth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk ( Deceased ) starring Mike Pratt , Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre .
The Good Husband of Zebra Drive is the eighth in The No . 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith , set in Gaborone , Botswana , and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe .
Brilliance of the Moon is the third novel in Lian Hearn 's popular Tales of the Otori trilogy , published in 2004 .
`` The Passersby '' is the 69th episode of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone .
`` Drew Cam '' is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom The Drew Carey Show , and the 110th overall .
Quo Vadis , Captain Chandler ? was the 82nd episode of the M*A*S*H television series , and the tenth of season four .
`` Simon & Marcy '' is the fourteenth episode of the fifth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time .
`` The Beast Below '' is the second episode of the fifth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
To Your Scattered Bodies Go ( 1971 ) is a science fiction novel and the first book in the Riverworld series of books by Philip José Farmer .
`` Give Me the Blame '' is the 179th episode and the first part of the two - hour series finale of the ABC television series , Desperate Housewives .
`` How Munched Is That Birdie in the Window ? '' is the seventh episode of The Simpsons ' twenty - second season and aired November 28 , 2010 .
`` Professor Chaos '' is the sixth episode of the sixth season of the Comedy Central series South Park and the 85th episode of the series overall .
`` Work Bus '' is the fourth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show 's 180th episode overall .
The Celestial Toymaker is the sixth story of the third season in the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who .
`` The Old Man and the Lisa '' is the twenty - first episode of The Simpsons ' eighth season , first aired by the Fox network on April 20 , 1997 .
`` Lies My Parents Told Me '' is the 17th episode in the seventh and final season of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
`` Snow Falls '' is the third episode of the American fairy tale / drama television series Once Upon a Time .
The Zippity Zinger is the fourth book in the Hank Zipzer series by Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver .
Swords Against Wizardry is a fantasy short story collection by Fritz Leiber and Harry Fischer featuring their sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser .
`` Lee Marvin vs. Derek Jeter '' is the seventeenth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 75th overall episode of the series .
`` Girls Versus Suits '' is the 12th episode of the fifth season of the CBS situation comedy How I Met Your Mother and the show 's 100th episode overall .
`` The Metamorph '' is the first episode of the second series of Space : 1999 ( and the twenty - fifth overall episode of the programme ) .
The Face of Evil is the fourth serial of the 14th season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , starring Tom Baker as the Doctor .
The Wife Aquatic is the tenth episode of The Simpsons ' eighteenth season , which originally aired January 7 , 2007 .
Owls to Athens is the fourth book in the Hellenic Traders series by H N Turteltaub .
In Acme Animation Factory , the player is given a series of tools to create their own animated cartoons , using the Looney Tunes characters .
Death of an Expert Witness is an Adam Dalgliesh novel by P. D. James , published in 1977 .
Darker than Amber ( 1966 ) is the seventh novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald .
`` Holy Crap '' is the second episode of the second season of the FOX animated television series Family Guy , a holdover from the first season .
Spirou et les hommes - bulles ( Spirou and the bubble - men ) , written and drawn by Franquin , is the seventeenth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series .
`` You 're Getting Old '' is the seventh episode and the mid - season finale of the Season 15 of the American animated television series South Park , and the 216th episode of the series overall .
Incubus Dreams is the twelfth in the Anita Blake : Vampire Hunter series of horror / mystery / erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton .
Ranabai ( 1504 - -1570 ) , popularly known as Vīrānganā Rānābāī , was a female warrior and a Hindu mystical poet whose compositions are popular throughout Marwar region of Rajasthan , India .
Alex Puccio is the most accomplished American female bouldering competitor .
Carlos Alexis Hernández Calderón ( born June 8 , 1972 in Ciego de Ávila ) is a retired male weightlifter from Cuba .
Carmen Rosa Caso Sierra ( born November 29 , 1981 in Santo Domingo ) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic , who won the bronze medal with the Dominican women 's national team at the 2007 NORCECA Championship , she also became Best Libero of the event .
Yelena Pershina ( born 24 December 1963 in Ukrainian SSR ) is a retired female long jumper from Kazakhstan .
Ye Chong ( simplified Chinese : 叶冲 ; traditional Chinese : 葉沖 ; pinyin : Yè Chōng ; born November 29 , 1969 in Jiangsu ) is a male Chinese foil fencer who competed at the 1988 , 1992 , 1996 , 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics .
Rodjana Chuthabunditkul ( Thai : รจนา จุฑาบัณฑิตกุล ; born August 14 , 1991 ) is a female Thai badminton player .
Morrison considered it possible that Leod 's name could have ultimately originated from that of Ljótólfr 's ; however , while he considered it possible that Ljótólfr could have been an ancestor of Leod , he did not think it could have been in the male - line .
Ángela Acuña Braun ( 2 October 1888 -- 10 October 1983 ) was a Costan Rican attorney who was the first female attorney in Central America .
Julienne Taylor ( born Julie Anne Taylor on 15 July 1991 ) is a Scottish singer and songwriter who has been hailed as `` Scotland 's best female voice since Annie Lennox '' .
Jong Kum - hwa ( born February 23 , 1993 ) is a North Korean female acrobatic gymnast .
Nancy Lyle ( 26 February 1910 -- 1986 ) was a female tennis player from the United Kingdom who was active in the 1930s .
Sophron was the author of prose dialogues in the Doric dialect , containing both male and female characters , some serious , others humorous in style , and depicting scenes from the daily life of the Sicilian Greeks .
Ted Shawn ( 21 October 1891 -- 9 January 1972 ) , originally Edwin Myers Shawn , was one of the first notable male pioneers of American modern dance .
Ainārs Kovals ( born 21 November 1981 in Riga , Latvia ) is a male Latvian javelin thrower .
She signed with Universal Studios in 1942 and acted mostly in B - movies , including Arabian Nights , The Sword of Monte Cristo , Captive Wild Woman and Jungle Woman , in which Universal attempted to create a female monster movie franchise with Acquanetta as an ape .
She is the first female magician to get her own show , Katherine Mills :
Johan Kriek ( born April 5 , 1958 ) is a South African - American professional male tennis player and founder of the Global Water Foundation , a non - profit organization dedicated to delivering clean water to the world 's neediest communities .
Jemyma Betrian ( born January 24 , 1991 ) is a Curaçaoan female kickboxer and boxer , based in Oosterhout , Netherlands .
Laia Forcadell Arenas ( born June 6 , 1982 in Tortosa , Tarragona , Catalonia ) is a female Spanish sprinter and hurdler .
Yumi Tsukirino ( born 5 January ) is a female Japanese comics creator born in Saitama Prefecture .
Chantek , born December 17 , 1977 , at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center in Atlanta , Georgia , is a male hybrid Sumatran / Borneon orangutan who has mastered the use of a number of intellectual skills , including sign language , taught by American anthropologists Lyn Miles and Ann Southcombe .
During World War II , White joined United Servicemen Overseas , a government program which featured entertainment for troops serving overseas , and performed as the leader of an all female swing band called Thelma White and Her All Girl Orchestra .
Katarina Lazić , married Tomić , ( Serbian Cyrillic : Катарина Лазић , born May 25 , 1980 in Belgrade , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Yugoslavian and Serbian female basketball player .
Allan Mogensen is a Danish orienteering competitor , winner of the 1993 World Orienteering Championship ( classic distance ) , the first male Danish orienteer to win an individual World Championship .
Helmi Johannes was the most favorite male news presenter in the people 's choice poll conducted by Indonesia 's Citra tabloid in 1994 - 1995 .
Sethu Parvathi Bayi was distantly related , by birth , to the royal house of Travancore in the direct female line .
Jane O'Donoghue ( born 29 March 1983 ) is a retired British female tennis player who turned professional in 2000 and played her last professional match in 2007 .
Caroline Chisholm ( 30 May 1808 -- 25 March 1877 ) was a progressive 19th - century English humanitarian known mostly for her involvement with female immigrant welfare in Australia .
The Dick Bestwick Award for the male athlete graduating with the highest GPA at the University of Georgia was named in his honor .
Herman Sandby , cellist ; the Scandinavian Symphony Orchestra with Ole Windingstad as conductor , and a male chorus of 150 voices .
Pamela Benítez ( born May 9 , 1991 ) is a female swimmer from El Salvador .
Annalisa Bucci ( born January 29 , 1983 ) is an Italian female kickboxer and mixed martial artist , based in Fabriano .
Edith Cross Jensen was an American female tennis player who achieved a No . 3 national ranking in 1928 , 1929 and 1930 .
Zaurbek Sokhiev ( born June 1 , 1986 in Russia ) is a Ossetian male freestyle wrestler from Uzbekistan .
Greg Hanna ( born in Finch , Ontario , Canada ) is a male Canadian country music singer .
It has been suggested that the change of sex from the female Nerthus to the male Njörðr is due to the fact that feminine nouns with u - stems disappeared early in Germanic language while the masculine nouns with u - stems prevailed .
Arzu Tan Sayan ( born 1973 in Arzu Tan ) is a World champion Turkish female former Taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the flyweight ( -47 kg ) class , and currently acting as a coach .
Beatrix Waring McCay ( 1901 -- 14 June 1972 ) was one of Victoria 's earliest Barristers and Magistrates , she was the second women to sign the Victorian Bar and the first female ' Reader ' of the Bar .
Anneli Drummond - Hay is a female show jumping winner of 1961 Burghley Horse Trials riding her horse Merely - a - Monarch .
Bruno Sroka ( born July 9 , 1976 in France ) is a French male kitesurfer and adventurer .
Eva Celbová - Ryšavá ( born March 8 , 1975 in Náchod ) is a female beach volleyball player from the Czech Republic , who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics : 2000 and 2004 .
María Rocío Ríos Pérez ( born March 13 , 1969 , León , Spain ) is a retired female long - distance runner from Spain , who represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the women 's marathon race , finishing in fifth place .
After the very famous song Mon amant de Saint - Jean ( my lover from Saint - Jean ) , in 1942 , Lucienne Delyle became the most popular French female singer of the 1950s .
Ivy May Pearce ( 8 June 1914 -- 26 April 1998 ) was one of the first female pilots in the southern hemisphere and a pioneer of the Gold Coast , Queensland ( Dwyer , N. 1998 ) .
Marvin Rolle ( born 15 November 1983 ) is a professional male tennis player from The Bahamas .
Nikhil Kanetkar ( born May 13 , 1979 ) is a male Maharashtrian badminton player from Pune India .
Oana Bondar ( née Herman , born 26 March 1983 ) is a Romanian female handballer who plays for ASC Corona Brașov and the Romanian national team .
Siriporn Thaweesuk ( often known by her name in the ring , Samson ) is a female light - flyweight boxing champion ( western boxing , not Muay Thai ) , from Thailand .
Andrew D’Souza ( born July 1 , 1994 ) is a male Canadian badminton player from Ottawa , Ontario .
Krystyna Strasz ( born 24 July 1987 ) is a Polish retired female volleyball player .
Wilma Rusman née Zukrowski ( born 14 May 1958 , Sittard ) is a retired female long - distance runner from the Netherlands .
Bobby Leach ( born 1858 in Cornwall , United Kingdom ; died April 26 , 1926 in New Zealand ) was the second person to go over Niagara Falls in a barrel , after Annie Taylor , and the first male to do so , accomplishing the feat on July 25 , 1911 .
Didem Akın , who is known as one of the best female Turkish basketball players of her time , has been working as a basketball team manager since 2005 .
Doszhan Kartikov is a male wrestler from Kazakhstan .
Khalida Shchegoleyeva ( Russian : Халида Щеголеева ; born 1933 ) is a former Soviet female speed skater .
Mary Shane ( May 17 , 1945 -- November 3 , 1987 ) was a pioneer in American sportscasting by becoming the first full - time female play by play broadcaster for a Major League Baseball team in 1977 .
Gertrude Barrows Bennett ( 1883 - -1948 ) was the first major female writer of fantasy and science fiction in the United States , publishing her stories under the pseudonym Francis Stevens .
Wang Libin ( Chinese : 王立彬 ; pinyin : Wáng Lìbīn ; born March 31 , 1963 in Shaanxi Province , People 's Republic of China ) is a former male Chinese basketball player and an active basketball coach .
The final icing on the cake may have come from Time magazine 's review : `` Stanwyck is satisfactory ... but the most noteworthy female member of the cast is Toshia Mori , a sloe - eyed Japanese girl ... ''
Andrés Vasconcellos Mathieu ( born February 23 , 1974 ) is a retired male freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Ecuador .
Hans Robert Liljequist ( born January 27 , 1971 in Helsinki ) is a retired male badminton player from Finland .
Tushar Patel ( b. 1978 ) is a male wheelchair athlete from the United Kingdom .
Madelaynne Montaño Caicedo ( born January 6 , 1983 in Tuluá , Valle del Cauca ) is a female volleyball player from Colombia , who win the silver medal at the 2012 FIVB Club World Championship playing with Fenerbahçe Istanbul .
Moona is a West African female rapper .
Carlo Mattioli ( born October 23 , 1954 in Pergola , Pesaro e Urbino ) is a retired male race walker from Italy , who represented his native country twice at the Olympic Games : 1984 and 1988 .
Jaroslavas Jakšto ( born 7 August 1980 ) is a male amateur boxer from Lithuania best known for winning super heavyweight bronze at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula , Croatia .
María Lavalle Urbina ( born May 24 , 1908 in Campeche , Campeche ) was a Mexican , died 1996 lawyer and politician who served as the first female president of the Mexican Senate .
Darwin Angeles Discua ( born 1968 - 10 - 22 ) is a retired male boxer from Honduras , who competed in the men 's light flyweight ( -- 48 kg ) and flyweight ( -- 51 kg ) division during his career .
Kateřina Bucková ( born 28 April 1978 ) is a retired Czech female volleyball player , who played as a middle blocker .
Andrew Kratzmann ( born 3 November 1971 in Murgon , Queensland , Australia ) was a professional male tennis player from Australia .
Daniel also awards the best junior female golfer in South Carolina with the `` Beth Daniel Award . ''
Terri Priest ( 1928 - -2014 ) was an artist best known for her depictions of Vermeer inspired female figures .
Patricia Demick ( born January 26 , 1972 in Viña del Mar , Chile ) is a female boxer .
Gordon ' Curly ' Mack was a male badminton player from Ireland .
Kaipkire was a female warrior of the Herero people in the 18th century .
Anibál Nieves Javier ( born November 11 , 1965 ) is retired male sport wrestler from Puerto Rico .
Artemy Volynsky was a male - line descendant of Prince Bobrok .
Aleksandra Avramović ( born 3 July 1982 ) is a Serbia and Montenegro female former volleyball player , playing as a middle - blocker .
Nilay Özdemir ( born 24 October 1985 in Salihli , Manisa Province , Turkey ) , formerly aka Nilay Benli , is a Turkish female volleyball player .
Agnes Bell Collier ( 31 January 1860 -- 2 January 1930 ) was a British mathematician who was a pioneer female mathematician , associated with Newnham College , Cambridge .
The Natchez were matrilineal , and while the paramount chief was a man , this title was inherited through his mother , the Female Sun . Tattooed Arm was the mother of Saint Cosme , the Great Sun , and the daughter of the previous female sun , `` White Woman '' ( died 1704 ) .
Mari Gerekmezyan ( Armenian : Մարի Գյուերեքմեզյան ; 1913 - -1945 ) is considered the first female sculptor of Turkey and the lover of the famous Turkish poet and painter Bedri Rahmi Eyüboğlu .
Joanna Smolarek ( born 26 November 1965 in Katowice , Śląskie ) is a former female track and field sprinter from Poland , who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Bjelica Novica ( born 31 March 1986 ) is a retired Serbia and Montenegro male volleyball player .
Author Diana Gabaldon credits watching Frazer Hines in the Doctor Who serial The War Games ( and finding him fetching in a kilt ) as the inspiration for setting her first novel , Outlander , in 18th - century Scotland , and for naming the novel 's male protagonist `` Jamie '' .
Taty Sumirah is a retired female badminton player of Indonesia .
Jennifer Sutton ( b. February 26 , 1969 ) is a former Canadian born female rugby union player .
Andrea DeShong ( born March 16 , 1962 in Mingo Junction , Ohio ) is a former United States female boxer who is best remembered for defeating Christy Martin in Martin 's fourth professional bout .
Joy De Vivre was the second female singer ( along with Eve Libertine ) of the anarcho - punk band Crass .
Fang Bo ( Chinese : 方博 ; pinyin : Fāng Bó ; born 9 January 1992 ) is a Chinese male table tennis player .
In 1993 , Waggoner was also the host of an infomercial , `` Let 's Talk With Lyle Waggoner '' , which advertised `` Y - bron '' , supposedly a natural product that would cure male impotence .
Fanny Rabel ( August 27 , 1922 in Poland -- November 25 , 2008 in Mexico City ) , born Fanny Rabinovich , was a Polish - born Mexican artist who is considered to be the first modern female muralist and one of the youngest associated with the Mexican muralism of the early to mid 20th century .
Bárbara Hechavarría ( born 6 August 1966 ) is a retired female discus thrower from Cuba .
Robyn Maher ( born 6 October 1959 ) is a retired female basketball player from Australia , who played for the Sydney Uni Flames .
Jenny Pavley ( born June 17 , 1976 in Agoura Hills , California ) is a female beach volleyball player from the United States , who won the silver medal in the women 's beach team competition at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg , Canada , partnering Marsha Miller .
Gottlieb Göttlich ( born Marie Rosine Göttlich ) was an intersex man in the 1800s who became well known for his condition , as it was the first time many medical practitioners had seen such a case .
Henry Norman Marrett ( born 15 December 1879 in Umballa ) was a male badminton player from England .
Iliseva Batibasaga ( born 23 March 1985 ) is a Fijian - Australian female rugby union player .
Clara Shortridge Foltz ( July 16 , 1849 -- September 2 , 1934 ) was the first female lawyer on the West Coast , and pioneered the idea of the public defender .
Carla Dunlap ( born October 22 , 1954 ) is a professional American female bodybuilding champion .
Sarah Benck ( born 28 March 1984 ) is a female musician from Omaha , Nebraska , and a visible figure in the Omaha Indie rock scene .
Agnes Osazuwa ( born June 26 , 1989 in Benin City , Edo ) is a female track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Nigeria .
Deng Xiaoling ( simplified Chinese : 邓小玲 ; traditional Chinese : 鄧小玲 ; pinyin : Dèng Xiǎolíng ; born August 26 , 1974 in Deyang , Sichuan ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Selma Yağcı ( February 1 , 1981 ) is a Turkish female boxer competing in the cruiserweight division .
Caroline de Oliveira Saad Gattaz , better known as Carol Gattaz ( born July 27 , 1981 ) , is a female volleyball player from Brazil .
Shi Hairong ( 施海荣 ) ( born 1977 - 03 - 27 in Nantong , Jiangsu ) is a male Chinese volleyball player .
Marco Marchei ( born 2 August 1954 in Castignano , Ascoli Piceno ) is a retired male long - distance runner from Italy .
Dimitrana Ivanova was denied to study law in Sofia because of this , but she became the first female to study pedagogy and philosophy in the University of Zürich .
Liu Qiuhong ( simplified Chinese : 刘秋宏 ; traditional Chinese : 劉秋宏 ; pinyin : Liú Qiūhóng ; born November 26 , 1988 in Mudanjiang , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female short track speed skater .
Manuel Chua ( born October 29 , 1980 ) is a Filipino male model and actor .
Qianhong Gotsch , born He Qianhong , is a former female table tennis player from Germany .
Georg Johan De Besche belonged to the group of male favorites of Gustav III consisting of Adolf Fredrik Munck , Gustaf Mauritz Armfelt , Fabian Wrede and the brothers Evert Vilhelm Taube and Karl Edvard Taube who was referred to as pet - youths .
Yuleidis Limonta Ramírez ( born March 14 , 1982 ) is a female heptathlete from Cuba .
Zīnah al - Sādāt Humāyūnī , also Alavīyah Humāyūnī , or Homayuni , ( born 1917 ) is a female religious scholar from Isfahan , Iran , who was the most prominent student of Iran 's leading mujtaheda of the 20th century , Banu Amin .
Irmgard Flügge - Lotz , née Irmgard Lotz ( 16 July 1903 -- 22 May 1974 ) was a German mathematician and engineer , best known for her work on the mathematics of aerodynamics , and for being the first female engineering professor at the Stanford University .
Tseng Shu - o ( Chinese : 曾淑娥 ; pinyin : Céng Shú'é ; born September 6 , 1984 in Tauyuan , Kaohsiung County -- now part of Kaohsiung City ) is a Taiwanese aboriginal female football player from the Bunun tribe .
Brock founded The Raheem Brock Student - Athlete Scholarship in 2007 , which was created with the intent of providing financial assistance to male and female students attending Dobbins C.T.E. High School pursuing a post - secondary education .
Jamile Samuel ( born 24 April 1992 ) is a female Dutch athlete sprinter , who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres .
Betül Cemre Yıldız ( born 16 May 1989 ) is a top female chess player from Turkey .
Badri Teymourtash ( 1911 - 1989 ) is considered the first female Iranian dentist .
Serpil İskenderoğlu ( born July 15 , 1982 , in Istanbul ) is a Turkish female handballer in the field player position .
Jing Ruixue ( 景瑞雪 , Jǐng Ruìxuě , born July 4 , 1988 in Xi'an ) is a female wrestler from China .
Betty Viana - Adkins ( born October 9 , 1971 ) is an Venezuelan professional female bodybuilder .
Ashley Rolfe is one of the United States Air Force female fighter pilots who qualified to fly McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle .
Still without a male heir , Aegeus asked the oracle at Delphi for advice .
Caroline Vakalahi ( b. January 4 , 1983 ) is a female rugby union player who plays for Australia .
Lee Zahner ( born 13 March 1974 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is a male beach volleyball player who represented Australia many times in including the 2000 Summer Olympics where he and team mate Julien Prosser ended up in 9th place .
Eva Jones - Young ( b. July 14 , 1964 , South Bend , Indiana ) , better known as Eva Jones or under her nickname Sweet Magic , is a former female boxer from the United States .
Andrea Mayr ( born October 15 , 1979 in Wels , Upper Austria ) is a female long - distance runner from Austria .
Mary Dillwyn ( 1816 - 1906 ) , claimed to be the earliest female photographer in Wales , took amateur photographs of flowers , animals , family and friends in the 1840s and 1850s .
Joy Levitt is an American rabbi and from 1987 to 1989 was the first female president of the Reconstructionist Rabbinical Association .
Tecla San Andres Ziga ( 23 August 1906 in Nueva Caceres ( now Naga , Camarines Sur ) -- 17 August 1992 in Manila ) was a female senator in the Philippines notable for being the first woman in the country to top the bar examination for law - degree graduates .
Zhou Shuxi ( Chinese : 周淑禧 ; pinyin : Zhōu Shūxǐ ; Wade -- Giles : Chou Shu - hsi ; 1624 - -1705 ) was a female Chinese painter in Qing Dynasty .
Dina Posada ( born 1946 , El Salvador ) is one of Central America 's best known contemporary poets since the publication of Fuego sobre el madero ( 1996 ) , a collection of poems that celebrate love , eroticism and the female body .
Carole Meyers was the first female rabbi in Southern California to lead a congregation full - time .
Charles Dantzig contributes to musée d'Orsay 's 2013 - 2014 `` Masculin Masculin '' exhibition on male nude with an essay on male nude in literature , `` Le Grand Absent '' .
Konstantinos Tsalkanis ( born 23 April 1982 ) is a male water polo goalkeeper from Greece .
Rosslyn Range ( born November 29 , 1933 ) is a male former long jumper from the United States , who competed in the 1950s .
In 1943 , Mabel Howard was elected Member of Parliament for Christchurch East at a by - election , becoming the fifth female MP .
Adile Sultan ( Turkish : Adile Sultan ; 23 May 1826 -- 12 February 1899 ) was an Ottoman princess , a female Diwan poet , and a philanthropist .
Ái Vân ( Hanoi , 1954 ) is a Vietnamese female singer .
Dewi Claire Schreefel ( born 12 November 1985 ) is a Dutch female professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour and formerly on the Futures Tour .
Judith Lang Zaimont has also done much to draw attention to the challenges of female composers .
Jerome Kersey ( June 26 , 1962 -- February 18 , 2015 ) was an American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
The 1985 Hewlett - Packard Trophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Hilversum , Netherlands .
Valentina Ivashova was married to Soviet film director Nikolai Ekk .
Tina Jolas , eds . Selected Poems of René Char .
Ropalidia fasciata , a common paper wasp , is a wide - ranging species that is distributed from India to the Lesser Sunda Islands , Palawan , and Ryukyu Islands , occupying the northern edge of Ropalidia 's larger distribution .
The Ceroxyloideae are a subfamily of flowering plants in the palm family found mainly in the Americas with an outlying genus in each of Australia , Madagascar , and the Comoros .
