author	Ecotopia Emerging (EE) by Ernest Callenbach is a fictionalized history of the events leading up to the secession of Northern California, Oregon, and Washington to form the steady-state, environmentalist nation of Ecotopia along the Pacific Coast of the United States.	Ecotopia Emerging	Ernest Callenbach
author	The Sound Pattern of English (frequently referred to as SPE) is a 1968 work on phonology (a branch of linguistics) by Noam Chomsky and Morris Halle.	The Sound Pattern of English	Noam Chomsky
author	My Cousin Rachel is a novel by British author Daphne du Maurier, published in 1951.	My Cousin Rachel	Daphne du Maurier
author	Azemia is a satirical novel, written by William Thomas Beckford, that was first published in 1797.	Azemia	William Thomas Beckford
author	Reversible Errors, published in 2002 (paperback edition by Picador, 2003) is Scott Turow's sixth novel, and like the others, set in fictional Kindle County.	Reversible Errors	Scott Turow
author	``Elle me contrôle'' is a song by French singer M. Pokora written and composed by Georges Padey, Kore & Skalp, Matt Pokora, Da Team and Sweety.	Elle me contrôle	M. Pokora	Kore & Skalp
author	The Diary of a Nobody is an English comic novel written by the brothers George and Weedon Grossmith, with illustrations by the latter.	The Diary of a Nobody	Weedon Grossmith
author	The Order of Vladimir, Third Class (Russian: Владимир третьей степени; Vladimir tret'jej stepeni) is an unfinished play by Nikolai Gogol, which he worked on between 1832 and 1834.	The Order of Vladimir, Third Class	Nikolai Gogol
author	The Secret of the League is a 1907 dystopian novel by Ernest Bramah, which describes the overthrow of a democratically-elected British Labour Party Government through a carefully prepared plot by members of the upper classes, and depicts such an overthrow as being a positive and desirable outcome.	The Secret of the League	Ernest Bramah
author	A Man Without a Country (subtitle: A Memoir Of Life In George W Bush's America) is an essay collection published in 2005 by the author Kurt Vonnegut.	A Man Without a Country	Kurt Vonnegut
author	Tomb of Horrors is an adventure module written by Gary Gygax for the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) role-playing game.	Tomb of Horrors	Gary Gygax
author	Phaladeepika is a treatise on Hindu astrology written by Mantreswara.	Phaladeepika	Mantreswara
author	Going Bovine is a 2009 surreal dark comedy novel by Libba Bray.	Going Bovine	Libba Bray
author	The Satin Slipper (Le Soulier de satin) is a long play by the French dramatist and poet Paul Claudel.	The Satin Slipper	Paul Claudel
author	Aún soltera is the first book of the Uruguayan Dani Umpi.	Aún soltera	Dani Umpi
author	Fontamara (fontaˈmaːra) is a 1933 novel by the Italian author Ignazio Silone, written when he was a refugee from the Fascist Police in Davos, Switzerland.	Fontamara	Ignazio Silone
author	Old Soldiers (2005) is a sequel novel to the short story ``With Your Shield'' by David Weber, published in the anthology Bolo!, edited by the same writer.	Old Soldiers	David Weber
author	The Last Boer War is a 1899 non-fiction book by H. Rider Haggard about the Boer War of 1881.	The Last Boer War	H. Rider Haggard
author	Journey to the Alcarria (Spanish: Viaje a la Alcarria) is a travel book by the Spanish Nobel Prize-winning author Camilo José Cela.	Journey to the Alcarria	Camilo José Cela
author	Empire of a Thousand Planets is volume two in the French comic book (or bande dessinée) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean-Claude Mézières.	Empire of a Thousand Planets	Pierre Christin
author	Sundown Beach is a 1948 play in two acts by American playwright Bessie Breuer.	Sundown Beach	Bessie Breuer
author	Martyn Pig is a thriller by Kevin Brooks, published on April 1, 2002 by The Chicken House and aimed at teens and young adults.	Martyn Pig	Kevin Brooks
author	Heaven Eyes is a young adult novel by award-winning author David Almond.	Heaven Eyes	David Almond
author	Reality and Dreams is a novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark, published in 1996.	Reality and Dreams	Muriel Spark
author	Titeuf is a Swiss comic series created by Zep in 1992, which was adapted into a 2001 animated TV series and a 2011 film of the same name.	Titeuf	Zep
author	Gypsy in Amber is a 1971 mystery novel by Martin Cruz Smith as ``Martin Smith''.	Gypsy in Amber	Martin Cruz Smith
author	The Street Lawyer is a legal thriller novel by John Grisham.	The Street Lawyer	John Grisham
author	Batman/The Spirit is a 2007 one-shot comic book written by Jeph Loeb with art by Darwyn Cooke and J. Bone.	Batman/The Spirit	Jeph Loeb
author	The Blood Spilt (Swedish: Det blod som spillts, 2004) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson, second in the Rebecka Martinsson series.	The Blood Spilt	Åsa Larsson
author	The Wellstone is a 2003 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy.	The Wellstone	Wil McCarthy
author	To Be the Man is an autobiographical book written by professional wrestler Ric Flair and Keith Elliot Greenberg, and edited by Mark Madden.	To Be the Man	Ric Flair	Keith Elliot Greenberg
author	Marnie is an English novel first published in 1961 which was written by Winston Graham.	Marnie	Winston Graham
author	Inspector Canardo is a comics series created by the Belgian artist Benoît Sokal.	Inspector Canardo	Benoît Sokal
author	The Solar System and Back (1970) is a collection of science essays by Isaac Asimov.	The Solar System and Back	Isaac Asimov
author	Existentialism and Humanism (French: L'existentialisme est un humanisme, ``Existentialism is a Humanism'') is a 1946 philosophical work by Jean-Paul Sartre.	Existentialism and Humanism	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	A Short, Sharp Shock (sometimes titled Short, Sharp Shock) is a 1990 fantasy novel by Kim Stanley Robinson.	A Short, Sharp Shock	Kim Stanley Robinson
author	Another Bullshit Night in Suck City is a memoir by playwright and poet Nick Flynn, describing Flynn's reunion with his estranged father, Jonathan, an alcoholic resident of the homeless shelter where Nick was a social worker in the late 1980s.	Another Bullshit Night in Suck City	Nick Flynn
author	Bill, the Galactic Hero is a satirical science fiction novel by Harry Harrison, first published in 1965.	Bill, the Galactic Hero	Harry Harrison
author	Seinlanguage is a 1993 book written by Jerry Seinfeld.	Seinlanguage	Jerry Seinfeld
author	A Fable is a 1954 novel written by the American author William Faulkner.	A Fable	William Faulkner
author	Doctor Gorpon is a 1991 three-issue comic book mini-series published by Malibu Comics, created by Marc Hansen.	Doctor Gorpon	Marc Hansen
author	Sum Practysis of Medecyne and other Short Works consists of a number of short poetic works customarily accredited to the Scottish poet Robert Henryson.	Sum Practysis of Medecyne and other Short Works	Robert Henryson
author	Liane the Wayfarer is the fourth short story in The Dying Earth (1950), a collection of fantasy short stories by Jack Vance.	Liane the Wayfarer	Jack Vance
author	The Beardless Warriors is a 1960 World War II novel written by Richard Matheson, author of I Am Legend.	The Beardless Warriors	Richard Matheson
author	Drayman Henschel (German: Führmann Henschell), also known as Carter Henschel, is an 1898 five-act naturalistic play by the German playwright Gerhart Hauptmann.	Drayman Henschel	Gerhart Hauptmann
author	The Feather Men is a 1991 novel by the British adventurer Sir Ranulph Fiennes.	The Feather Men	Ranulph Fiennes
author	The Mathematical Magpie is an anthology published in 1962, compiled by Clifton Fadiman as a companion volume to his Fantasia Mathematica (1958).	The Mathematical Magpie	Clifton Fadiman
author	Major Operation is a 1971 science fiction book by author James White and is the third volume in the Sector General series.	Major Operation	James White
author	Engelsfors is a Swedish young adult fantasy trilogy written by Mats Strandberg and Sara Bergmark Elfgren.	Engelsfors	Mats Strandberg	Sara Bergmark Elfgren
author	Confession of a Murderer (German: Beichte eines Mörders) is a 1936 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth.	Confession of a Murderer	Joseph Roth
author	The Wilderness Survival Guide is a supplement to the Advanced Dungeons and Dragons (AD&D) role-playing game, written by Kim Mohan and published by TSR, Inc. in 1986 (ISBN 088038-291-0).	Wilderness Survival Guide	Kim Mohan
author	The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia is a compendium of articles written by Michael Gray covering the life and work of Bob Dylan.	The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia	Michael Gray
author	The Regeneration Trilogy is a series of three novels by Pat Barker on the subject of the First World War.	Regeneration Trilogy	Pat Barker
author	Gotham Underground is a nine-issue limited series from DC Comics, written by Frank Tieri, with art by Jim Califiore.	Gotham Underground	Frank Tieri
author	To Say Nothing of the Dog: or, How We Found the Bishop's Bird Stump at Last is a 1997 comic science fiction novel by Connie Willis.	To Say Nothing of the Dog	Connie Willis
author	But Gentlemen Marry Brunettes is a 1927 novel written by Anita Loos.	But Gentlemen Marry Brunettes	Anita Loos
author	The Lady Daffodilia is a children's short story written by Evelyn Sharp and published in 1900 by John Lane.	The Lady Daffodilia	Evelyn Sharp
author	Pierre; or, The Ambiguities is a novel, the seventh book, by American writer Herman Melville, first published in New York in 1852.	Pierre; or, The Ambiguities	Herman Melville
author	Invitation to a Beheading (Russian: Приглашение на казнь, lit. Invitation to an execution) is a novel by Russian American author Vladimir Nabokov.	Invitation to a Beheading	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Alongside Night is a dystopian novel by science fiction writer J. Neil Schulman intended to articulate the principles of Agorism, a political philosophy created by Samuel Edward Konkin III, to whom Schulman dedicated the work.	Alongside Night	J. Neil Schulman
author	Zoobreak is a 2009 children's novel by Gordon Korman and is the sequel to the 2008 book Swindle.	Zoobreak	Gordon Korman
author	Simon the Coldheart is a novel by Georgette Heyer	Simon the Coldheart	Georgette Heyer
author	A Time to Keep Silence (1953) is a travel book by British author Patrick Leigh Fermor.	A Time to Keep Silence	Patrick Leigh Fermor
author	``The Cloak and the Staff'' is a science fiction novelette by Gordon R. Dickson.	The Cloak and the Staff	Gordon R. Dickson
author	Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse (also The Floyd Gottfredson Library) is a series of books collecting the first 25 years of the 45-year span of work by Floyd Gottfredson on the daily Mickey Mouse comic strip.	Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse	Floyd Gottfredson
author	``They're Made Out of Meat'' is a Nebula Award-nominated short story by Terry Bisson.	They're Made Out of Meat	Terry Bisson
author	The Iron Dragon's Daughter is a 1993 novel by writer Michael Swanwick that combines fantasy and science fiction.	The Iron Dragon's Daughter	Michael Swanwick
author	The Book of Drugs is a 2012 memoir by musician and songwriter Mike Doughty.	The Book of Drugs	Mike Doughty
author	De rerum natura (Latin: (deː ˈreːrũː naːˈtuːraː); On the Nature of Things) is a first-century BC didactic poem by the Roman poet and philosopher Lucretius (c. 99 BC -- c. 55 BC) with the goal of explaining Epicurean philosophy to a Roman audience.	De rerum natura	Lucretius
author	Bug Jack Barron is a 1969 science fiction novel written by Norman Spinrad, and was nominated for the 1970 Hugo awards.	Bug Jack Barron	Norman Spinrad
author	The Jubilee Book of Cricket is a classic work on Cricket by Prince K.S. Ranjitsinhji .	The Jubilee Book of Cricket	Ranjitsinhji
author	Silver Canyon is a novel written by Louis L'Amour set in south-central Utah Territory in 1881.	Silver Canyon	Louis L'Amour
author	Branded Outlaw is a Western adventure that takes place in the wild west of New Mexico, written by L. Ron Hubbard.	Branded Outlaw	L. Ron Hubbard
author	This High School Has Closets is a novel written by Robert Joseph Greene and published by Icon Empire Press in 2011 with a reprint the following year.	This High School Has Closets	Robert Joseph Greene
author	Sand Monkeys is a young adult novel by the Australian writer Joanne Horniman, who is known for novels centering on realistic depictions of people in unusual relationships.	Sand Monkeys	Joanne Horniman
author	Winner Take Nothing is a 1933 collection of short stories by Ernest Hemingway.	Winner Take Nothing	Ernest Hemingway
author	Mad Love Chase, is a manga by Kazusa Takashima.	Mad Love Chase	Kazusa Takashima
author	The Moonlit Road is a gothic horror short story written by Ambrose Bierce.	The Moonlit Road	Ambrose Bierce
author	Steps Along the Way is the spiritual autobiography of Diogenes Allen, professor emeritus at Princeton Theological Seminary.	Steps Along the Way	Diogenes Allen
author	Mr. Chas and Lisa Sue Meet the Pandas is a 1994 children's book written by Fran Lebowitz with illustrations by Michael Graves.	Mr. Chas and Lisa Sue Meet the Pandas	Fran Lebowitz
author	Marhi Da Deeva (Originally in Punjabi: ਮੜ੍ਹੀ ਦਾ ਦੀਵਾ, Literally meaning: The Lamp of the Tomb), sometimes spelled as Marhi Da Diva, is a 1964 Punjabi novel by Gurdial Singh.	Marhi Da Deeva	Gurdial Singh
author	The Whetstone of Witte is the shortened title of Robert Recorde's mathematics book published in 1557, the full title being The whetstone of witte, whiche is the seconde parte of Arithmetike: containyng thextraction of Rootes:	The Whetstone of Witte	Robert Recorde
author	A Modest Proposal for Preventing the Children of Poor People From Being a Burthen to Their Parents or Country, and for Making Them Beneficial to the Publick, commonly referred to as A Modest Proposal, is a Juvenalian satirical essay written and published anonymously by Jonathan Swift in 1729.	A Modest Proposal	Jonathan Swift
author	Tales of Nevèrÿon collects a preface (to the entire series) and five sword and sorcery stories by Samuel R. Delany; and finally an appendix.	Tales of Nevèrÿon	Samuel R. Delany
author	The Ambidextrous Universe is a popular science book by Martin Gardner (1914--2010) covering aspects of symmetry and asymmetry in human culture, science and the wider universe.	The Ambidextrous Universe	Martin Gardner
author	Les Thanatonautes (English: The Thanatonauts) is a 1994 science fiction novel by French writer Bernard Werber.	Les Thanatonautes	Bernard Werber
author	Mistral's Daughter is a 1984 American television miniseries, adapted from Judith Krantz's 1982 novel of the same name.	Mistral's Daughter	Judith Krantz
author	Castle Waiting is an Eisner Award winning comic book series created by Linda Medley.	Castle Waiting	Linda Medley
author	``I Ran Away with a Truck Driver'' is a 9-page romance comics story published in Teen-Age Romances, No. 23 by St. John Publishing in August 1952 with art (and possibly script) by Matt Baker.	I Ran Away with a Truck Driver	Matt Baker
author	The Fantastic Flying Journey (ISBN 1850291055) is a children's book written by Gerald Durrell.	The Fantastic Flying Journey	Gerald Durrell
author	The Haw Lantern (1987) is a collection of poems written by Irish poet Seamus Heaney, the recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1995.	The Haw Lantern	Seamus Heaney
author	The Fat Years is a 2009 Chinese science fiction novel written by Chan Koonchung.	The Fat Years	Chan Koonchung
author	Rakas Henrietta (Finnish: My Dear Henrietta) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.	Rakas Henrietta	Kaari Utrio
author	The History of Human Marriage is an 1891 book about the history of human marriage by the Finnish philosopher Edvard Westermarck, a classic in its field.	The History of Human Marriage	Edvard Westermarck
author	Le Bal des Voleurs (Thieves' Carnival) is a play written by French playwright Jean Anouilh, first staged at Théâtre des Arts, Paris on 17 August 1938.	Thieves' Carnival	Jean Anouilh
author	Night Lamp is a science fiction adventure novel by Jack Vance.	Night Lamp	Jack Vance
author	The Perilous Road is a novel, published in 1958 by William O. Steele.	The Perilous Road	William O. Steele
author	Dimension of Miracles is a 1968 satirical with elements of absurdism science-fiction novel by Robert Sheckley.	Dimension of Miracles	Robert Sheckley
author	The Tailor's Needle (2009) is the debut novel of Indian writer Lakshmi Raj Sharma, who is a professor in the Department of English, University of Allahabad.	The Tailor's Needle	Lakshmi Raj Sharma
author	Dreams of Speaking is a 2006 novel by Australian author Gail Jones.	Dreams of Speaking	Gail Jones
author	Being and Time (German: Sein und Zeit) is a 1927 book by the German philosopher Martin Heidegger.	Being and Time	Martin Heidegger
author	The Abhidhammavatara was written in Pali, apparently in the 5th century, by the poet and scholar Buddhadatta in the region of the Kaveri River, in southern India''.	Abhidhammavatara	Buddhadatta
author	The God Child is a crime novel by English author Paul Sayer published in 1996.	The God Child	Paul Sayer
author	In Praise of Cosmetics is the title given to Max Beerbohm's article in the first edition of ``The Yellow Book'' published in 1894.	In Praise of Cosmetics	Max Beerbohm
author	Gender Blender (ISBN 0-385-74696-2, 2006) is a young adult novel written by Blake Nelson.	Gender Blender	Blake Nelson
author	``Raleigh was Right'' is a poem by William Carlos Williams, composed in response to the Elizabethan exchange between Christopher Marlowe, in ``The Passionate Shepherd to His Love'', and Walter Raleigh, with ``The Nymph's Reply''.	Raleigh was Right	William Carlos Williams
author	Hungarian author Frigyes Karinthy's fantastic novel Capillaria (Hungarian: Capillária, 1921), which depicts an undersea world inhabited exclusively by women, recounts, in a satirical vein reminiscent of the style of Jonathan Swift (author of Gulliver's Travels), the first time that men and women experience sex with one another.	Capillaria	Frigyes Karinthy
author	Mr. Monk on the Couch is the twelfth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk.	Mr. Monk on the Couch	Lee Goldberg
author	Barbary Shore is Norman Mailer's second published novel, written after Mailer's great success with his 1948 debut The Naked and the Dead.	Barbary Shore	Norman Mailer
author	The Leavenworth Case (1878), subtitled A Lawyer's Story, is an American detective novel and the first novel by Anna Katharine Green.	The Leavenworth Case	Anna Katharine Green
author	Die Judenbuche (The Jew's Beech) is a novella written by Annette von Droste-Hülshoff and first published in 1842.	Die Judenbuche	Annette von Droste-Hülshoff
author	China Bomb is a near-future novel written by Richard Tregaskis.	China Bomb	Richard Tregaskis
author	The Sword of the Lady (2009) is an alternate history, post-apocalyptic novel by author S. M. Stirling.	The Sword of the Lady	S. M. Stirling
author	The Good Soldiers (2009) is a non-fiction book about the 2007 troop surge in Iraq written by David Finkel, chronicling the deployment of 2nd Battalion, 16th Infantry Regiment of the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, nicknamed ``Rangers'', under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Kauzlarich.	The Good Soldiers	David Finkel
author	A Room with a View is a 1908 novel by English writer E. M. Forster, about a young woman in the repressed culture of Edwardian era England.	A Room with a View	E. M. Forster
author	Extreme Metaphors is a collection of interviews with the British writer J. G. Ballard, edited by Simon Sellars and Dan O'Hara, and published in 2012.	Extreme Metaphors	J. G. Ballard
author	Indian Ink is a 1995 play by Tom Stoppard based on his 1991 radio play In the Native State.	Indian Ink	Tom Stoppard
author	The Man Who Walked Through Time (1968) is Colin Fletcher's chronicle of the first person to walk a continuous route through Grand Canyon National Park.	The Man Who Walked Through Time	Colin Fletcher
author	A Passage to India (1924) is a novel by English author E. M. Forster set against the backdrop of the British Raj and the Indian independence movement in the 1920s.	A Passage to India	E. M. Forster
author	Quamquam pluries is an encyclical on Saint Joseph by Pope Leo XIII.	Quamquam pluries	Leo XIII
author	``The Black Pits of Luna'' is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein about a Boy Scout on a trip to the Moon and his novel way of finding his lost brother.	The Black Pits of Luna	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Money and Friends is a 1991 Australian play written by David Williamson.	Money and Friends	David Williamson
author	``Till A’the Seas'' is a post-apocalyptic short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft and R. H. Barlow.	Till A’the Seas	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Memoirs of an Amnesiac is the autobiography of composer, radio, and television personality Oscar Levant.	The Memoirs of an Amnesiac	Oscar Levant
author	The Second Deadly Sin (Swedish: Till offer åt Molok, 2011) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson, fifth in the Rebecka Martinsson series.	The Second Deadly Sin	Åsa Larsson
author	The Sex Offender is a 1994 novel by Matthew Stadler.	The Sex Offender	Matthew Stadler
author	The Wolfen (1978) is the debut novel of Whitley Strieber.	The Wolfen	Whitley Strieber
author	Three Tall Women is a play by Edward Albee, which won the 1994 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, Albee's third.	Three Tall Women	Edward Albee
author	Carnivorous Plants of Australia is a three-volume work on carnivorous plants by Allen Lowrie.	Carnivorous Plants of Australia	Allen Lowrie
author	It's Not All Shrovetide for the Cat (Ne Vsyo Kotu Maslenitsa, Не всё коту масленица) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1871 and first published in the No.9, September 1871 issue of Otechestvennye Zapiski.	It's Not All Shrovetide for the Cat	Alexander Ostrovsky
author	Bhowani Junction is a 1954 novel by John Masters, which was the basis of a 1956 film starring Ava Gardner and Stewart Granger.	Bhowani Junction	John Masters
author	New Spring (abbreviated as NS by fans) is a prequel novel in the Wheel of Time fantasy series by American author Robert Jordan.	New Spring	Robert Jordan
author	David Graham's Down to a Sunless Sea (1979) is a post-apocalyptic novel about a planeload of people during and after a short nuclear war, set in a near-future world where the USA is critically short of oil.	Down to a Sunless Sea	David Graham
author	Silver Birch, Blood Moon is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Terri Windling and Ellen Datlow.	Silver Birch, Blood Moon	Terri Windling	Ellen Datlow
author	Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings is a 2006 humor novel and New York Times bestseller by Tyler Perry and focuses on his character of Madea.	Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings	Tyler Perry
author	The Gnome King of Oz (1927) is the twenty-first in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors, and the seventh by Ruth Plumly Thompson.	The Gnome King of Oz	Ruth Plumly Thompson
author	Csongor és Tünde is a Hungarian play, written by Mihály Vörösmarty.	Csongor és Tünde	Mihály Vörösmarty
author	Black Blossom (Serbian: Црни цвет / Crni cvet) is an epic high fantasy novel by Serbian writer Boban Knežević, published in 1993.	Black Blossom	Boban Knežević
author	Seven Types of Ambiguity is a work of literary criticism by William Empson which was first published in 1930.	Seven Types of Ambiguity	William Empson
author	On the Peace (Ancient Greek: Περὶ τῆς εἰρήνης) is one of the most famous political orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes.	On the Peace	Demosthenes
author	Streams of Silver is the second book in The Icewind Dale Trilogy, written by R. A. Salvatore.	Streams of Silver	R. A. Salvatore
author	The Structure of Liberty is a book by legal theorist Randy Barnett which offers a libertarian theory of law and politics.	The Structure of Liberty	Randy Barnett
author	Asia Overland by Mark Elliott and Wil Klass was an idiosyncratic book of the 1990s which developed a minor cult following amongst backpackers in Asia and the former Soviet Union.	Asia Overland	Mark Elliott
author	Crooked Zebra is a 2004 novel by former University of Texas college basketball coach Bob Weltlich.	Crooked Zebra	Bob Weltlich
author	The Loving Spirit was the first novel of Daphne du Maurier and was published in 1931 by William Heinemann.	The Loving Spirit	Daphne du Maurier
author	The Glorious Cause is a historical novel by author Jeff Shaara, a sequel to Rise to Rebellion and the conclusion to Shaara's retelling of the American Revolution.	The Glorious Cause	Jeff Shaara
author	Dubin's Lives is the seventh published novel by the American writer Bernard Malamud.	Dubin's Lives	Bernard Malamud
author	Back Story is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker, the 30th novel in his Spenser series.	Back Story	Robert B. Parker
author	All Time Top 1000 Albums is a book by Colin Larkin, creator and editor of the Encyclopedia of Popular Music.	All Time Top 1000 Albums	Colin Larkin
author	Age of Science (2005) is a book about the relationship between Islam and science in Age of Science by author and Egyptian-American scientist, and the winner of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Chemistry Ahmed Zewail.	Age of Science	Ahmed Zewail
author	The Sleeping and the Dead is an anthology of Fantasy and Horror stories edited by August Derleth.	The Sleeping and the Dead	August Derleth
author	The Giraffe and the Pelly and Me is a 1985 children's book written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake.	The Giraffe and the Pelly and Me	Roald Dahl
author	Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Barrie Roberts which pits Sherlock Holmes against an anarchist who is bombing trains.	Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac	Barrie Roberts
author	Ankare (lit. Anchors) is the seventh novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren.	Ankare	Klas Östergren
author	Mendel Gdański a short story by Polish poet and short-story writer Maria Konopnicka published for the first time in 1890 in the Przegląd Literacki magazine.	Mendel Gdański	Maria Konopnicka
author	The Dead Sea Scrolls Deception (1991, ISBN 0-671-73454-7) is a book by authors Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh.	The Dead Sea Scrolls Deception	Michael Baigent	Richard Leigh
author	The Last Fine Time is a 1991 book by American author Verlyn Klinkenborg about a blue collar Polish-American bar in Buffalo, New York, inherited by his father-in-law in 1947.	The Last Fine Time	Verlyn Klinkenborg
author	The Contortionist's Handbook is the debut novel by novelist Craig Clevenger.	The Contortionist's Handbook	Craig Clevenger
author	``The Man on the Threshold'' (original Spanish title ``El Hombre en el Umbral'') is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges.	The Man on the Threshold	Jorge Luis Borges
author	The Murder Book is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman.	The Murder Book	Jonathan Kellerman
author	Cally's War is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane, and is part of the Legacy of the Aldenata series.	Cally's War	John Ringo
author	The Mystery of the Clockwork Sparrow is the debut novel of British children's author Katherine Woodfine, initially published by Egmont Publishing in June 2015.	The Mystery of the Clockwork Sparrow	Katherine Woodfine
author	A God Strolling in the Cool of the Evening (Portuguese: Um Deus Passeando Pela Brisa da Tarde) is a historical novel by the Portuguese writer Mario de Carvalho, set in the Roman province of Lusitania during the reign of Roman Emperor Commodus.	A God Strolling in the Cool of the Evening	Mario de Carvalho
author	The Sons of Avalon Saga is a series of Arthurian Legend novels, by American novelist, Dee Marie.	The Sons of Avalon Saga	Dee Marie
author	Maybe the Moon is a 1992 novel written by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin.	Maybe the Moon	Armistead Maupin
author	The Original of Laura is the incomplete novel by Vladimir Nabokov, which he was writing at the time of his death in 1977.	The Original of Laura	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Voice of the Whirlwind is a 1987 cyberpunk science fiction novel by Walter Jon Williams.	Voice of the Whirlwind	Walter Jon Williams
author	The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane is the first novel written by Katherine Howe, published by VOICE, an imprint of Hyperion (publisher).	The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane	Katherine Howe
author	Flambard's Confession is an historical novel written by the American author Marilyn Durham.	Flambard's Confession	Marilyn Durham
author	Goals in the Air is a 1972 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle.	Goals in the Air	Michael Hardcastle
author	The Rise of Silas Lapham is a realist novel by William Dean Howells published in 1885.	The Rise of Silas Lapham	William Dean Howells
author	The White Doe or The Doe in the Woods is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy.	The White Doe	Madame d'Aulnoy
author	The Stars Look Down is a 1935 novel by A. J. Cronin which chronicles various injustices in an English coal mining community.	The Stars Look Down	A. J. Cronin
author	Histoire naturelle des poissons is a 22-volume treatment of ichthyology published in 1828-1849 by the French savant Georges Cuvier (1769-1832) and his student and successor Achille Valenciennes (1794-1865).	Histoire naturelle des poissons	Georges Cuvier
author	Girls Forever Brave and True (also known as Girls No More) is a 1986 fiction novel written by Caryl Rivers.	Girls Forever Brave and True	Caryl Rivers
author	Death of a Train is a crime novel by Freeman Wills Crofts, published in 1946.	Death of a Train	Freeman Wills Crofts
author	Expedition Venus is a juvenile science fiction novel, the fifth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series.	Expedition Venus	Hugh Walters
author	The Eternal Lover is an Edgar Rice Burroughs fantasy-adventure novel.	The Eternal Lover	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Agésilas is a play written by Pierre Corneille and published in 1666.	Agésilas	Pierre Corneille
author	Eve's Ransom is a novel by George Gissing, first published in 1895 as a serialisation in the Illustrated London News.	Eve's Ransom	George Gissing
author	Archer at Large is an omnibus of Ross Macdonald's Lew Archer novels, first published by Knopf in 1970.	Archer at Large	Ross Macdonald
author	Last of the Amazons is a novel by Steven Pressfield that recounts the legend of Theseus and the Amazons, set before the threshold of recorded history, a generation before the Trojan War.	Last of the Amazons	Steven Pressfield
author	The Man Who Won the War (1936) is a short story by Robert Buckner.	The Man Who Won the War	Robert Buckner
author	88 Poems is a book of the collected poetry of author Ernest Hemingway, published in 1979.	88 Poems	Ernest Hemingway
author	Lords of the Rim is a book written by American historian Sterling Seagrave.	Lords of the Rim	Sterling Seagrave
author	Sister Pelagia is the heroine of a trilogy of mystery novels by Boris Akunin.	Sister Pelagia	Boris Akunin
author	Bodyguard of Lies is a 1975 non-fiction book written by Anthony Cave Brown, his first major historical work.	Bodyguard of Lies	Anthony Cave Brown
author	So Vile a Sin is an original novel written by Ben Aaronovitch & Kate Orman and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	So Vile a Sin	Ben Aaronovitch
author	69 Things to Do with a Dead Princess is an experimental novel by the British writer Stewart Home, first published by Canongate in 2002.	69 Things to Do with a Dead Princess	Stewart Home
author	The Root Cellar is a children's historical novel by Janet Lunn that is set in the 1980s, although much of the action takes place in the 1860s.	The Root Cellar	Janet Lunn
author	The Grand Wheel is the eighth science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley.	The Grand Wheel	Barrington J. Bayley
author	Until I Find You (2005) is the 11th published novel by John Irving.	Until I Find You	John Irving
author	The Metamorphoses of Apuleius -- which St. Augustine referred to as The Golden Ass (Asinus aureus) -- is the only Ancient Roman novel in Latin to survive in its entirety.	The Golden Ass	Apuleius
author	Super-Cannes is a novel by the British author J. G. Ballard, published in 2000.	Super-Cannes	J. G. Ballard
author	A New Era of Thought is a non-fiction work written by Charles Howard Hinton, was published in 1888 and reprinted in 1900 by Swan Sonnenschein & Co. Ltd., London.	A New Era of Thought	Charles Howard Hinton
author	``Born of Man and Woman'' is a science fiction short story by American writer Richard Matheson, originally published in 1950 in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.	Born of Man and Woman	Richard Matheson
author	The Halfling's Gem is the third book in The Icewind Dale Trilogy, written by R. A. Salvatore.	The Halfling's Gem	R. A. Salvatore
author	Fields, Factories and Workshops: or Industry Combined with Agriculture and Brain Work with Manual Work (Russian: Поля, фабрики и мастерские) is a landmark anarchist text by Peter Kropotkin, and arguably one of the most influential and positive statements of the anarchist political philosophy.	Fields, Factories and Workshops	Peter Kropotkin
author	Episodes of the Cuban Revolutionary War also titled Reminiscences of the Cuban Revolutionary War is an autobiographical book by Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara about his experiences during the Cuban Revolution (1956-1958) to overthrow the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista.	Episodes of the Cuban Revolutionary War	Che Guevara
author	``Lips to Lips'' is a short story written in Russian by Vladimir Nabokov in Berlin in or about 1931.	Lips to Lips	Vladimir Nabokov
author	The Word of a Gentleman (1981) (later retitled Undercut) was the third of five novels written by Peter Niesewand, the South African journalist who spent 73 days in solitary confinement for his coverage of Ian Smith's government in Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe).	The Word of a Gentleman	Peter Niesewand
author	``The Reluctant Orchid'' is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke, first published in 1956, and later anthologized in Tales from the White Hart.	The Reluctant Orchid	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Pubis Angelical is a 1979 novel by acclaimed Argentine novelist Manuel Puig.	Pubis Angelical	Manuel Puig
author	Dirty Politics, subtitled ``How attack politics is poisoning New Zealand's political environment'', is a book by Nicky Hager published in August 2014.	Dirty Politics	Nicky Hager
author	Polonia sive de situ, populis, moribus, magistratibus et Republica regni Polonici libri duo is a book by Marcin Kromer, first published in Cologne in 1577 in Latin.	Polonia sive de situ, populis, moribus, magistratibus et Republica regni Polonici libri duo	Marcin Kromer
author	Mad Toy (original title: El juguete rabioso: ``The rabid toy'') is the first novel of Argentinean author Roberto Arlt.	Mad Toy	Roberto Arlt
author	Lectures on Aesthetics (LA; German: Vorlesungen über die Ästhetik) is a compilation of notes from university lectures on aesthetics given by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel in Heidelberg in 1818 and in Berlin in 1820/21, 1823, 1826 and 1828/29.	Lectures on Aesthetics	Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
author	Fengsu Tongyi (Chinese: 風俗通義; literally: ``Comprehensive Meaning of Customs and Habits''), also known as Fengsu Tong, is a book written about 195 AD by Ying Shao, who lived during the later Eastern Han period.	Fengsu Tongyi	Ying Shao
author	``Letter to a Priest'' (French: Lettre à un religieux) is a letter containing thirty-five, ``expressions of opinion on matters concerning Catholic faith, dogma and institutions'', by the French religious and social philosopher and mystic Simone Weil.	Letter to a Priest	Simone Weil
author	The 3rd edition Draconomicon was designed by Andy Collins, Skip Williams, and James Wyatt, and published in November 2003.	Draconomicon	Skip Williams	James Wyatt
author	Montana 1948 is a 1993 novella by Larry Watson.	Montana 1948	Larry Watson
author	Attack of the Mutant Underwear is a 2003 novel by children's author Tom Birdseye.	Attack of the Mutant Underwear	Tom Birdseye
author	How to Take Possession of the Blessing is a 1987 book written by Romildo Ribeiro Soares.	How to Take Possession of the Blessing	Romildo Ribeiro Soares
author	Salem Falls is a 2001 novel by Jodi Picoult about what happens to a person when he is given a label and not allowed to escape it.	Salem Falls	Jodi Picoult
author	With Fire and Sword (Polish: Ogniem i mieczem) is a historical novel by the Polish author Henryk Sienkiewicz, published in 1884.	With Fire and Sword	Henryk Sienkiewicz
author	The Lesson of the Master is a novella written by Henry James, originally published in 1888.	The Lesson of the Master	Henry James
author	Killing Aurora is a novel by Helen Barnes about a girl with anorexia.	Killing Aurora	Helen Barnes
author	The Gun Seller (1996) is the first novel by English actor, musician, comedian, and writer Hugh Laurie.	The Gun Seller	Hugh Laurie
author	Encyclopedia of American Religions, renamed Melton's Encyclopedia of American Religions in the eighth edition, is a reference book by J. Gordon Melton first published in 1978, by Consortium Books, A McGrath publishing company.	Encyclopedia of American Religions	J. Gordon Melton
author	Starship Troupers is a science fiction series of novels by American author Christopher Stasheff.	Starship Troupers	Christopher Stasheff
author	Night Chills is a suspense novel by best-selling author Dean Koontz originally published in 1976.	Night Chills	Dean Koontz
author	Peveril of the Peak (1823) is the longest novel by Sir Walter Scott.	Peveril of the Peak	Walter Scott
author	``Falling Onto Mars'' is a science fiction short story written in 2002 by Geoffrey A. Landis.	Falling Onto Mars	Geoffrey A. Landis
author	A Grave Talent (1993) is the first book in Laurie R. King's Kate Martinelli series.	A Grave Talent	Laurie R. King
author	A Thousand Lies is a novel by British crime writer Laura Wilson, first published in 2006.	A Thousand Lies	Laura Wilson
author	Coelebs in Search of a Wife (1809) is a novel by the British Christian moralist Hannah More.	Coelebs in Search of a Wife	Hannah More
author	Sylvia's Lovers (1863) is a novel written by Elizabeth Gaskell, which she called ``the saddest story I ever wrote''.	Sylvia's Lovers	Elizabeth Gaskell
author	The Devil's Dictionary is a satirical dictionary written by American journalist and author Ambrose Bierce.	The Devil's Dictionary	Ambrose Bierce
author	The Cageworld series is a science fiction series by Colin Kapp which takes place in a distant future where humanity lives on nested Dyson spheres.	Cageworld series	Colin Kapp
author	Sandworms of Dune is the second of two novels written by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson to conclude Frank Herbert's original Dune series of novels based on notes left behind by Frank Herbert for Dune 7, his own planned seventh novel in the Dune series.	Sandworms of Dune	Brian Herbert	Kevin J. Anderson
author	Anne of the Island is the third book in the Anne of Green Gables series, written by Lucy Maud Montgomery about Anne Shirley.	Anne of the Island	Lucy Maud Montgomery
author	Blood's a Rover is a 2009 crime fiction novel by American author James Ellroy.	Blood's a Rover	James Ellroy
author	A Drunken Dream and Other Stories is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Moto Hagio, collecting a variety of her short stories originally from 1970--2007.	A Drunken Dream and Other Stories	Moto Hagio
author	Platero is a little donkey, main character of Platero y yo (Spanish for Platero and I), one of Juan Ramón Jiménez's most popular works.	Platero	Juan Ramón Jiménez
author	Grantville Gazette II is the third collaborative anthology published in print set in the 1632-verse shared universe in what is best regarded as a canonical sub-series of the popular alternate history that began with the February 2000 publication of the hardcover novel 1632 by author-historian Eric Flint.	Grantville Gazette II	Eric Flint
author	The Clayhanger Family is a series of novels by Arnold Bennett, published between 1910 and 1918.	The Clayhanger Family	Arnold Bennett
author	Rabble Starkey (1987) is a novel by Lois Lowry.	Rabble Starkey	Lois Lowry
author	El licenciado Vidriera (``The Lawyer of Glass'') is a short story written by Miguel de Cervantes and included in his Novelas ejemplares, first published in 1613.	El licenciado Vidriera	Miguel de Cervantes
author	Mookajjiya Kanasugalu (English: Dreams of Mookajji) is a 1968 Kannada epic novel written by K. Shivaram Karanth.	Mookajjiya Kanasugalu	K. Shivaram Karanth
author	Welcome to Our Hillbrow, is a novel by South African novelist Phaswane Mpe which deals with issues of xenophobia, AIDS, tradition, and inner city status in the Hillbrow neighborhood of post-apartheid Johannesburg.	Welcome to Our Hillbrow	Phaswane Mpe
author	Young Hearts Crying is the penultimate novel of American writer Richard Yates.	Young Hearts Crying	Richard Yates
author	Epitaph for George Dillon is an early John Osborne play, one of two he wrote in collaboration with Anthony Creighton (the other is Personal Enemy).	Epitaph for George Dillon	Anthony Creighton
author	Tales of the Crusaders is a series of two historical novels by Sir Walter Scott released in 1825:	Tales of the Crusaders	Walter Scott
author	The Killings at Badger's Drift (1987) is a mystery novel by English writer Caroline Graham, the first in her Chief Inspector Barnaby series.	The Killings at Badger's Drift	Caroline Graham
author	Commentarii de Bello Civili (Commentaries on the Civil War), or Bellum Civile, is an account written by Julius Caesar of his war against Gnaeus Pompeius and the Senate.	Commentarii de Bello Civili	Julius Caesar
author	The Dragon Lord is a historical fantasy or sword and sorcery novel by American writer David Drake.	The Dragon Lord	David Drake
author	The Last Sin Eater is a 1998 Christian book by the American author Francine Rivers.	The Last Sin Eater	Francine Rivers
author	Multidimensional Measurement of Religiousness/Spirituality for Use in Health Research is a report, originally published in 1999, by a Fetzer Institute / National Institute on Aging working group on the measurement of religion and spirituality.	Multidimensional Measurement of Religiousness/Spirituality for Use in Health Research	Fetzer Institute	National Institute on Aging
author	The Bellmaker is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1994.	The Bellmaker	Brian Jacques
author	Lemonade Mouth is a young adult novel by Mark Peter Hughes, published in 2007 by Delacorte Press.	Lemonade Mouth	Mark Peter Hughes
author	Mengele Zoo is a novel from 1989 by the Norwegian author Gert Nygårdshaug.	Mengele Zoo	Gert Nygårdshaug
author	The Brotherhood of Fear is a 1952 political novel by Robert Ardrey.	The Brotherhood of Fear	Robert Ardrey
author	Starswarm is a 1998 science fiction novel by Jerry Pournelle.	Starswarm	Jerry Pournelle
author	The New Journalism is a 1973 anthology of journalism edited by Tom Wolfe and E. W. Johnson.	The New Journalism	Tom Wolfe
author	The Gospel According to Jesus Christ (original title: O Evangelho Segundo Jesus Cristo, 1991) is a novel by the Portuguese author José Saramago.	The Gospel According to Jesus Christ	José Saramago
author	The Aesthetics of Resistance (German: Die Ästhetik des Widerstands, 1975-1981) is a three-volume novel by the German-born playwright, novelist, filmmaker, and painter Peter Weiss.	The Aesthetics of Resistance	Peter Weiss
author	Melmoth the Wanderer is an 1820 Gothic novel by Irish playwright, novelist and clergyman Charles Maturin.	Melmoth the Wanderer	Charles Maturin
author	Driftless a winner of the Milkweed Editions National Fiction Prize, is a novel by David Rhodes that was published in 2008.	Driftless	David Rhodes
author	The Bachman Books is a collection of short novels by Stephen King published under the pseudonym Richard Bachman between 1977 and 1982.	The Bachman Books	Stephen King
author	First Lord's Fury is a 2009 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher.	First Lord's Fury	Jim Butcher
author	The Stars Are Ours! is a 1954 science fiction novel written by Andre Norton.	The Stars Are Ours!	Andre Norton
author	The Enemies of Jupiter is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published on 6 November 2003 by Orion Books.	The Enemies of Jupiter	Caroline Lawrence
author	Ravelstein is Saul Bellow's final novel.	Ravelstein	Saul Bellow
author	Aunt Jane's Nieces and Uncle John is a young-adult novel written by L. Frank Baum, famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. It is the sixth volume in the ten-book series Aunt Jane's Nieces, Baum's greatest commercial success after the Oz books themselves.	Aunt Jane's Nieces and Uncle John	L. Frank Baum
author	A Tale of Time City was first published in 1987 by British author Diana Wynne Jones.	A Tale of Time City	Diana Wynne Jones
author	Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me (Spanish: Mañana en la batalla piensa en mí) by Javier Marías was first published in 1994.	Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me	Javier Marías
author	What Did the Biblical Writers Know and When Did They Know It? is a book by biblical scholar and archaeologist William G. Dever detailing his response to the claims of minimalists to the historicity and value of the Hebrew Bible.	What Did the Biblical Writers Know and When Did They Know It?	William G. Dever
author	Beowulf and the Critics by J. R. R. Tolkien is a book edited by Michael D. C. Drout that presents scholarly editions of the two manuscript versions of Tolkien's essays or lecture series ``Beowulf and the Critics'', which served as the basis for the much shorter 1936 lecture ``Beowulf:	Beowulf and the Critics	J. R. R. Tolkien	Michael D. C. Drout
author	Etymologiae (Latin for ``The Etymologies''), also known as the Origines (``Origins'') and usually abbreviated Orig., is an etymological encyclopedia compiled by Isidore of Seville (c. 560--636) towards the end of his life.	Etymologiae	Isidore of Seville
author	Duncton Wood is the title of the first novel by author William Horwood, as well as a six-volume fantasy series to which it was later extended.	Duncton Wood	William Horwood
author	C Primer Plus (currently in the 6th Edition) is a book by Stephen Prata meant for beginners to the C programming language.	C Primer Plus	Stephen Prata
author	Ghostgirl is the debut novel from author and filmmaker Tonya Hurley.	Ghostgirl	Tonya Hurley
author	The Kidnapping of Kensington is a children's novel by Richard Hough under the pen name of Bruce Carter.	The Kidnapping of Kensington	Richard Hough
author	Cloud of Sparrows (2002) is the first historic novel by author Takashi Matsuoka featuring the struggle of Genji, the young Great Lord of Akaoka, in the year 1861.	Cloud of Sparrows	Takashi Matsuoka
author	Gaston de Blondeville is a Gothic novel by noted English author Ann Radcliffe, published posthumously in 1826, three years after Radcliffe's death.	Gaston de Blondeville	Ann Radcliffe
author	The Case of Lady Sannox is a short story by Sir Arthur Conan-Doyle that features an arrogant surgeon, Douglas Stone, who is in love with the married Lady Sannox, one of the most beautiful women in London.	The Case of Lady Sannox	Arthur Conan-Doyle
author	Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus (1993) is a book written by an American author and relationship counselor John Gray.	Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus	John Gray
author	The False Inspector Dew is a humorous crime novel by Peter Lovesey.	The False Inspector Dew	Peter Lovesey
author	The King's Curse is a 2014 historical novel by Philippa Gregory, part of her series The Cousins' War.	The King's Curse	Philippa Gregory
author	The Basic Eight is the debut novel by author Daniel Handler published in 1998.	The Basic Eight	Daniel Handler
author	Le Père de famille (English: The Father of the family) is a 1758 play by Denis Diderot.	Le Père de famille	Denis Diderot
author	The Sex Magicians is the first novel by Robert Anton Wilson, released in 1973.	The Sex Magicians	Robert Anton Wilson
author	Darkness Under the Sun is a 2010 novella by Dean Koontz which is related to and appeared in print as part of What the Night Knows.	Darkness Under the Sun	Dean Koontz
author	``Of Missing Persons'' is a 1955 science fiction short story by Jack Finney, which describes a burned-out bank teller named Charley Ewell living in 1955 New York City who receives a chance to emigrate from Earth to Verna, a lush, earthlike planet light-years away.	Of Missing Persons	Jack Finney
author	Love, Loss, and What I Wore is a play written by Nora and Delia Ephron based on the 1995 book of the same name by Ilene Beckerman.	Love, Loss, and What I Wore	Delia Ephron
author	The Mask of Loki (1990) is an epic science fiction/fantasy novel by Roger Zelazny and Thomas T. Thomas, detailing a centuries long struggle between the avatars of Loki and Ahriman.	The Mask of Loki	Roger Zelazny
author	Sunset Over Chocolate Mountains is the critically acclaimed first novel by English author Susan Elderkin published by Fourth Estate, It won a Betty Trask Award in 2000.	Sunset Over Chocolate Mountains	Susan Elderkin
author	Sofia Petrovna is a novella by Russian author Lydia Chukovskaya, written in the late 1930s in the Soviet Union.	Sofia Petrovna	Lydia Chukovskaya
author	Berömda män som varit i Sunne (lit. Famous Men Who Have Visited Sunne) is a 1998 novel by Swedish author Göran Tunström about Sunne.	Berömda män som varit i Sunne	Göran Tunström
author	The Last and the First is Ivy Compton-Burnett's posthumous novel, published in 1971, two years after her death.	The Last and the First	Ivy Compton-Burnett
author	Skybowl is a 1994 fantasy novel written by author Melanie Rawn.	Skybowl	Melanie Rawn
author	The Fox and the Grapes is one of the Aesop's fables, numbered 15 in the Perry Index.	The Fox and the Grapes	Aesop
author	Lyra's Oxford is a short book by Philip Pullman depicting an episode involving the heroine of His Dark Materials, Pullman's best-selling trilogy.	Lyra's Oxford	Philip Pullman
author	Pride of Baghdad is a graphic novel written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Niko Henrichon released by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint on September 13, 2006.	Pride of Baghdad	Brian K. Vaughan
author	Under the Frog is British-born Hungarian writer Tibor Fischer's debut novel, it was published in 1992.	Under the Frog	Tibor Fischer
author	The Tough Guide To Fantasyland is a nonfiction book by the British author Diana Wynne Jones that humorously examines the common tropes of a broad swathe of fantasy fiction.	The Tough Guide To Fantasyland	Diana Wynne Jones
author	Children of Dune is a 1976 science fiction novel by Frank Herbert, the third in his Dune series of six novels.	Children of Dune	Frank Herbert
author	The Cruelest Month, by Louise Penny, is the third novel in the Three Pines Mysteries series, which feature Inspector Armand Gamache.	The Cruelest Month	Louise Penny
author	A Prisoner of Birth is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer, first published on 6 March 2008 by Macmillan.	A Prisoner of Birth	Jeffrey Archer
author	Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver (original title: Jim Knopf und Lukas der Lokomotivführer) is a German children's novel written by Michael Ende.	Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver	Michael Ende
author	Knight Life (ISBN 0-441-01077-6), is an Arthurian fantasy novel by Peter David.	Knight Life	Peter David
author	Stuck in Fast Forward, also known as The Hunger of Time in an expanded edition, is a 1999 young-adult science fiction novel by Damien Broderick & Rory Barnes.	Stuck in Fast Forward	Damien Broderick	Rory Barnes
author	His at Night is a historical romance by Sherry Thomas.	His at Night	Sherry Thomas
author	A Protégée of the Mistress (Vospitannitsa, Воспитанница; also, The Ward Girl) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky, first published in the No.1, January 1859 issue of Biblioteka Dlya Chteniya.	A Protégée of the Mistress	Alexander Ostrovsky
author	Heirs of Empire is a 1996 military science fiction novel by David Weber.	Heirs of Empire	David Weber
author	Runemarks is a 2007 fantasy novel by Joanne Harris.	Runemarks	Joanne Harris
author	Mr Noon is an unfinished novel by the English writer, D. H. Lawrence.	Mr Noon	D. H. Lawrence
author	Swastika Night is a futuristic novel by Katharine Burdekin, writing under the pseudonym Murray Constantine, first published in 1937.	Swastika Night	Katharine Burdekin
author	Tribes of Redwall Otters was published in 2002 as an accessory to the Redwall series by Brian Jacques.	Tribes of Redwall Otters	Brian Jacques
author	Hope for the Flowers is an allegorical novel by Trina Paulus.	Hope for the Flowers	Trina Paulus
author	Biloxi Blues is a semi-autobiographical play by Neil Simon.	Biloxi Blues	Neil Simon
author	Dandelion Fire is a 2009 children's fantasy novel by N. D. Wilson.	Dandelion Fire	N. D. Wilson
author	Written by the Dutch philosopher Baruch Spinoza, the Tractatus Theologico-Politicus or Theologico-Political Treatise was one of the most controversial texts of the early modern period.	Tractatus Theologico-Politicus	Baruch Spinoza
author	Exploding Head is the second album from the noise rock band A Place to Bury Strangers.	Exploding Head	A Place to Bury Strangers
author	The Angel's Game (El juego del ángel, 2008) is a prequel to 2001's The Shadow of the Wind by Spanish author Carlos Ruiz Zafón.	The Angel's Game	Carlos Ruiz Zafón
author	Joey Pigza Loses Control, is a Newbery Honor book by Jack Gantos and is the sequel to Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key.	Joey Pigza Loses Control	Jack Gantos
author	M or F? is a 2005 novel for young adults co-written by Lisa Papademetriou and Chris Tebbetts.	M or F?	Lisa Papademetriou
author	A Mouthful of Birds is a 1986 play with dance by Caryl Churchill and David Lan, with choreography by Ian Spink.	A Mouthful of Birds	Caryl Churchill
author	The Trials of Rumpole is a collection of short stories by John Mortimer adapted from scripts for his TV series about Horace Rumpole.	The Trials of Rumpole	John Mortimer
author	Anna Mercury is a comic book limited series created by Warren Ellis, published by Avatar Press, with art by Facundo Percio.	Anna Mercury	Warren Ellis
author	The Third Option is Vince Flynn's third novel, and the 2nd to feature Mitch Rapp, an American agent that works for the CIA as an operative for a covert counterterrorism unit called the ``Orion Team.''	The Third Option	Vince Flynn
author	Sleepwalking Land (in Portuguese: Terra Sonâmbula) is a novel written by Mia Couto, a Mozambican writer, first published in Portuguese in 1992 and translated into English by David Brookshaw in 2006.	Sleepwalking Land	Mia Couto
author	Places I Never Meant to Be is a book edited by Judy Blume and first published in 1999.	Places I Never Meant to Be	Judy Blume
author	Death of a Red Heroine is a mystery novel written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in English in the year 2000.	Death of a Red Heroine	Qiu Xiaolong
author	The Turner Diaries is a 1978 novel by William Luther Pierce (founder of the white nationalist organization National Alliance), published under the pseudonym ``Andrew Macdonald''.	The Turner Diaries	William Luther Pierce
author	Vienna Prelude is the first book of the Zion Covenant historical fiction series by Bodie and Brock Thoene.	Vienna Prelude	Bodie and Brock Thoene
author	The Yemassee: a romance of Carolina is an 1835 novel by William Gilmore Simms that was a popular bestseller of its time, and Simms' best known novel.	The Yemassee	William Gilmore Simms
author	The Counterfeit Man is a collection of science fiction short stories by Alan E. Nourse, published in 1963 by David McKay.	The Counterfeit Man	Alan E. Nourse
author	Stranger with My Face is a young-adult horror novel by Lois Duncan, first published in 1981.	Stranger with My Face	Lois Duncan
author	L'Esclusa (Italian pronunciation: (leˈskluːza)) (English: The Excluded Woman) was Luigi Pirandello's first novel.	L'Esclusa	Luigi Pirandello
author	Through Black Spruce is a novel by Canadian writer Joseph Boyden, published in 2008 by Viking Press.	Through Black Spruce	Joseph Boyden
author	The Best of Science Fiction, published in 1946, is the first of more than forty science fiction anthologies edited by Groff Conklin.	The Best of Science Fiction	Groff Conklin
author	Medieval Children is a book on the history of childhood written by English historian Nicholas Orme in 2001.	Medieval Children	Nicholas Orme
author	A Conspiracy of Friends is the third online novel by Alexander McCall Smith, author of the The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series.	A Conspiracy of Friends	Alexander McCall Smith
author	``On Exactitude in Science'' or ``On Rigor in Science'' (the original Spanish-language title is ``Del rigor en la ciencia'') is a one-paragraph short story by Jorge Luis Borges, about the map-territory relation, written in the form of a literary forgery.	On Exactitude in Science	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Leaving Fishers (1997) is a young adult novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix centering on a high school girl, Dorry Stevens, and her descent into and escape from a cult called The Fishers of Men.	Leaving Fishers	Margaret Peterson Haddix
author	Manituana is a novel by Wu Ming first published in Italian in 2007.	Manituana	Wu Ming
author	The original Arms and Equipment Guide was designed by Grant Boucher, Troy Christensen, Jon Pickens, John Terra, and Scott Davis.	Arms and Equipment Guide	Jon Pickens
author	The Demon Breed is a 1968 science fiction novel by James H. Schmitz, originally serialized in Analog in a shorter form as ``The Tuvela''.	The Demon Breed	James H. Schmitz
author	The Inheritance of Loss is the second novel by Indian author Kiran Desai.	The Inheritance of Loss	Kiran Desai
author	Bats at the Beach is a NY Times bestselling picture book by Brian Lies.	Bats at the Beach	Brian Lies
author	Monster Love is the debut novel of English author Carol Topolski, published in 2008 by Fig Tree, an imprint of Penguin and was nominated for the Orange Prize for Fiction.	Monster Love	Carol Topolski
author	Neonomicon is a four-issue comic book limited series written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Jacen Burrows, published by American company Avatar Press in 2010.	Neonomicon	Alan Moore
author	Finity's End is a science fiction novel written by the American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.	Finity's End	C. J. Cherryh
author	Prefaces (Danish: Forord) is a book by Søren Kierkegaard published under the pseudonym Nicolaus Notabene.	Prefaces	Søren Kierkegaard
author	Land of Unlikeness, Robert Lowell's first book of poetry, was published in 1944 in a limited edition of two hundred and fifty copies by Harry Duncan at the Cummington Press.	Land of Unlikeness	Robert Lowell
author	Mr. Munchausen is a novel by John Kendrick Bangs, written in the style that has become known as Bangsian fantasy as well as being one of the main inspirations of a style known as Equestria Fantasy.	Mr. Munchausen	John Kendrick Bangs
author	Child of Fortune is a 1985 science fiction novel by the American author Norman Spinrad.	Child of Fortune	Norman Spinrad
author	King Solomon's Carpet (1991) is a novel by Barbara Vine, pseudonym of Ruth Rendell.	King Solomon's Carpet	Ruth Rendell
author	Bring Up the Bodies is a historical novel by Hilary Mantel and sequel to her award-winning Wolf Hall.	Bring Up the Bodies	Hilary Mantel
author	Agent of Vega is a science fiction novel by James H. Schmitz, 1960.	Agent of Vega	James H. Schmitz
author	The Art of the Faker is an influential 1959 book on art forgery by Frank Arnau.	The Art of the Faker	Frank Arnau
author	The Two-Bear Mambo is a suspense\crime novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	The Two-Bear Mambo	Joe R. Lansdale
author	The Philebus (/fɪˈliːbəs/; occasionally given as Philebos; Greek: Φίληβος), is one of the surviving Socratic dialogues written in the 4th century BC by the ancient Greek philosopher Plato.	Philebus	Plato
author	The School of Fear is the fifth novel by Jude Watson in the Star Wars Jedi Quest book series.	The School of Fear	Jude Watson
author	Methoden der mathematischen Physik (Methods of Mathematical Physics) is a 1924 book, in two volumes totalling around 1000 pages, published under the names of David Hilbert and Richard Courant.	Methoden der mathematischen Physik	David Hilbert	Richard Courant
author	Of True Religion, Heresy, Schism, Toleration; and what best means may be used against the Growth of Popery is the title of a polemical tract against the popery of the Roman Catholic Church written by John Milton which was published in London in 1673.	Of True Religion	John Milton
author	The Golden Book of Springfield is a mystic, utopian book by American poet Vachel Lindsay.	The Golden Book of Springfield	Vachel Lindsay
author	Darwin's Radio is a 1999 science fiction novel by Greg Bear.	Darwin's Radio	Greg Bear
author	Neviditelný (Jaroslav Havlíček) is a Czech novel by Jaroslav Havlíček.	Neviditelný	Jaroslav Havlíček
author	La Légende des siècles (The Legend of the Ages) is a collection of poems by Victor Hugo, conceived as an immense depiction of the history and evolution of humanity.	La Légende des siècles	Victor Hugo
author	Vanilla Ride is a crime fiction novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Vanilla Ride	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Venture to the Moon is a group of six linked science fiction short stories by Arthur C. Clarke.	Venture to the Moon	Arthur C. Clarke
author	A Kind of Anger is a novel by British thriller writer Eric Ambler, first published in 1964.	A Kind of Anger	Eric Ambler
author	Beyond Doubt is a science fiction story written by Robert A. Heinlein, originally printed in Astonishing Stories in April 1941 under the pen name ``Lyle Monroe and Elma Wentz''.	Beyond Doubt	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Jonathan Troy (1954) was Edward Abbey's first published novel, as detailed in James M. Cahalan's biography of Abbey.	Jonathan Troy	Edward Abbey
author	Milrose Munce and the Den of Professional Help is a 2007 young adult novel by Douglas Anthony Cooper and is his first book in the genre.	Milrose Munce and the Den of Professional Help	Douglas Anthony Cooper
author	``The Commuter'' is a science-fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick.	The Commuter	Philip K. Dick
author	The Keeping Place is a science fiction novel by Isobelle Carmody, set in a post apocalyptic world.	The Keeping Place	Isobelle Carmody
author	The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth Beorhthelm's Son is the title of a work by J. R. R. Tolkien that was originally published in 1953 in volume 6 of the scholarly journal Essays and Studies by Members of the English Association, and later republished in 1966 in The Tolkien Reader.	The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth Beorhthelm's Son	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	The Cat's Table is a novel by Canadian author Michael Ondaatje first published in 2011.	The Cat's Table	Michael Ondaatje
author	Diary of a Wombat is a 2002 award-winning picture book written by Jackie French and illustrated by Bruce Whatley.	Diary of a Wombat	Jackie French
author	The Ramsay Scallop is a young adult historical romance written by Frances Temple.	The Ramsay Scallop	Frances Temple
author	The Falling Woman is a 1986 contemporary psychological fantasy novel by Pat Murphy.	The Falling Woman	Pat Murphy
author	The Candlemass Road is a historical novel from George MacDonald Fraser set in the time of the Border Reivers, a period Fraser had earlier written about in The Steel Bonnets.	The Candlemass Road	George MacDonald Fraser
author	Os Bruzundangas (English: The Bruzundangas) is a short story book written by Brazilian writer Lima Barreto.	Os Bruzundangas	Lima Barreto
author	Orion You Came and You Took All My Marbles is a 2010 mystery novel by Kira Henehan.	Orion You Came and You Took All My Marbles	Kira Henehan
author	100 Greatest African Americans is a biographical dictionary of the one hundred historically greatest Black Americans (in no particular order; that is, they are not ranked), as assessed by Molefi Kete Asante in 2002.	100 Greatest African Americans	Molefi Kete Asante
author	Hozuki's Coolheadedness, originally known as Hōzuki no Reitetsu (Japanese: 鬼灯の冷徹), is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Natsumi Eguchi.	Hozuki's Coolheadedness	Natsumi Eguchi
author	Paintings of Abanindranath Tagore is a book on Abanindranath Tagore's paintings by art historian R. Siva Kumar.	Paintings of Abanindranath Tagore	R. Siva Kumar
author	The Canticle of the Sun, also known as the Canticle of the Creatures or Laudes Creaturarum (Praise of the Creatures), is a religious song composed by Saint Francis of Assisi.	Canticle of the Sun	Francis of Assisi
author	The Ghost House is the fourth audio story in a series of ten audiobooks, written by Stephen Cole and is a spin-off from the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures, itself a spin-off from Doctor Who.	The Ghost House	Stephen Cole
author	The Dogs of Babel (also known as Lorelei's Secret in the UK) is the debut novel of Carolyn Parkhurst.	The Dogs of Babel	Carolyn Parkhurst
author	The Godwhale is a science fiction novel by American novelist T. J. Bass, first published in 1974.	The Godwhale	T. J. Bass
author	A Legacy is a semi-autobiographical novel by Sybille Bedford first published in 1956.	A Legacy	Sybille Bedford
author	Dorian, an Imitation is a British novel by Will Self.	Dorian, an Imitation	Will Self
author	The Night Manager is an espionage/detective novel by John le Carré, published in 1993.	The Night Manager	John le Carré
author	Eleven Blue Men, and Other Narratives of Medical Detection is an award winning collection of twelve true short stories written by Berton Roueché and published in 1953.	Eleven Blue Men	Berton Roueché
author	People of the Deer (published in 1952, revised in 1975) is Canadian author Farley Mowat's first book, and brought him literary recognition.	People of the Deer	Farley Mowat
author	The Bone Bed is novel by Patricia Cornwell.	The Bone Bed	Patricia Cornwell
author	No Crystal Stair is a novel, published in 1997, by Canadian author Mairuth Sarsfield.	No Crystal Stair	Mairuth Sarsfield
author	The Book of Salt is Vietnamese-American author Monique Truong's first novel; it presents a narrative through the eyes of Bình, a Vietnamese cook.	The Book of Salt	Monique Truong
author	De Tranquillitate Animi (On the tranquility of the mind) is a Latin work by Seneca (4 BC--65 AD).	De Tranquillitate Animi	Seneca
author	Common Grounds is a six-issue comic book limited series created by writer Troy Hickman and published by Top Cow Productions in 2004.	Common Grounds	Troy Hickman
author	The Seven Storey Mountain is the 1948 autobiography of Thomas Merton, a Trappist monk and a noted author of the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.	The Seven Storey Mountain	Thomas Merton
author	The Shockwave Rider is a science fiction novel by John Brunner, originally published in 1975.	The Shockwave Rider	John Brunner
author	Stand on Zanzibar is a dystopian New Wave science fiction novel written by John Brunner and first published in 1968.	Stand on Zanzibar	John Brunner
author	Boy Kills Man is 2004 novel by British novelist Matt Whyman about child assassins in Medellin, Colombia.	Boy Kills Man	Matt Whyman
author	The Vikings at Helgeland (Hærmændene paa Helgeland) is Henrik Ibsen's seventh play.	The Vikings at Helgeland	Henrik Ibsen
author	Un fil à la patte (known in English as Cat Among the Pigeons or Love on the Rack) is a French bedroom farce in three acts written by Georges Feydeau.	Un fil à la patte	Georges Feydeau
author	Blinky Bill is an anthropomorphic koala and children's fictional character created by author and illustrator Dorothy Wall.	Blinky Bill	Dorothy Wall
author	The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window is the second and last staged play by playwright Lorraine Hansberry, author of A Raisin in the Sun. The play is a story about a man named Sidney, his pitfalls within his personal life, and struggles in Bohemian culture.	The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window	Lorraine Hansberry
author	The Moon by Night (ISBN 0-374-35049-3) is the title of a young adult novel by Madeleine L'Engle.	The Moon by Night	Madeleine L'Engle
author	The Threat Within by Jude Watson is the eighteenth and final book in the Jedi Apprentice series of young reader novels.	The Threat Within	Jude Watson
author	My Life in France is an autobiography by Julia Child, published in 2006.	My Life in France	Julia Child
author	The Hunger and Other Stories is the first collection of short stories by Charles Beaumont, published in April 1957.	The Hunger and Other Stories	Charles Beaumont
author	Act Without Words I is a short play by Samuel Beckett.	Act Without Words I	Samuel Beckett
author	These Happy Golden Years is an autobiographical children's novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published in 1943, the eight of nine books in her Little House series -- although it originally ended the series.	These Happy Golden Years	Laura Ingalls Wilder
author	Eclogue 4, also known as the Fourth Eclogue is the name of a Latin poem by the Roman poet Virgil.	Eclogue 4	Virgil
author	Heroes and Horrors is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by Fritz Leiber, edited by Stuart David Schiff and illustrated by Tim Kirk.	Heroes and Horrors	Fritz Leiber
author	The Runaway Sleigh Ride! (Swedish: Titta Madicken, det snöar!) is a 1983 Astrid Lindgren children's book.	The Runaway Sleigh Ride	Astrid Lindgren
author	The Dead and the Gone is a young adult science fiction dystopian novel by Susan Beth Pfeffer.	The Dead and the Gone	Susan Beth Pfeffer
author	Athalie is a 1691 play, the final tragedy of Jean Racine, and has been described as the masterpiece of ``one of the greatest literary artists known'' and the ``ripest work'' of Racine's genius.	Athalie	Jean Racine
author	The Road of Dreams is a book of poetry by crime writer Agatha Christie.	The Road of Dreams	Agatha Christie
author	The Summer Book (in the original Swedish Sommarboken) is a book written by Finnish author Tove Jansson in 1972.	The Summer Book	Tove Jansson
author	On the Shore of the Wide World is a play by English playwright Simon Stephens.	On the Shore of the Wide World	Simon Stephens
author	An Early Martyr and Other Poems is a book of poetry by the American poet William Carlos Williams.	An Early Martyr and Other Poems	William Carlos Williams
author	Wayne of Gotham is a novel by Tracy Hickman and is about the fictional superhero Batman.	Wayne of Gotham	Tracy Hickman
author	``De Daumier-Smith's Blue Period'' is a short story by J. D. Salinger, first published in the British journal Information World Review in 1952.	De Daumier-Smith's Blue Period	J. D. Salinger
author	Zak's Lunch is a book written by Margie Palatini and Illustrated by Howard Fine.	Zak's Lunch	Margie Palatini
author	Jungle Tales of Tarzan is a collection of twelve loosely connected short stories written by Edgar Rice Burroughs, comprising the sixth book in order of publication in his series about the title character Tarzan.	Jungle Tales of Tarzan	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Solomon's Song is the final novel in the Australian Trilogy by author Bryce Courtenay.	Solomon's Song	Bryce Courtenay
author	Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask) is a book (1969, updated 1999) by U.S. physician David Reuben.	Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)	David Reuben
author	``The Library of Babel'' (Spanish: La biblioteca de Babel) is a short story by Argentine author and librarian Jorge Luis Borges (1899--1986), conceiving of a universe in the form of a vast library containing all possible 410-page books of a certain format and character set.	The Library of Babel	Jorge Luis Borges
author	The Tao of Programming is a book written in 1987 by Geoffrey James.	The Tao of Programming	Geoffrey James
author	The Bride of Lammermoor is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott, published in 1819.	The Bride of Lammermoor	Walter Scott
author	The Psychology of Self-Esteem is a book by Nathaniel Branden, first published in 1969.	The Psychology of Self-Esteem	Nathaniel Branden
author	At All Costs is American author David Weber's eleventh Honor Harrington novel, first published in 2005.	At All Costs	David Weber
author	Lakota Woman is a memoir by Mary Brave Bird, formerly Mary Crow Dog, a Sicangu Lakota.	Lakota Woman	Mary Brave Bird
author	Orpheus with Clay Feet is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick originally published in 1964 in Escapade magazine.	Orpheus with Clay Feet	Philip K. Dick
author	The Confessions of Nat Turner is a 1967 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by U.S. writer William Styron.	The Confessions of Nat Turner	William Styron
author	Rosshalde is a short novel by the German author Hermann Hesse.	Rosshalde	Hermann Hesse
author	Paths of Darkness is the New York Times best-selling series of novels chronicling adventures of the renegade drow elf character Drizzt Do'Urden written by R. A. Salvatore.	Paths of Darkness	R. A. Salvatore
author	Beyond Reach is the sixth novel in the Grant County series by Karin Slaughter, originally published in 2007 .	Beyond Reach	Karin Slaughter
author	``The Black Stone'' is a classic short story by Robert E. Howard, first published in the November 1931 issue of Weird Tales.	The Black Stone	Robert E. Howard
author	``Autofac'' is a 1955 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick that features one of the earliest treatments (and Dick's second) of self-replicating machines.	Autofac	Philip K. Dick
author	Asphodel, That Greeny Flower is a poem by American poet William Carlos Williams.	Asphodel, That Greeny Flower	William Carlos Williams
author	The Time of the Ghost is a supernatural English-language children's novel by Diana Wynne Jones, published by Macmillan in 1981.	The Time of the Ghost	Diana Wynne Jones
author	The Mote in God's Eye is a science fiction novel by American writers Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle, first published in 1974.	The Mote in God's Eye	Larry Niven	Jerry Pournelle
author	Power Without Glory is a 1950 novel written by Australian writer Frank Hardy.	Power Without Glory	Frank Hardy
author	Ecce and Old Earth is a 1991 science fiction novel by Jack Vance, the middle novel in the Cadwal Chronicles trilogy, set in Vance's Gaean Reach.	Ecce and Old Earth	Jack Vance
author	A Married Man's Story is an unfinished 1923 short story by Katherine Mansfield.	A Married Man's Story	Katherine Mansfield
author	The Zendian problem was an exercise in communication intelligence operations (mainly traffic analysis and cryptanalysis) devised by Lambros D. Callimahos as part of an advanced course, CA-400, that Callimahos taught to National Security Agency cryptanalysts starting in the 1950s.	Zendian problem	Lambros D. Callimahos
author	Frontline Combat was an anthology war comic book written and edited by Harvey Kurtzman and published bi-monthly by EC Comics.	Frontline Combat	Harvey Kurtzman
author	The Robert E. Howard Reader is a collection of essays on fantasy writer Robert E. Howard and his works, edited by Darrell Schweitzer.	The Robert E. Howard Reader	Darrell Schweitzer
cast member	Abkari is a 1988 Malayalam movie starring Mammootty and Ratheesh in the title roles.	Abkari	Mammootty	Ratheesh
cast member	Khullam Khulla Pyaar Karen (Hindi: खुल्लम खुल्ला प्यार करें, Urdu: کھلم کھلا پیار کریں) is a Bollywood movie starring Govinda and Preity Zinta.	Khullam Khulla Pyaar Karen	Govinda
cast member	Pest from the West is the first short subject starring American comedian Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures.	Pest from the West	Buster Keaton
cast member	Girls of the Big House is a 1945 American drama film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Lynne Roberts, Virginia Christine and Marion Martin.	Girls of the Big House	Lynne Roberts
cast member	Midnight Garage (simplified Chinese: 三更车库; traditional Chinese: 三更車庫; pinyin: Sāngēng Chēkù) is a 2015 Chinese horror film directed and written by Zhou Yaowu and starring Alex Fong, Yoon So-yi and Gordon Lam.	Midnight Garage	Alex Fong
cast member	They Still Call Me Bruce is a 1987 comedy action film starring Johnny Yune.	They Still Call Me Bruce	Johnny Yune
cast member	Fatty and Mabel at the San Diego Exposition is a 1915 American silent black-and-white short comedy film, directed by Fatty Arbuckle and starring Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.	Fatty and Mabel at the San Diego Exposition	Mabel Normand
cast member	Life Without George was a BBC comedy series written by Penny Croft and Val Hudson and starring Simon Cadell and Carol Royle, centred on a young woman's struggle to adapt to life after being left by her partner (the titular George).	Life Without George	Simon Cadell	Carol Royle
cast member	Hiroshima mon amour concerns a series of conversations (or one enormous conversation) over a 36-hour long period between a French actress (Emmanuelle Riva), referred to as Her, and a Japanese architect (Eiji Okada), referred to as Him.	Hiroshima mon amour	Emmanuelle Riva	Eiji Okada
cast member	Flavor of Love is an American satire reality television dating game show starring Flavor Flav of the rap group Public Enemy.	Flavor of Love	Flavor Flav
cast member	Hired Wife is a 1940 romantic comedy film starring Rosalind Russell and Brian Aherne.	Hired Wife	Rosalind Russell	Brian Aherne
cast member	Farewell Performance is a 1963 British crime film directed by Robert Tronson and starring David Kernan, Frederick Jaeger and Delphi Lawrence.	Farewell Performance	David Kernan
cast member	The Far Paradise is a 1928 Australian silent film directed by Paulette McDonagh and starring Marie Lorraine the stage name of Isabel McDonagh.	The Far Paradise	Marie Lorraine
cast member	Thaayillamal Naan Illai (Tamil: தாய் இல்லாமல் நான் இல்லை; English: I cannot live without my mother) is a 1979 Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan, Sridevi, Major Sundarrajan and Jaiganesh in the lead roles with Rajnikanth and Nagesh in guest roles.	Thaayillamal Naan Illai	Kamal Haasan	Sridevi
cast member	I Was a Communist for the FBI is a 1951 American film noir drama directed by Gordon Douglas, and featuring Frank Lovejoy, Dorothy Hart, Philip Carey, and James Millican.	I Was a Communist for the FBI	Frank Lovejoy	Dorothy Hart	Philip Carey	James Millican
cast member	Battling with Buffalo Bill is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western serial film directed by Ray Taylor and starring Tom Tyler, Lucile Browne, William Desmond, Rex Bell, and Francis Ford.	Battling with Buffalo Bill	Tom Tyler	Lucile Browne	William Desmond	Rex Bell	Francis Ford
cast member	The Affairs of Annabel is a 1938 comedy starring Lucille Ball and Jack Oakie.	The Affairs of Annabel	Lucille Ball	Jack Oakie
cast member	Saxondale is a British television situation comedy programme, starring Steve Coogan and co-written by Steve Coogan and Neil Maclennan.	Saxondale	Steve Coogan
cast member	Sibs starred veteran actress Marsha Mason as Nora Ruscio, a successful accountant and Alex Rocco as her long-suffering husband, Howie.	Sibs	Marsha Mason	Alex Rocco
cast member	The Criminal is a 1960 British drama film produced by Nat Cohen and directed by Joseph Losey, starring Stanley Baker, Sam Wanamaker and Jill Bennett.	The Criminal	Stanley Baker	Sam Wanamaker	Jill Bennett
cast member	However, after failing in the pursuit of a group of drug dealers led by Ghost (Peter Stormare), Deputy Chief Hardy (Nick Offerman) puts the duo back on the program to work for Captain Dickson (Ice Cube) -- now located across the street at 22 Jump Street.	22 Jump Street	Peter Stormare	Nick Offerman	Ice Cube
cast member	Lay That Rifle Down is a 1955 American comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Judy Canova, Robert Lowery and Jil Jarmyn.	Lay That Rifle Down	Judy Canova
cast member	Something for Everyone is a black comedy starring Angela Lansbury, Michael York, Anthony Higgins, and Jane Carr.	Something for Everyone	Angela Lansbury	Michael York	Anthony Higgins	Jane Carr
cast member	Robert Edeson - John Burton, The Paymaster's Son Charles K. French - Silas Burton, The Paymaster Robert Stanton - Colonel Randall Ann Little - Ethel Burton, The Paymaster's Daughter (*Anna Little) J. Barney Sherry - Richard Randall, Colonel's son Jane Grey - Nick Cogley - Charles Edler -	The Paymaster's Son	Robert Edeson
cast member	Mizhi Randilum (English: In both Eyes) is a 2003 Malayalam film written and directed by Ranjith, starring Kavya Madhavan, Indrajith, Jagathy Sreekumar, Sukumari, and Revathi.	Mizhi Randilum	Kavya Madhavan
cast member	Irreconcilable Differences is a 1984 comedy-drama film starring Ryan O'Neal, Shelley Long, and Drew Barrymore.	Irreconcilable Differences	Ryan O'Neal	Shelley Long	Drew Barrymore
cast member	Music and Money (Spanish:Música y dinero) is a 1958 Mexican musical comedy film directed by Rafael Portillo and starring Tito Guízar, Luis Aguilar and Pedro Vargas.	Music and Money	Tito Guízar
cast member	Dorothy Dandridge as Aiché, Reiker's mistress Curd Jürgens as Captain John Reiker Jean Servais as Doctor Corot Alex Cressan as Tamango Roger Hanin as 1st Mate Bebe Guy Mairesse as Werner Clément Harari as Cook Doudou Babet as Chadi Habib Benglia as Le chef noir Pierre Rosso as the diving sailor	Tamango	Roger Hanin
cast member	Knighty Knight Bugs is a 1958 Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Friz Freleng, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons and released by Warner Bros. Mel Blanc provided for the voices of all the characters in this cartoon.	Knighty Knight Bugs	Mel Blanc
cast member	Tarzan and the Jungle Boy (1968) is an adventure film starring Mike Henry in his third and final outing as Tarzan.	Tarzan and the Jungle Boy	Mike Henry
cast member	The Gnome-Mobile was both Matthew Garber and Ed Wynn's last movie role.	The Gnome-Mobile	Ed Wynn
cast member	Lo smemorato di Collegno (Italian for ``The Collegno amnesiac'') is a 1962 commedia all'italiana film directed by Sergio Corbucci.	Lo smemorato di Collegno	Sergio Corbucci
cast member	Still Breathing is a 1998 drama feature film starring Brendan Fraser and Joanna Going.	Still Breathing	Brendan Fraser	Joanna Going
cast member	A few critics were disappointed in the film, including the Village Voice's J. Hoberman, who wrote: ``Overwrought as The Departed may be, it's nothing that wouldn't have been cured by losing Jack (Nicholson) (and maybe half an hour).	The Departed	Jack (Nicholson
cast member	Thaai Magalukku Kattiya Thaali (Tamil: தாய் மகளுக்கு கட்டிய தாலி) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran, Jamuna and P. Kannamba in the lead roles and directed by R. R. Chandiran who also was a well known cinematographer in his time.	Thaai Magalukku Kattiya Thaali	M. G. Ramachandran	Jamuna
cast member	Carmen's Kiss is a thriller film starring Hugo Speer, Vivienne Harvey and Bruce Payne.The film is an adaptation of the Georges Bizet opera Carmen.	Carmen's Kiss	Hugo Speer
cast member	Denis Moschitto as Chiko Moritz Bleibtreu as Brownie Volkan Özcan as Tibet Fahri Ogün Yardım as Curly Reyhan Şahin as Meryem Lilay Huser as Tibets Mutter Philipp Baltus as Scholle Henny Reents as Reji Hans Löw as Sascha Simon Goerts as Jimmi	Chiko	Denis Moschitto	Moritz Bleibtreu	Reyhan Şahin
cast member	Venice/Venice is an American film starring Henry Jaglom, Nelly Alard, Melissa Leo, Suzanne Bertish, Daphna Kastner, David Duchovny, John Landis and written and directed by Henry Jaglom.	Venice/Venice	Melissa Leo	Suzanne Bertish	Daphna Kastner	David Duchovny	John Landis
cast member	The Mothers-in-Law is an American sitcom starring Eve Arden and Kaye Ballard as two matriarchs who were friends and next-door neighbors whose children's elopement made them in-laws.	The Mothers-in-Law	Eve Arden	Kaye Ballard
cast member	Lady Cop & Papa Crook (Chinese: 大搜查之女; pinyin: Da sou zha zhi nu; Cantonese Yale: Daai sau cha ji neui) is a 2008 Hong Kong crime film written and directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong, and starring Sammi Cheng and Eason Chan.	Lady Cop & Papa Crook	Sammi Cheng	Eason Chan
cast member	Nirvana Street Murder is a 1990 Australian comedy film, written and directed by Aleksi Vellis, starring Mark Little, Ben Mendelsohn and Mary Coustas.	Nirvana Street Murder	Mark Little	Ben Mendelsohn	Mary Coustas
cast member	No eres tú, soy yo (English: It's not you, it's me) is a 2010 Mexican romantic comedy directed by Alejandro Springall starring Eugenio Derbez, Alejandra Barros and Martina García and based on the Argentinean film No sos vos, soy yo (2004), written by Juan Taratuto.	No eres tú, soy yo	Eugenio Derbez	Alejandra Barros
cast member	Animal Hospital is a television show starring Australian entertainer Rolf Harris that ran on the BBC from 1994 until 2004.	Animal Hospital	Rolf Harris
cast member	The Borgia Stick is a 1967 American TV film starring Don Murray and Inger Stevens.	The Borgia Stick	Don Murray	Inger Stevens
cast member	Finding Bliss explores the pornographic film industry through the eyes of an idealistic 24-year-old film school grad, Jody Balaban (played by Leelee Sobieski).	Finding Bliss	Leelee Sobieski
cast member	UnCivil Liberties is a 2006 film directed by Thomas Mercer starring Glenn Allen and Tony Grocki.	UnCivil Liberties	Glenn Allen
cast member	The Railroad (Hangul: 경의선; RR: Gyeongui-seon) is a 2006 South Korean film starring Kim Kang-woo and Son Tae-young.	The Railroad	Kim Kang-woo
cast member	Terminal Error is a 2002 science fiction thriller starring Michael Nouri, Marina Sirtis, Matthew Ewald and Timothy Busfield.	Terminal Error	Michael Nouri	Marina Sirtis
cast member	Saving Silverman is a 2001 comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and starring Jason Biggs, Steve Zahn, Jack Black and Amanda Peet.	Saving Silverman	Jason Biggs	Steve Zahn	Jack Black	Amanda Peet
cast member	Valentín makes plans on how to get her to see Dr. Galaburri (Carlos Roffé).	Valentín	Carlos Roffé
cast member	Anna Alt or Soloist Anna Alt (German:Solistin Anna Alt) is a 1945 German drama film directed by Werner Klingler and starring Anneliese Uhlig, Will Quadflieg and Emil Lohkamp.	Anna Alt	Anneliese Uhlig	Will Quadflieg
cast member	Devil Dog Dawson is a 1921 silent film American western directed by Karl R. Coolidge and starring Jack Hoxie, Helene Rosson and Evelyn Selbie.	Devil Dog Dawson	Jack Hoxie
cast member	My Babysitter's a Vampire is a Canadian vampire adventure comedy horror television film starring Vanessa Morgan and Matthew Knight.	My Babysitter's a Vampire	Vanessa Morgan	Matthew Knight
cast member	The Strength of Donald McKenzie is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by and starring William Russell and Jack Prescott.	The Strength of Donald McKenzie	William Russell
cast member	Her Husband's Friend is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo starring Enid Bennett.	Her Husband's Friend	Enid Bennett
cast member	Neither Blood nor Sand (Spanish: Ni sangre, ni arena) is a 1941 Mexican comedy film directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Cantinflas, Susana Guízar and Elvia Salcedo.	Neither Blood nor Sand	Cantinflas
cast member	Trouble in the Glen is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Margaret Lockwood, Orson Welles and Forrest Tucker.	Trouble in the Glen	Margaret Lockwood
cast member	Pankh is a 2010 Bollywood film written and directed by Sudipto Chattopadhyaya and starring Bipasha Basu, Lilette Dubey, Mahesh Manjrekar, Ronit Roy, Sanjeeda Sheikh and newcomers Maradona Rebello and Amit Purohit.	Pankh	Bipasha Basu	Mahesh Manjrekar	Ronit Roy	Sanjeeda Sheikh	Maradona Rebello
cast member	Heaven's Burning is a 1997 Australian crime film starring Russell Crowe and directed by Craig Lahiff.	Heaven's Burning	Russell Crowe
cast member	Ljuvlig är sommarnatten (``The summer's night is delightful'') is a Swedish film from 1961, directed by Arne Mattsson and starring Karl-Arne Holmsten, Christina Carlwind, Elisabeth Odén, Per Oscarsson, Folke Sundquist and Sif Ruud.	Ljuvlig är sommarnatten	Karl-Arne Holmsten
cast member	The Voice of Merrill (a.k.a. Murder Will Out) is a 1952 British mystery film, directed by John Gilling and starring Valerie Hobson and James Robertson Justice.	The Voice of Merrill	Valerie Hobson
cast member	Valentín is friends with his uncle Chiche (Jean Pierre Noher) and the piano teacher Rufo who lives across the street (Mex Urtizberea).	Valentín	Jean Pierre Noher	Mex Urtizberea
cast member	Neythukaran is a 2002 Malayalam movie directed by debutant Priyanandanan starring Murali.	Neythukaran	Murali
cast member	The Amorous Prawn or The Amorous Mr. Prawn is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring Ian Carmichael, Joan Greenwood and Cecil Parker.	The Amorous Prawn	Ian Carmichael	Joan Greenwood	Cecil Parker
cast member	After Five in the Forest Primeval (German: Nach Fünf im Urwald), sometimes also known as It's a Jungle Out There, is a 1995 German romantic comedy film directed by Hans-Christian Schmid and starring Franka Potente in her first film role.	After Five in the Forest Primeval	Franka Potente
cast member	Whispering Smith (1948) is a Western film starring Alan Ladd as a railroad detective assigned to stop a gang of train robbers.	Whispering Smith	Alan Ladd
cast member	Marie's father (Warren, played by Matt Craven), a soldier, returns home from Vietnam and decides that Paulie is not helping Marie.	Paulie	Matt Craven
cast member	Aag Ka Toofan (English translation - Storm of Fire) is 1993 Bollywood film directed by Kanti Mehtra and starring Shashi Kapoor, Dharmendra, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Govardhan Asrani, Raza Murad, Avtaar Gill, Farheen.	Aag Ka Toofan	Shashi Kapoor	Dharmendra
cast member	The Marrying Man (known as Too Hot to Handle in the United Kingdom and Australia) is an American 1991 romantic comedy film starring Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.	The Marrying Man	Alec Baldwin	Kim Basinger
cast member	Balondu Bhavageethe (Kannada: ಬಾಳೊಂದು ಭಾವಗೀತೆ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada film, directed by Geethapriya and produced by Geetha Srinath and M. S. Karanth.	Balondu Bhavageethe	Srinath
cast member	When the Gods Played a Badger Game is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney.	When the Gods Played a Badger Game	Pauline Bush	Lon Chaney
cast member	Murder Ordained is a television miniseries that originally aired for CBS in 1987, starring Keith Carradine, JoBeth Williams, and Kathy Bates.	Murder Ordained	Keith Carradine	JoBeth Williams	Kathy Bates
cast member	Hello My Dear Wrong Number is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Priyadarshan, written by Sreenivasan, and starring Mohanlal, Manianpilla Raju, Jagathy Sreekumar, Lizy, and Menaka.	Hello My Dear Wrong Number	Mohanlal
cast member	That Girl in Yellow Boots is a 2011 Indian thriller film by director Anurag Kashyap, starring Kalki Koechlin and Naseeruddin Shah.	That Girl in Yellow Boots	Kalki Koechlin	Naseeruddin Shah
cast member	Should Tall Men Marry? is a 1928 American short silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.	Should Tall Men Marry?	Stan Laurel
cast member	Los tramposos (``The cheaters'') is a 1959 Spanish comedy film directed by Pedro Lazaga and starring Tony Leblanc and Antonio Ozores.	Los tramposos	Tony Leblanc	Antonio Ozores
cast member	The Younger Brothers (1949) is a Western film directed by Edwin L. Marin, and starring Wayne Morris and Janis Paige.	The Younger Brothers	Wayne Morris	Janis Paige
cast member	Sabapathy (Tamil: சபாபதி) is a 1941 Tamil comedy film directed and produced by A. V. Meiyappan and A. T. Krishnaswamy, starring T. R. Ramachandran, Kali N. Rathnam, C. T. Rajakantham and K. Sarangapani.	Sabapathy	T. R. Ramachandran
cast member	Eradane Maduve is a 2010 Indian Kannada comedy movie directed by Dinesh Baboo starring Ananth Nag, Suhasini Maniratnam, Tara and Jennifer Kotwal in the lead roles.	Eradane Maduve	Suhasini Maniratnam	Tara	Jennifer Kotwal
cast member	A Cave Man Wooing is a 1912 American silent comedy starring King Baggot and directed by Otis Turner.	A Cave Man Wooing	King Baggot
cast member	Kanasugara (Kannada: ಕನಸುಗಾರ) is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romance-drama film starring V. Ravichandran, Prema and Shashikumar in the lead roles.	Kanasugara	V. Ravichandran
cast member	Renate in the Quartet (German:Renate im Quartett) is a 1939 German musical comedy film directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Käthe von Nagy, Hans Brausewetter and Gustav Fröhlich.	Renate in the Quartet	Käthe von Nagy
cast member	The Tinted Venus is a 1921 British silent fantasy film directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor, George Dewhurst and Maud Cressall.	The Tinted Venus	Alma Taylor
cast member	The Worldly Madonna is a 1922 American drama silent film directed by Harry Garson and starring Clara Kimball Young (in her last film from Equity) and William P. Carleton.	The Worldly Madonna	Clara Kimball Young
cast member	Cyborg Cop II is a 1994 action adventure film starring David Bradley, Morgan Hunter, Jill Pierce and Victor Melleney.	Cyborg Cop II	David Bradley
cast member	The Missing People is a 1940 British, black-and-white, mystery film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Ronald Shiner as Sam Hackett and Will Fyffe as Mr. J. G. Reeder.	The Missing People	Will Fyffe
cast member	A Bittersweet Life (Hangul: 달콤한 인생; RR: Dalkomhan insaeng; lit. ``The Sweet Life'') is a 2005 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Jee-woon and starring Lee Byung-hun.	A Bittersweet Life	Lee Byung-hun
cast member	Naanu Naane is a 2002 movie directed by D. Rajendra Babu starring Upendra and Sakshi Shivanand in leading roles.	Naanu Naane	Upendra
cast member	En glad gutt (English: A happy boy) is a 1932 Norwegian drama film directed by John W. Brunius, starring Hauk Aabel and Gøril Havrevold.	En glad gutt	Hauk Aabel	Gøril Havrevold
cast member	Sa Piling Mo (lit. With You) is a love story between both Judy Ann Santos and Piolo Pascual, which aired its pilot episode on February 27, 2006 and ends on August 25, 2006.	Sa Piling Mo	Judy Ann Santos	Piolo Pascual
cast member	A Fishy Story (Chinese: 不脫襪的人; pinyin: Bù tuō wà de rén) is a 1989 Hong Kong drama film directed by Anthony Chan and starring Kenny Bee, Maggie Cheung and Anthony Chan.	A Fishy Story	Kenny Bee
cast member	Stonehenge Apocalypse is a 2010 made-for-TV Canadian science fiction movie starring Misha Collins, Torri Higginson and Peter Wingfield.	Stonehenge Apocalypse	Torri Higginson
cast member	Uproar in Damascus (German: Aufruhr in Damaskus) is a 1939 German thriller film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Brigitte Horney, Joachim Gottschalk and Hans Nielsen.	Uproar in Damascus	Brigitte Horney	Joachim Gottschalk	Hans Nielsen
cast member	The System Within is a 2006 film starring Chingy, Taimak, Kim Porter, Bryce Wilson, Tariq Alexander, and Hawthorne James.	The System Within	Chingy
cast member	The Secret of the Storm Country was a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Charles Miller and starring Norma Talmadge (whose company also produced the film).	The Secret of the Storm Country	Norma Talmadge
cast member	Dil Hi To Hai is a 1992 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Asrani starring Jackie Shroff and Divya Bharti in the leading roles.	Dil Hi To Hai	Jackie Shroff
cast member	Hi'ya, Chum is a 1943 American musical comedy film starring Jane Frazee.	Hi'ya, Chum	Jane Frazee
cast member	The Divine Ryans is a 1999 film (adapted from the 1990 book by the same name) directed by Stephen Reynolds, written by Wayne Johnston, starring Robert Joy and Pete Postlethwaite.	The Divine Ryans	Robert Joy
cast member	Warner Oland - Uncle Lew Selkirk Juanita Hansen - Janet Dale Wallace McCutcheon Jr. - Steve Roycroft William Bailey - Bob Royal (as William Norton Bailey) Nina Cassavant - Esther, Janet's Cousin Tom Goodwin - Jeremiah Dale (as Thomas Goodwin) Harry Semels - The Phantom Foe Joe Cuny - Andre Renoir Al Franklin Thomas	The Phantom Foe	Warner Oland	Juanita Hansen	Wallace McCutcheon Jr.	William Bailey
cast member	Linewatch is a 2008 American thriller film starring Cuba Gooding, Jr., and directed by Kevin Bray.	Linewatch	Cuba Gooding, Jr.
cast member	Bobbili Puli (Telugu: బొబ్బిలి పులి) is a 1982 Telugu action-drama film starring N.T. Rama Rao (NTR) and Sridevi in the lead roles.	Bobbili Puli	Sridevi
cast member	Saradaga Kasepu is a Telugu film starring Allari Naresh, Madhurima and Srinivas Avasarala in the Lead roles directed by Vamsy.	Saradaga Kasepu	Allari Naresh	Madhurima	Srinivas Avasarala
cast member	Love Is Better Than Ever is a 1952 American romantic comedy film directed by Stanley Donen from a screenplay by Ruth Brooks Flippen, starring Larry Parks and Elizabeth Taylor.	Love Is Better Than Ever	Larry Parks	Elizabeth Taylor
cast member	The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and Frank Powell and starring Blanche Sweet.	The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of	Blanche Sweet
cast member	Panama Lady is a 1939 film starring Lucille Ball.	Panama Lady	Lucille Ball
cast member	The House of Yes is a 1997 American film starring Parker Posey, Josh Hamilton, Geneviève Bujold, Freddie Prinze, Jr. and Tori Spelling.	The House of Yes	Parker Posey	Josh Hamilton	Geneviève Bujold	Freddie Prinze	Tori Spelling
cast member	Kottapeta Rowdy is a Telugu film starring Krishna, Jayaprada & Chiranjeevi as a villain.	Kottapeta Rowdy	Chiranjeevi
cast member	Sunshine Cleaning is a 2008 comedy-drama film starring Amy Adams and Emily Blunt.	Sunshine Cleaning	Amy Adams	Emily Blunt
cast member	Cookie's Fortune is a 1999 criminal comedy film directed by Robert Altman and starring an ensemble cast, including Glenn Close, Julianne Moore, Liv Tyler, Patricia Neal, Charles S. Dutton and Chris O'Donnell.	Cookie's Fortune	Glenn Close	Julianne Moore	Liv Tyler	Patricia Neal	Charles S. Dutton	Chris O'Donnell
cast member	My New Partner II (French: Ripoux contre ripoux) is a 1990 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi, starring Philippe Noiret and Thierry Lhermitte.	My New Partner II	Philippe Noiret	Thierry Lhermitte
cast member	Man Wanted is a Pre-Code 1932 romance film starring Kay Francis as a married magazine editor who hires a handsome secretary, David Manners.	Man Wanted	Kay Francis	David Manners
cast member	Aag Laga Do Sawan Ko (English translation - Fire Up The Winter) is 1991 Hindi language movie directed by Anup Malik and starring Harish Patel, Kuldeep Malik, Sargam, Reema, Ajit Vachhani.	Aag Laga Do Sawan Ko	Harish Patel
cast member	Why Change Your Wife? is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gloria Swanson.	Why Change Your Wife?	Gloria Swanson
cast member	Wild City (迷城) is a 2015 Hong Kong-Chinese action film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Louis Koo, Shawn Yue, Tong Liya and Joseph Chang.	Wild City	Louis Koo
cast member	Aaraadhana is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Madhu and produced by .	Aaraadhana	Madhu
cast member	The Love Burglar is a 1919 American drama silent film directed by James Cruze, written by Jack Lait and Walter Woods and starring Wallace Reid, Anna Q. Nilsson, Raymond Hatton, Wallace Beery, Wilton Taylor and Edmund Burns.	The Love Burglar	Wallace Reid	Anna Q. Nilsson	Raymond Hatton	Wallace Beery	Edmund Burns
cast member	Melodies of America (Spanish:Melodías de América) is a 1941 Argentinian musical comedy film directed by Eduardo Morera and starring José Mojica, Silvana Roth and June Marlowe.	Melodies of America	José Mojica
cast member	Absolute Deception (also known as Deception) is a 2013 Australian/Canadian international co-production thriller film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith, and starring Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Emmanuelle Vaugier.	Absolute Deception	Cuba Gooding, Jr.
cast member	Around the World in 80 Gardens was a television series of 10 programmes in which British gardener and broadcaster Monty Don visited 80 of the world's most celebrated gardens.	Around the World in 80 Gardens	Monty Don
cast member	Ente Kaanakkuyil is a 1985 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by J. Sasikumar starring Mammootty in lead role, supported by Rahman, Revathy and Jose Prakash playing other important roles.	Ente Kaanakkuyil	Mammootty
cast member	Santhanagopalam is a 1994 Malayalam film starring Thilakan, Jagadheesh, Balachandra Menon, and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles.	Santhanagopalam	Thilakan	Balachandra Menon	Kaviyoor Ponnamma
cast member	Harold Lloyd as Lonesome Luke Bebe Daniels Snub Pollard Gaylord Lloyd as Luke's Double Sammy Brooks Bud Jamison Charles Stevenson	Luke's Double	Bebe Daniels
cast member	Heaven, We Inherit a Castle (German:Himmel, wir erben ein Schloß) is a 1943 German comedy film directed by Peter Paul Brauer and starring Anny Ondra, Hans Brausewetter and Carla Rust.	Heaven, We Inherit a Castle	Anny Ondra
cast member	Oottyppattanam is a 1992 Malayalam comedy drama film directed by Haridas and starring Jayaram, Siddique, Jagathy Sreekumar, Anju, Easwari Rao, Narendra Prasad and Jayabharathi in pivotal roles.	Oottyppattanam	Jayaram	Siddique	Jagathy Sreekumar	Narendra Prasad	Jayabharathi
cast member	Ladies Only is a 1997 unreleased Hindi language Indian feature film directed by Dinesh Shailendra, starring Randhir Kapoor, Seema Biswas, Shilpa Shirodkar, Heera Rajagopal and Kamal Haasan in guest appearance as a dead body.	Ladies Only	Randhir Kapoor
cast member	Fired Wife is a 1943 comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Robert Paige, Diana Barrymore and Louise Allbritton.	Fired Wife	Diana Barrymore
cast member	Hagalu Vesha (Kannada: ಹಗಲು ವೇಷ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada film directed, written and scripted by Baraguru Ramachandrappa starring Shiva Rajkumar and Reshma in the lead roles.	Hagalu Vesha	Shiva Rajkumar
cast member	Hop, the Bellhop is a 1919 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Hop, the Bellhop	Oliver Hardy
cast member	The film version of The Prisoner of Second Avenue stars Jack Lemmon, Anne Bancroft and Gene Saks.	The Prisoner of Second Avenue	Jack Lemmon	Anne Bancroft	Gene Saks
cast member	Rasputin, Dämon der Frauen (English:Rasputin, Demon with Women) is a 1932 German historical drama film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Conrad Veidt, Paul Otto and Hermine Sterler.	Rasputin, Dämon der Frauen	Conrad Veidt	Paul Otto
cast member	A Small Town in Texas is a 1976 movie directed by Jack Starrett starring Bo Hopkins, Susan George, and Timothy Bottoms.	A Small Town in Texas	Bo Hopkins	Susan George	Timothy Bottoms
cast member	He Married His Wife is a 1940 film about a race horse owner (Joel McCrea) who wants his ex-wife (Nancy Kelly) to remarry so he'll no longer have to pay alimony.	He Married His Wife	Joel McCrea	Nancy Kelly
cast member	Blackie the Pirate (Italian: Il corsaro nero) is a 1971 comedy film with Terence Hill and Bud Spencer, unusual in that the popular team has little screen time together.	Blackie the Pirate	Terence Hill	Bud Spencer
cast member	The Green Devils of Monte Cassino (German:Die grünen Teufel von Monte Cassino) is a 1958 French-German war film directed by Harald Reinl and starring Joachim Fuchsberger, Antje Geerk and Ewald Balser.	The Green Devils of Monte Cassino	Joachim Fuchsberger	Antje Geerk	Ewald Balser
cast member	Last Ounce of Courage is a 2012 American drama film directed by Darrel Campbell, Kevin McAfee and starring Marshall R. Teague, Jennifer O'Neill, and Fred Williamson.	Last Ounce of Courage	Marshall R. Teague	Jennifer O'Neill	Fred Williamson
cast member	Her Majesty the Barmaid or Her Majesty Love (German:Ihre Majestät die Liebe) is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Joe May and starring Käthe von Nagy, Francis Lederer and Otto Wallburg.	Her Majesty the Barmaid	Käthe von Nagy
cast member	Michal Bat-Adam as Atalia Yiptach Katzur Rafael Klatchkin Yossi Pollack Dan Toren Gail Ben-Ner Yair Rubin Tamar Amiran	Atalia	Dan Toren	Yair Rubin
cast member	Charlie Chan in Paris is the seventh film produced by Fox with Warner Oland as Charlie Chan.	Charlie Chan in Paris	Warner Oland
cast member	Scream of Stone (German: Cerro Torre: Schrei aus Stein) is a 1991 film directed by Werner Herzog about a climbing expedition on Cerro Torre.	Scream of Stone	Werner Herzog
cast member	Flame of the Islands is a 1956 drama film about a café singer, played by Yvonne De Carlo, who buys into a casino, encountering multiple men who quickly fall in love with her, and her attempt to find true love and happiness.	Flame of the Islands	Yvonne De Carlo
cast member	Good Neighbor Sam is a 1964 American Eastman Color comedy film co-written and directed by David Swift and starring Jack Lemmon, Romy Schneider, Dorothy Provine and Michael Connors.	Good Neighbor Sam	Jack Lemmon	Romy Schneider	Dorothy Provine
cast member	Goodbye Charlie Bright is a 2001 film directed by Nick Love and starring Paul Nicholls, Roland Manookian and Danny Dyer.	Goodbye Charlie Bright	Paul Nicholls	Roland Manookian	Danny Dyer
cast member	Mommaga (Kannada: ಮೊಮ್ಮಗ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed by V. Ravichandran and produced by Sandesh Nagaraj.	Mommaga	V. Ravichandran
cast member	Time Gentlemen, Please! is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Eddie Byrne, Hermione Baddeley, Raymond Lovell and Sid James.	Time Gentlemen, Please!	Eddie Byrne	Hermione Baddeley
cast member	Plots with a View, released internationally as Undertaking Betty, is a 2002 British dark comedy written by Frederick Ponzlov, directed by Nick Hurran, starring Brenda Blethyn, Robert Pugh, Alfred Molina, Naomi Watts, Lee Evans and Christopher Walken.	Plots with a View	Brenda Blethyn	Robert Pugh	Alfred Molina	Naomi Watts	Lee Evans	Christopher Walken
cast member	Rudraksham is a 1994 action Malayalam film starring Suresh Gopi, Annie and Devan.	Rudraksham	Suresh Gopi	Annie
cast member	Goonj Uthi Shehnai (English: The Call of the Shehnai) (meaning 'The Wedding Bells Have Started Ringing') is 1959 Hindi film directed by Vijay Bhatt, with Rajendra Kumar, Ameeta, Anita Guha and I. S. Johar as leads.	Goonj Uthi Shehnai	Rajendra Kumar	Ameeta	Anita Guha	I. S. Johar
cast member	The Midnight Flyer is a 1918 American short action drama film directed by George Marshall and starring Hoot Gibson.	The Midnight Flyer	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Dollar of Fire /Epitaph for a Fast Gun (Italian:Un dollaro di fuoco, Spanish:Un dólar de fuego) is a 1966 Italian-Spanish western film directed by Nick Nostro and starring Miguel de la Riva, Dada Gallotti and Alberto Farnese.	Dollar of Fire	Dada Gallotti	Alberto Farnese
cast member	Good Times, Bed Times (戀上你的床, Luen seung ngei dik chong) is a 2003 Hong Kong romantic comedy film starring Sammi Cheng, Louis Koo, Sean Lau, Charlene Choi, with guest appearances by Tony Leung and Sandra Ng.	Good Times, Bed Times	Sammi Cheng
cast member	The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu is a 1980 comedy film, notable as the final film of Peter Sellers, David Tomlinson and John Le Mesurier.	The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu	Peter Sellers	David Tomlinson	John Le Mesurier
cast member	The Education of Charlie Banks is a 2007 drama film directed by Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst, produced by Straight Up Film's Marisa Polvino and starring Jesse Eisenberg, Jason Ritter, Eva Amurri, Gloria Votsis, and Chris Marquette.	The Education of Charlie Banks	Jesse Eisenberg	Jason Ritter	Eva Amurri	Gloria Votsis	Chris Marquette
cast member	Four Rode Out is a 1971 Spanish/American adventure/western film starring Sue Lyon, Pernell Roberts and Leslie Nielsen.	Four Rode Out	Sue Lyon	Pernell Roberts	Leslie Nielsen
cast member	Munchie Strikes Back is a 1992 comedy feature film directed by Jim Wynorski and written by Wynorski and R.J. Robertson, as a sequel to Munchie, with Howard Hesseman providing Munchie's voice.	Munchie Strikes Back	Howard Hesseman
cast member	Married Flirts was a 1924 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick, Mae Busch, and Conrad Nagel, directed by Robert Vignola.	Married Flirts	Pauline Frederick	Mae Busch	Conrad Nagel
cast member	Unaccustomed As We Are is the first sound comedy short film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy released on May 4, 1929.	Unaccustomed As We Are	Stan Laurel	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Warsaw Premiere (Polish:Warszawska premiera) is a 1951 Polish historical film directed by Jan Rybkowski and starring Jan Koecher, Barbara Kostrzewska and Jerzy Duszyński.	Warsaw Premiere	Jan Koecher
cast member	The Warrior Strain is a 1919 British silent war film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Sydney Wood, Harry Agar Lyons and J. Edwards Barker.	The Warrior Strain	Harry Agar Lyons
cast member	The Labours of Erica is a British television sitcom starring Brenda Blethyn as self-made businesswoman Erica Parsons.	The Labours of Erica	Brenda Blethyn
cast member	Repeaters is a 2010 Canadian thriller film directed by Carl Bessai, written by Arne Olsen, and starring Dustin Milligan, Amanda Crew, and Richard de Klerk as young drug addicts who find themselves stuck in a time loop.	Repeaters	Dustin Milligan	Amanda Crew
cast member	Home Town Story is a 1951 American drama film directed by Arthur Pierson and starring Jeffrey Lynn, Donald Crisp, and Alan Hale, Jr..	Home Town Story	Jeffrey Lynn	Donald Crisp	Alan Hale, Jr.
cast member	Home to Danger is a 1951 British crime film directed by Terence Fisher starring Guy Rolfe, Rona Anderson and Stanley Baker.	Home to Danger	Guy Rolfe	Rona Anderson	Stanley Baker
cast member	Belle maman is a 1999 comedic French film starring Catherine Deneuve, Line Renaud, Stephane Audran, Idris Elba, Françoise Lépine and directed by Gabriel Aghion.	Belle maman	Catherine Deneuve	Line Renaud	Idris Elba	Françoise Lépine
cast member	Sunlight Pours Down (Hangul: 햇빛 쏟아지다; RR: Haetbit Ssodajida) is a 2004 South Korean television series starring Song Hye-kyo, Jo Hyun-jae, and Ryoo Seung-bum.	Sunlight Pours Down	Song Hye-kyo	Jo Hyun-jae
cast member	The Edge of Love soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti includes performances by singers Keira Knightley, Siouxsie Sioux, Suggs, Patrick Wolf, and Beth Rowley.	The Edge of Love	Suggs
cast member	Bhoot Bungla is a 1965 Bollywood comedy horror film directed by Mehmood, who stars in the film alongside Tanuja and Nazir Hussain.	Bhoot Bungla	Tanuja
cast member	Men of the Sky starred Irene Delroy and Jack Whiting.	Men of the Sky	Jack Whiting
cast member	The box office gross was $180 million below that of Rocky IV. Rocky V marked the final appearances of Talia Shire and Burgess Meredith in the Rocky series.	Rocky V	Burgess Meredith
cast member	Night Eyes is a 1990 erotic thriller film written by Tom Citrano and Andrew Stevens.	Night Eyes	Andrew Stevens
cast member	Swiss Tour (or Four Days Leave) is a 1949 American-Swiss drama film directed by Leopold Lindtberg and starring Cornel Wilde, Josette Day and Simone Signoret.	Swiss Tour	Cornel Wilde
cast member	Anna Magdalena (Chinese: 安娜瑪德蓮娜) is a 1998 Hong Kong romantic fantasy comedy film starring Aaron Kwok, Kelly Chen and Takeshi Kaneshiro.	Anna Magdalena	Aaron Kwok	Kelly Chen	Takeshi Kaneshiro
cast member	Adventure Girl (1934) is an American adventure documentary directed by Herman Raymaker, based on dialogue written by Ferrin Frazier, starring and narrated by Joan Lowell.	Adventure Girl	Joan Lowell
cast member	A Melody Looking is a Hong Kong musical film written and directed by Leon Lai, released on 18 November 2006.	A Melody Looking	Leon Lai
cast member	My Brilliant Life (Hangul: 두근두근 내 인생; RR: Dugeun Dugeun Nae Insaeng; lit. ``My Palpitating Life'') is a 2014 South Korean drama film starring Song Hye-kyo and Kang Dong-won.	My Brilliant Life	Song Hye-kyo
cast member	It Seems Like Yesterday was a Canadian half-hour television documentary series hosted by Rick Mercer on History Television.	It Seems Like Yesterday	Rick Mercer
cast member	Temptation of a Monk (You Cheng) is a 1993 Hong Kong period drama movie directed by Clara Law based on Pik Wah Lee's novel of the same name.The movie had Joan Chen and Hsing-Kuo Wu in the lead roles.	Temptation of a Monk	Joan Chen
cast member	Produced by Dino De Laurentiis, starring Silvana Mangano, Raf Vallone, Doris Dowling and Vittorio Gassman, Bitter Rice was a commercial success in Europe and the United States.	Bitter Rice	Silvana Mangano	Raf Vallone	Doris Dowling	Vittorio Gassman
cast member	The Phantom President is a 1932 American Pre-Code musical comedy/political satire film directed by Norman Taurog, and starring George M. Cohan, Claudette Colbert and Jimmy Durante.	The Phantom President	George M. Cohan	Claudette Colbert	Jimmy Durante
cast member	Let America Laugh is a 2003 documentary film produced and directed by Lance Bangs of stand-up comedian David Cross's tour of small alternative rock clubs.	Let America Laugh	David Cross
cast member	Chutney Popcorn is a 1999 comedy-drama film starring, directed and co-written by Nisha Ganatra.	Chutney Popcorn	Nisha Ganatra
cast member	Mama's Family is an American television sitcom starring Vicki Lawrence as Thelma Harper (Mama).	Mama's Family	Vicki Lawrence
cast member	Summer x Summer (traditional Chinese: 熱情仲夏; simplified Chinese: 热情仲夏; pinyin: rè qíng zhòng xià; literally: ``Passionate summer'') is a 2007 Taiwanese TV drama starring Joe Cheng, Wu Xiong and Ethan Juan.	Summer x Summer	Joe Cheng	Ethan Juan
cast member	Start the Revolution Without Me is a 1970 film directed by Bud Yorkin, starring Gene Wilder, Donald Sutherland, Hugh Griffith, Jack MacGowran, Billie Whitelaw, Orson Welles (playing himself as narrator) and Victor Spinetti.	Start the Revolution Without Me	Gene Wilder	Donald Sutherland	Hugh Griffith	Jack MacGowran	Billie Whitelaw	Orson Welles	Victor Spinetti
cast member	Three Mounted Men is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford (credited as Jack Ford) and featuring Harry Carey.	Three Mounted Men	Harry Carey
cast member	His Majesty O'Keefe is a 1954 adventure film starring Burt Lancaster.	His Majesty O'Keefe	Burt Lancaster
cast member	Golden Venus (French:La Vénus de l'or) is a 1938 French adventure film directed by Jean Delannoy and Charles Méré and starring Jacques Copeau, Daniel Lecourtois and Mireille Balin.	Golden Venus	Jacques Copeau	Daniel Lecourtois	Mireille Balin
cast member	The Chess Set is a 2005 Australian short subject depicting two old men Stuart Wagstaff and Frank Wilson who enjoy their daily chess game in a park.	The Chess Set	Stuart Wagstaff	Frank Wilson
cast member	Murder Over New York is a 1940 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan.	Murder Over New York	Sidney Toler
cast member	Rhythm in the Air is a 1936 British comedy dance film, directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring husband and wife dance partnership American Jack Donohue and Norwegian Tutta Rolf.	Rhythm in the Air	Tutta Rolf
cast member	Marines, Let's Go is a 1961 CinemaScope colour Korean War film about three Marine buddies (Tom Tryon, David Hedison and Tom Reese) on shore leave in Japan and at war in Korea.	Marines, Let's Go	Tom Tryon	David Hedison
cast member	Always Leave Them Laughing is a 1949 musical comedy-drama film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Milton Berle and Virginia Mayo.	Always Leave Them Laughing	Milton Berle
cast member	3 Geezers! is a 2013 American comedy film starring J. K. Simmons, Tim Allen, Scott Caan, Breckin Meyer, Randy Couture and Basil Hoffman.	3 Geezers!	J. K. Simmons	Tim Allen	Scott Caan	Breckin Meyer	Basil Hoffman
cast member	Un plus une is a 2015 French romantic comedy film directed by Claude Lelouch and starring Jean Dujardin, Elsa Zylberstein, Christopher Lambert and Alice Pol. It has been selected to be shown in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.	Un plus une	Jean Dujardin
cast member	Lana Turner as Fredda Barlo Ezio Pinza as Mr. Imperium Marjorie Main as Mrs. Cabot Barry Sullivan as Paul Hunter Cedric Hardwicke as Bernand Debbie Reynolds as Gwen Ann Codee as Anna Pelan The Guadalajara Trio as themselves	Mr. Imperium	Marjorie Main	Barry Sullivan	Cedric Hardwicke	Debbie Reynolds
cast member	Dropped from Heaven (French:Tombé du ciel) is a 1946 French comedy film directed by Emil E. Reinert and starring Jacqueline Gauthier, Claude Dauphin and Giselle Pascal.	Dropped from Heaven	Jacqueline Gauthier	Claude Dauphin
cast member	Feeling Minnesota is a 1996 American crime drama comedy film, written and directed by Steven Baigelman, starring Keanu Reeves, Vincent D'Onofrio, Cameron Diaz, Tuesday Weld and Courtney Love.	Feeling Minnesota	Keanu Reeves	Vincent D'Onofrio	Cameron Diaz	Tuesday Weld	Courtney Love
cast member	Bloodmatch (1991) is a martial-arts film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Thom Mathews, Hope Marie Carlton, Marianne Taylor, Vincent Klyn, Michel Qissi, and Benny ``The Jet'' Urquidez.	Bloodmatch	Thom Mathews	Vincent Klyn	Michel Qissi
cast member	Her Benny is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Sydney Wood, Babs Reynolds and Charles Buckmaster.	Her Benny	Charles Buckmaster
cast member	Return to Glennascaul, also known as Orson Welles' Ghost Story, is a 1951 short film starring Orson Welles.	Return to Glennascaul	Orson Welles
cast member	Even the Rain (Spanish: También la lluvia) is a 2010 Spanish drama film directed by Icíar Bollaín about Mexican director Sebastián (Gael García Bernal) and executive producer Costa (Luis Tosar) who travel to Bolivia to shoot a film depicting Christopher Columbus's conquest.	Even the Rain	Gael García Bernal	Luis Tosar
cast member	Battling Butler is a 1926 comedy silent film directed by and starring Buster Keaton.	Battling Butler	Buster Keaton
cast member	The Price of Divorce is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Miriam Seegar, Wyndham Standing and Frances Day.	The Price of Divorce	Miriam Seegar	Wyndham Standing	Frances Day
cast member	College Days is a 2010 Malayalam revenge film directed by G. N. Krishnakumar and starring Indrajith, Riyan, Govind Padmasoorya, Sajid Lal, Bhama, Dhanya Mary Varghese, Sandhya, Biju Menon and Bhama.	College Days	Govind Padmasoorya	Bhama	Dhanya Mary Varghese	Sandhya	Biju Menon
cast member	Moe Howard once called Three Little Pigskins ``a humdinger of bangs and bruises,'' as it marked the first time the Stooges flatly refused to perform a stunt.	Three Little Pigskins	Moe Howard
cast member	Mr. Rajesh is an action romance film, directed by Jai Akash.	Mr. Rajesh	Jai Akash
cast member	A Man, a Woman, and a Bank, also known as A Very Big Withdraw, is a 1979 Canadian heist film, starring Donald Sutherland and Brooke Adams and directed by Noel Black.	A Man, a Woman, and a Bank	Donald Sutherland	Brooke Adams
cast member	Two Happy People (German:Zwei glückliche Menschen) is a 1943 comedy film directed by E.W. Emo and starring Magda Schneider, Wolf Albach-Retty and Oskar Sima.	Two Happy People	Magda Schneider	Wolf Albach-Retty	Oskar Sima
cast member	Kiss Me General (original title: Martin Soldat) is a 1966 French comedy film directed by Michel Deville and starring Robert Hirsch, Véronique Vendell, Walter Rilla, Marlène Jobert and Anthony Sharp.	Kiss Me General	Robert Hirsch	Véronique Vendell	Walter Rilla	Marlène Jobert
cast member	The List of Adrian Messenger is a 1963 black and white crime thriller about a retired British intelligence officer (George C. Scott) investigating a series of apparently unrelated deaths.	The List of Adrian Messenger	George C. Scott
cast member	The Blackbird, though, has become infatuated by Mademoiselle Fifi Lorraine (Renée Adorée), another performer and Polly's rival.	The Blackbird	Renée Adorée
cast member	Two Living, One Dead is a 1961 British-Swedish existentialist thriller film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Patrick McGoohan, Virginia McKenna and Bill Travers.	Two Living, One Dead	Patrick McGoohan	Virginia McKenna	Bill Travers
cast member	Sonora Stagecoach is a 1944 American black-and-white action Western film starring Bob Steele, Hoot Gibson and Chief Thundercloud.	Sonora Stagecoach	Bob Steele
cast member	Satan's Cheerleaders is a 1977 comedy-horror movie starring John Ireland, Yvonne De Carlo, and John Carradine.	Satan's Cheerleaders	John Ireland	Yvonne De Carlo	John Carradine
cast member	The Yankee Girl is a 1915 silent film comedy produced by Oliver Morosco, distributed by Paramount Pictures and starring Blanche Ring, from the Broadway stage.	The Yankee Girl	Blanche Ring
cast member	Yennamo Yedho (English: Something Random) is a 2014 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Ravi Thyagarajan starring Gautham Karthik And nikesha Patel and Rakul Preet Singh.	Yennamo Yedho	Gautham Karthik
cast member	Zeiten ändern dich (English: Times change you) is a German biographical film directed by Uli Edel and starring the German rapper Bushido, Elyas M'Barek, Moritz Bleibtreu, Karoline Schuch, Fler, Kay One and Nyze.	Zeiten ändern dich	Bushido	Elyas M'Barek	Moritz Bleibtreu	Fler	Kay One
cast member	Paadatha Thenikkal is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by V.M.C.Haneefa, starring Sivakumar and Radhika in lead role.	Paadatha Thenikkal	Sivakumar
cast member	Not My Type (French: Pas son genre) is a 2014 French-Belgian romance film directed by Lucas Belvaux and starring Émilie Dequenne and Loïc Corbery.	Not My Type	Émilie Dequenne	Loïc Corbery
cast member	Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend is a 1957 Western film directed by Richard L. Bare and starring Randolph Scott, James Craig and Angie Dickinson.	Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend	Randolph Scott
cast member	Death of a Corrupt Man (French: Mort d'un pourri and also known as The Twisted Detective and To Kill a Rat) is a 1977 French crime film directed by Georges Lautner and starring Alain Delon.	Death of a Corrupt Man	Alain Delon
cast member	Flor de Liza is a Philippine film series produced by Seven Stars Productions launched in 1981 that stars Julie Vega and Janice De Belen.	Flor de Liza	Julie Vega
cast member	Aakhri Insaaf is a 1980 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Kalidas, starring Ashok Kumar, Mithun Chakraborty, Rameshwari, Zarina Wahab, Vijayendra Ghatge and Pradeep Kumar	Aakhri Insaaf	Ashok Kumar	Mithun Chakraborty	Zarina Wahab
cast member	Aatadista is a 2008 Telugu film, starring Nitin, Kajal Aggarwal, Jayasudha, Nagababu and others.	Aatadista	Nitin	Kajal Aggarwal	Jayasudha
cast member	Henry Goes Arizona is a 1939 western film starring Frank Morgan as an actor who inherits his dead brother's ranch.	Henry Goes Arizona	Frank Morgan
cast member	I Accuse! is a British-American 1958 CinemaScope biographical drama film directed by and starring José Ferrer.	I Accuse!	José Ferrer
cast member	It Happened in Flatbush is a 1942 American sports film directed by Ray McCarey and starring Lloyd Nolan, Carole Landis and Sara Allgood.	It Happened in Flatbush	Lloyd Nolan
cast member	After the Fire Over Russia (Bulgarian:Sled pozhara nad Rusiya) is a 1929 Bulgarian silent drama film directed by Boris Grezov and starring Tacho Kolarov, Baronesa Loudon and Konstantin Kisimov.	After the Fire Over Russia	Konstantin Kisimov
cast member	Security Unlimited is a 1981 Hong Kong comedy film directed by and starring Michael Hui and co-starring his brothers Samuel Hui and Ricky Hui, who are known as the Hui Brothers.	Security Unlimited	Samuel Hui
cast member	I pinguini ci guardano (i.e. ``Penguins look at us'') is a 1956 Italian comedy film written and directed by Guido Leoni and starring Renato Rascel and Carlo Croccolo.	I pinguini ci guardano	Renato Rascel	Carlo Croccolo
cast member	Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke follows the lives of two teenage girls, Gunjan (Roopal Tyagi) and Rachna (Mahima Makwana).	Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke	Mahima Makwana
cast member	He This Way, She That Way (German: Er rechts, sie links) is a 1915 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Max Zilzer, Bogia Horska, Otto Treptow and Manny Ziener.	He This Way, She That Way	Max Zilzer	Manny Ziener
cast member	The Pirate Movie is a 1982 Australian musical romantic comedy film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Christopher Atkins and Kristy McNichol.	The Pirate Movie	Christopher Atkins	Kristy McNichol
cast member	If You Could Only Cook (1935) is a screwball comedy of mistaken identity starring Herbert Marshall as a frustrated automobile executive and Jean Arthur as a young woman who talks him into posing as her husband so they can land jobs as a butler and a cook.	If You Could Only Cook	Herbert Marshall	Jean Arthur
cast member	Come Fill the Cup is a 1951 film starring James Cagney and Gig Young, directed by Gordon Douglas.	Come Fill the Cup	James Cagney	Gig Young
cast member	The Red Dance (also known as The Red Dancer of Moscow), is a 1928 American film directed by Raoul Walsh, starring Dolores del Río and Charles Farrell, inspired in the novel by Henry Leyford Gates.	The Red Dance	Dolores del Río	Charles Farrell
cast member	Checkered Flag or Crash is a 1977 film about off-road racing through the Philippines jungle, starring Joe Don Baker and Susan Sarandon and featuring Larry Hagman, Alan Vint and Parnelli Jones.	Checkered Flag or Crash	Joe Don Baker	Susan Sarandon
cast member	Yaşamak Ne Güzel Şey is a 1969 Turkish musical comedy film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Öztürk Serengil, Selda Alkor, and Engin Çaglar.	Yaşamak Ne Güzel Şey	Öztürk Serengil
cast member	Strange Justice is a 1999 television movie starring Delroy Lindo and Regina Taylor and directed by Ernest Dickerson.	Strange Justice	Delroy Lindo
cast member	Scream 3 featured several cameo appearances including the fictional characters of Jay and Silent Bob from the 1994 film Clerks played by Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith, and director Roger Corman as an on-set studio executive.	Scream 3	Jason Mewes	Kevin Smith
cast member	Coffin Baby (aka Coffin Baby - The Toolbox Killer Is Back) is a 2013 American horror film written and directed by Dean C. Jones and starring Bruce Dern, Brian Krause, Clifton Powell, and Ethan Phillips.	Coffin Baby	Bruce Dern
cast member	Road to Paris is a 2001 documentary film showing the preparation of Lance Armstrong, then twice winner of Tour de France, and his team, US Postal Service Pro Cycling Team, for the 2001 Tour de France.	Road to Paris	Lance Armstrong
cast member	Signé Arsène Lupin (Italian: Il ritorno di Arsenio Lupin, also known as Signed, Arsene Lupin) is a 1959 French-Italian crime film written and directed by Yves Robert.	Signé Arsène Lupin	Yves Robert
cast member	Visiting Hours (also known as Get Well Soon and The Fright) is a 1982 slasher film directed by Jean-Claude Lord and starring Michael Ironside, Lee Grant, Linda Purl, William Shatner and Lenore Zann.	Visiting Hours	Michael Ironside	Lee Grant	Linda Purl	William Shatner
cast member	Cold Lunch (Norwegian: Lønsj) is a 2008 Norwegian drama film directed by Eva Sørhaug, starring Ane Dahl Torp, Pia Tjelta and Aksel Hennie.	Cold Lunch	Ane Dahl Torp	Pia Tjelta	Aksel Hennie
cast member	Sayonara is a 1957 color (Technicolor) American film starring Marlon Brando.	Sayonara	Marlon Brando
cast member	Gai dimanche (English: Fun Sunday) is a 1935 three reel film written by and starring Jacques Tati and his friend Rhum.	Gai dimanche	Jacques Tati	Rhum
cast member	Aag Aur Toofan (English translation - Fire and Storm) is 1975 Bollywood film directed by Tanvir Ahmed and starring Mumtaz, Robin Kumar, Anwar Hussain.	Aag Aur Toofan	Mumtaz
cast member	The Man from the Diners' Club is a 1963 comedy film starring Danny Kaye, directed by Frank Tashlin.	The Man from the Diners' Club	Danny Kaye
cast member	Death Defying Acts is a 2007 British-Australian supernatural romance film, directed by Gillian Armstrong, and starring Guy Pearce & Catherine Zeta-Jones.	Death Defying Acts	Guy Pearce	Catherine Zeta-Jones
cast member	Nimajjanam (English title: The Immersion) is a 1979 Telugu film directed by B. S. Narayana, produced by Pattabhi Ramireddy, starring Sharada and Chakrapani and Cinematography by P. S. Nivas.	Nimajjanam	Sharada	Chakrapani
cast member	C. I. Mahadevan 5 Adi 4 Inchu is a 2004 Malayalam comedy thriller film directed by K. K. Haridas and starring Cochin Haneefa, Shruti and Jagathy Sreekumar in pivotal roles.	C. I. Mahadevan 5 Adi 4 Inchu	Cochin Haneefa	Jagathy Sreekumar
cast member	Building a Fire is a 1914 American comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Building a Fire	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Janmam is a Malayalam action drama film directed by Joshiy, starring Suresh Gopi, Karthika, Gopika and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles.	Janmam	Suresh Gopi
cast member	Killer Klowns from Outer Space is a 1988 American science fiction horror comedy film directed by The Chiodo Brothers and starring Grant Cramer and Suzanne Snyder.	Killer Klowns from Outer Space	Grant Cramer	Suzanne Snyder
cast member	Fukrey (meaning 'slacker' or 'worthless' in Hindi/Punjabi) is a 2013 Hindi coming of age comedy film directed by Mrighdeep Singh Lamba and starring Pulkit Samrat, Varun Sharma, Ali Fazal, Manjot Singh, Richa Chadda, Vishakha Singh, and Priya Anand in the lead roles.	Fukrey	Pulkit Samrat	Ali Fazal	Manjot Singh	Richa Chadda	Vishakha Singh	Priya Anand
cast member	When Ruba Nadda finished writing the script for Cairo Time she showed it to producer Daniel Iron of Foundry Films.	Cairo Time	Daniel Iron
cast member	A 44-Calibre Mystery is a 1917 American short Western film, featuring Harry Carey.	A 44-Calibre Mystery	Harry Carey
cast member	Strauss Is Playing Today (German: Heut' spielt der Strauss) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Conrad Wiene and starring Alfred Abel, Hermine Sterler and Imre Ráday.	Strauss Is Playing Today	Alfred Abel	Hermine Sterler	Imre Ráday
cast member	Snehapoorvam Anna is a 2000 Malayalam romantic film starring Vaibhavi Merchant and Innocent.	Snehapoorvam Anna	Vaibhavi Merchant	Innocent
cast member	The Isle of Love is a 1922 recut of a 1918 silent drama film Over the Rhine starring female impersonator Julian Eltinge.	The Isle of Love	Julian Eltinge
cast member	Deputy Dawg was voiced by Dayton Allen, a prolific Hollywood voice actor who voiced many Terrytoons characters in television and theatrical shorts in the 1950s and 1960s.	Deputy Dawg	Dayton Allen
cast member	Hey Babe!, also known as Babe! and also known as Rise and Shine, is a 1980 film, a musical drama starring Yasmine Bleeth and Buddy Hackett.	Hey Babe!	Yasmine Bleeth	Buddy Hackett
cast member	Cheaper to Marry is a 1925 American film starring Conrad Nagel, Lewis Stone, Marguerite De La Motte and Paulette Duval.	Cheaper to Marry	Conrad Nagel	Lewis Stone	Marguerite De La Motte
cast member	The Mighty Ducks is a 1992 American sports comedy-drama film directed by Stephen Herek, starring Emilio Estevez.	The Mighty Ducks	Emilio Estevez
cast member	The Crazy Clock Maker is a 1915 American silent comedy film starring Billy Bowers and featuring Oliver Hardy in a supporting role.	The Crazy Clock Maker	Billy Bowers
cast member	Operation Bullshine is a 1959 British colour comedy film directed by Gilbert Gunn and starring Donald Sinden, Barbara Murray and Carole Lesley.	Operation Bullshine	Donald Sinden	Barbara Murray	Carole Lesley
cast member	Portrait of Imogen is a 1988 American short documentary film about American photographer Imogen Cunningham, directed by Meg Partridge.	Portrait of Imogen	Imogen Cunningham
cast member	The Red Robe sometimes translated as The Red Dress (French:La robe rouge) is a 1933 French drama film directed by Jean de Marguenat and starring Constant Remy, Suzanne Rissler and Marcelle Praince.	The Red Robe	Marcelle Praince
cast member	Sex Is Comedy revolves around a director (Anne Parillaud) and her troubles filming an intimate sex scene between two actors who cannot tolerate each other.	Sex Is Comedy	Anne Parillaud
cast member	Looping the Loop (German: Die Todesschleife) is a 1928 German silent thriller film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Werner Krauss, Jenny Jugo and Warwick Ward.	Looping the Loop	Werner Krauss	Jenny Jugo	Warwick Ward
cast member	Flight for Freedom (aka Stand to Die) is a 1943 American drama film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring Rosalind Russell, Fred MacMurray and Herbert Marshall.	Flight for Freedom	Rosalind Russell	Fred MacMurray	Herbert Marshall
cast member	Mountain Strawberries, starring Aema's Ahn So-young, debuted in September of that year.	Mountain Strawberries	Ahn So-young
cast member	Uttama Villain (English: The Pure-Hearted Villain) is a 2015 Indian Tamil comedy-drama film directed by Ramesh Aravind and written by Kamal Haasan.	Uttama Villain	Kamal Haasan
cast member	The Tuttles of Tahiti is a 1942 film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Charles Laughton and Jon Hall.	The Tuttles of Tahiti	Charles Laughton
cast member	A Sailor's Heart is a 1912 American short silent comedy film directed by Wilfred Lucas and starring Blanche Sweet.	A Sailor's Heart	Blanche Sweet
cast member	The Road to Hong Kong is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Norman Panama and starring Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, as well as Joan Collins, with a cameo featuring Dorothy Lamour.	The Road to Hong Kong	Bing Crosby	Bob Hope	Joan Collins	Dorothy Lamour
cast member	My Brother the Pig is a 1999 American fantasy-comedy film, directed by Erik Fleming and starring Scarlett Johansson, Judge Reinhold, Alex D. Linz, and Eva Mendes.	My Brother the Pig	Scarlett Johansson	Judge Reinhold	Alex D. Linz	Eva Mendes
cast member	Nokkethadhoorathu Kannum Nattu is a 1984 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Fazil, and starring Nadia Moidu in lead role and late dancer Padmini, and Mohanlal in pivotal roles.	Nokkethadhoorathu Kannum Nattu	Padmini	Mohanlal
cast member	Frank Gardiner, the King of the Road is a 1911 film about the bushranger Frank Gardiner, played by John Gavin, who also directed.	Frank Gardiner, the King of the Road	John Gavin
cast member	A Summer to Remember is a 1985 American family drama film written and directed by Robert Michael Lewis and starring James Farentino, Tess Harper and Louise Fletcher.	A Summer to Remember	James Farentino
cast member	Sixty Years a Queen is a 1913 British silent historical film directed by Bert Haldane and starring Blanche Forsythe, Louie Henri and Fred Paul.	Sixty Years a Queen	Blanche Forsythe
cast member	The Frisky Mrs. Johnson is a 1920 silent film comedy starring Billie Burke.	The Frisky Mrs. Johnson	Billie Burke
cast member	Bili Hendthi (Kannada: ಬಿಳಿ ಹೆಂಡ್ತಿ) is a 1975 Kannada movie by Puttanna Kanagal starring Aarathi, Loknath and Margaret Thomson.	Bili Hendthi	Aarathi
cast member	Jomer Raja Dilo Bor (Bengali: যমের রাজা দিল বর) is a Bengali Film starring Abir Chatterjee & Payel Sarkar in lead roles.	Jomer Raja Dilo Bor	Payel Sarkar
cast member	Fatal Move (traditional Chinese: 奪帥; simplified Chinese: 夺帅, released in the United States as Triad Wars) is a 2008 Hong Kong action film written, produced and directed by Dennis S.Y. Law, and starring Sammo Hung, Simon Yam and Wu Jing, who reunite after 2005's SPL:	Fatal Move	Sammo Hung	Simon Yam	Wu Jing
cast member	Cohen Saves the Flag is a 1913 American comedy silent film directed and produced by Mack Sennett, and starring Ford Sterling and Mabel Normand.	Cohen Saves the Flag	Ford Sterling
cast member	The Misleading Widow (1919) is a silent film comedy directed by John S. Robertson and starring Billie Burke.	The Misleading Widow	Billie Burke
cast member	Escape from East Berlin is a 1962 film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Don Murray.	Escape from East Berlin	Don Murray
cast member	Ece Uslu - Aydan Özgü Namal - Sedef İpek Tuzcuoğlu - Ayşe Okan Yalabık - Cemil Nihat İleri - Professor Dilek Serbest - Ceren Suna Selen - Büyücü Okan Selvi - Serhat Tutumluer - Tarık Ebru Ürün - Ebru	Büyü	Özgü Namal	Okan Yalabık	Dilek Serbest	Serhat Tutumluer
cast member	Westgate Tango (simplified Chinese: 西门町; traditional Chinese: 西門町; pinyin: Xi men ding) is a 2012 Taiwan romance drama film starring Dylan Kuo, Amber An, Hong Kong actor Anthony Wong, Denny Tsao, Jett Lee and Japanese director actor Toyoharu Kitamura.	Westgate Tango	Dylan Kuo
cast member	The Weak-End Party is a 1922 film featuring Stan Laurel.	The Weak-End Party	Stan Laurel
cast member	Hard, Fast and Beautiful is a 1951 American drama film directed by Ida Lupino and starring Claire Trevor, loosely based on the 1930 novel American Girl by sports fiction author John R. Tunis, which itself was an unflattering and thinly-veiled fictionalization of tennis star Helen Wills Moody	Hard, Fast and Beautiful	Claire Trevor
cast member	The Village Rogue (Hungarian: A Falu rossza) is a 1916 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Miklós Pásztory and starring Helene von Bolvary, Dezső Kertész and Péter Andorffy.	The Village Rogue	Helene von Bolvary	Dezső Kertész
cast member	The Lifeguard is a 2013 American drama produced, written, and directed by Liz W. Garcia, and starring Kristen Bell and David Lambert.	The Lifeguard	Kristen Bell	David Lambert
cast member	Yaakkai is an upcoming Tamil romance film directed by Kuzhandhai Velappan, starring Kreshna and Swathi Reddy in the leading roles.	Yaakkai	Kreshna
cast member	Bay City Blues features an ensemble cast of regulars including a then-unknown Sharon Stone, Mykelti Williamson and Dennis Franz.	Bay City Blues	Sharon Stone
cast member	Medhai is a Tamil-language film directed by Ramarajan.	Medhai	Ramarajan
cast member	Walang Tulugan with the Master Showman (formerly known as Master Showman Presents) is a Filipino late night variety and talk television show hosted by German Moreno (until his death in 2016), together with John Nite, Shermaine Santiago, Jackie Lou Blanco and Shirley Fuentes.	Walang Tulugan with the Master Showman	German Moreno	Shermaine Santiago
cast member	Horror Hospital (also known as Computer Killers) is a 1973 British horror-comedy film starring Robin Askwith, Michael Gough, Dennis Price and Skip Martin.	Horror Hospital	Robin Askwith	Michael Gough	Dennis Price
cast member	Chasing Shakespeare is a 2013 film directed by Norry Niven, and starring Danny Glover, Ashley Bell, and Graham Greene.	Chasing Shakespeare	Danny Glover
cast member	Night Train to Paris is a 1964 British spy film starring Leslie Nielsen, Aliza Gur and Dorinda Stevens.	Night Train to Paris	Leslie Nielsen
cast member	Bab's Diary is a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley, and starring Marguerite Clark.	Bab's Diary	Marguerite Clark
cast member	Her Grace Commands (German: Ihre Hoheit befiehlt) is a 1931 German romantic comedy film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Käthe von Nagy, Willy Fritsch and Reinhold Schünzel.	Her Grace Commands	Käthe von Nagy	Willy Fritsch	Reinhold Schünzel
cast member	Nevada Smith is a 1966 American Western film in Eastmancolor and Panavision directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Steve McQueen.	Nevada Smith	Steve McQueen
cast member	Love Is Cinta is a 2007 Indonesian romantic drama film directed by Hanny Saputra and starring Irwansyah, Raffi Ahmad, Acha Septriasa and Nirina Zubir.	Love Is Cinta	Irwansyah	Raffi Ahmad	Acha Septriasa	Nirina Zubir
cast member	Guncrazy is a 1992 American crime/drama/thriller film starring Drew Barrymore.	Guncrazy	Drew Barrymore
cast member	De kalte ham Skarven (English: They called him Skarven) is a 1965 Norwegian drama film directed by Wilfred Breistrand and Erik Folke Gustavson, starring Per Christensen and Liv Ullmann.	De kalte ham Skarven	Per Christensen	Liv Ullmann
cast member	Hole in the Moon (Hebrew: חור בלבנה; Hor B'Levana) is an 1964 Israeli avant-garde-satiric movie directed by Uri Zohar.	Hole in the Moon	Uri Zohar
cast member	Judy Garland as Nellie Noonan Kelly and as Little Nellie Kelly George Murphy as Jerry Kelly Charles Winninger as Michael ``Mike'' Noonan Douglas McPhail as Dennis Fogarty Arthur Shields as Timothy Fogarty Rita Page as Mrs. Mary Fogarty Forrester Harvey as Moriarity James Burke as Police Sergeant McGowan George Watts as Mr. Keevan, NYC Bar Owner	Little Nellie Kelly	Forrester Harvey	James Burke
cast member	Panduranga Mahatyam is a 1957 Telugu film directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao and starring N. T. Rama Rao playing the role of Pundarika.	Panduranga Mahatyam	N. T. Rama Rao
cast member	Dharma Durai is a 1991 Tamil drama film starring Rajinikanth, Gouthami, Charan Raj, Nizhalgal Ravi and Senthil.	Dharma Durai	Rajinikanth	Charan Raj	Nizhalgal Ravi
cast member	The Children Pay is a surviving 1916 American silent drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and starring Lillian Gish.	The Children Pay	Lillian Gish
cast member	At the Green Cockatoo by Night (German:Nachts im grünen Kakadu) is a 1957 West German musical film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk, Dieter Borsche and Renate Ewert.	At the Green Cockatoo by Night	Marika Rökk	Dieter Borsche	Renate Ewert
cast member	The Temporary Widow is a 1930 British-German comedy film by the Austrian director Gustav Ucicky, starring Laurence Olivier in his first film role, Lilian Harvey and Athole Stewart.	The Temporary Widow	Laurence Olivier	Lilian Harvey	Athole Stewart
cast member	The Sting is a 1973 American caper film set in September 1936, involving a complicated plot by two professional grifters (Paul Newman and Robert Redford) to con a mob boss (Robert Shaw).	The Sting	Paul Newman	Robert Redford	Robert Shaw
cast member	P.I. Private Investigations (also known as Private Investigations) is a 1987 crime-thriller film directed by Nigel Dick and starring Clayton Rohner, Ray Sharkey and Paul Le Mat.	P.I. Private Investigations	Clayton Rohner
cast member	The Ratings Game, is a 1984 cable television film directed by Danny DeVito and produced by David Jablin.	The Ratings Game	Danny DeVito
cast member	The Black Hole is a 1979 American science fiction film directed by Gary Nelson and produced by Walt Disney Productions.	The Black Hole	Gary Nelson
child	The high praise that Xiao Ni received in official histories might be related to the fact that his son Xiao Zixian (蕭子顯) was the official who was later, in the succeeding Liang Dynasty, commissioned to author the official history of Southern Qi, the Book of Qi.	Xiao Ni	Xiao Zixian
child	Tetisheri was the mother of Seqenenre Tao, Queen Ahhotep I and possibly Kamose.	Tetisheri	Seqenenre Tao	Ahhotep I	Kamose
child	Gomer (גֹּמֶר, Standard Hebrew Gómer, Tiberian Hebrew Gōmer, pronounced (ɡoˈmeʁ)) was the eldest son of Japheth (and of the Japhetic line), and father of Ashkenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah, according to the ``Table of Nations'' in the Hebrew Bible, (Genesis 10).	Gomer	Ashkenaz	Riphath	Togarmah
child	Qara Hülegü was later succeeded by his son Mubarak Shah.	Qara Hülegü	Mubarak Shah
child	Anant Jog has a daughter Kshitee Jog who is a renowned television actor.	Anant Jog	Kshitee Jog
child	Another noble Tekle Kristos, who had remained at the Imperial court, championed Eskender's son Amda Seyon II as emperor.	Eskender	Amda Seyon II
child	At stud, Boldnesian notably sired Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee Bold Ruckus and Bold Reasoning who in turn sired the 1977 U.S. Triple Crown winner Seattle Slew.	Boldnesian	Bold Reasoning
child	In 1973, Adolf Dassler's son Horst Dassler founded Arena, a producer of swimming equipment.	Adolf Dassler	Horst Dassler
child	In the 2011 documentary film God Bless Ozzy Osbourne, produced by son Jack Osbourne, he admitted that he could not even remember when Louis and Jessica were born.	Ozzy Osbourne	Jack Osbourne
child	The film Catch a Fire (2006), about the activist Patrick Chamusso, was written by Shawn Slovo and Ruth First is portrayed in the film by another daughter, Robyn Slovo, who was also one of the film's producers.	Ruth First	Robyn Slovo
child	Successor Consort of the Ulanara clan; gave birth to two sons (Hooge and Loge) and one daughter (Hong Taiji's first).	Hong Taiji	Loge
child	Bent Martin is the father of the former All England champion in badminton Camilla Martin, and the former Danish footballer Ken Martin.	Bent Martin	Camilla Martin
child	Letters to Atticus/1.5 Tullia Ciceronis, the daughter of Terentia and Cicero, was born in 78 BC. Since at this time they had already been married for 2 years without children, it is likely that the couple was not very fertile.	Terentia	Tullia Ciceronis
child	Qazi Abdul Majeed Abid or Qazi Abid (Urdu: قاضی عبد ل مجید عابد ‎), was the father of Former National Speaker Fahmida Mirza and Newspaper Editor Kazi Asad Abid.	Qazi Abdul Majeed Abid	Fahmida Mirza	Kazi Asad Abid
child	In accepting the award, Richie said: ``Forget about surviving 30 some odd years in the music business, Lionel Richie survived 27 years of Nicole Richie.''	Lionel Richie	Nicole Richie
child	On 4 March 2002, an alleged plot to overthrow the junta by Ne Win's son-in-law Aye Zaw Win, the husband of his favourite daughter Sandar Win was exposed.	Ne Win	Sandar Win
child	Anna Bornemisza (1630-1688), was a Hungarian noble, princess consort of Transylvania as the spouse of Michael I Apafi and mother of Michael II Apafi.	Anna Bornemisza	Michael II Apafi
child	Michael Flagstad was married to the pianist Maja Flagstad and was the father of the singer Kirsten Flagstad, conductor Ole Flagstad, pianist Lasse Flagstad, and singer Karen-Marie Flagstad.	Michael Flagstad	Ole Flagstad
child	Gollum soon escaped his prison with the aid of Orcs, and Thranduil sent his son Legolas to Rivendell to seek the counsel of Elrond and Gandalf on this and other matters.	Thranduil	Legolas
child	Jacques Borlée (born 27 September 1957) is a former Belgian athlete, and the father and coach of athletes Kevin, Jonathan, Dylan and Olivia Borlée.	Jacques Borlée	Olivia Borlée
child	Jonas Alströmer had four sons in two marriages, Patrik Alströmer, August Alströmer (father of Anna Margaretha Alströmer), Clas Alströmer and Johan Alströmer.	Jonas Alströmer	Clas Alströmer	Johan Alströmer
child	Étienne Pascal (Clermont, 2 May 1588 -- Paris, 24 September 1651) was the father of Blaise Pascal.	Étienne Pascal	Blaise Pascal
child	Nicolas-Marie Gatteaux (2 August 1751, Paris - 24 June 1832, Paris) was a French medal engraver, also notable as the father of the sculptor and medallist Jacques-Édouard Gatteaux (1788--1881).	Nicolas-Marie Gatteaux	Jacques-Édouard Gatteaux
child	Henri Casadesus had five children including actor Christian Casadesus (1912-2014) and actress Gisèle Casadesus (born 1914).	Henri Casadesus	Christian Casadesus	Gisèle Casadesus
child	After 45 years on the throne (the second longest reign in the Ming dynasty), the Jiajing Emperor died in 1567 -- possibly due to mercury overdose believing to be the Elixir of Life -- and was succeeded by his son, the Longqing Emperor.	Jiajing Emperor	Longqing Emperor
child	Don Carlos Smith was the father of Ina Coolbrith, who became the first poet laureate of California.	Don Carlos Smith	Ina Coolbrith
child	Adam and Eve had two sons, Cain and Abel (or Habel), the first a tiller of the ground, the second a keeper of sheep.	Eve	Cain	Abel
child	In contrast, the name of Psusennes I's 21st Dynasty successors such as Amenemope, Osorkon the Elder, and Siamun appear frequently in various documents from Upper Egypt while the Theban High Priest Pinedjem II who was a contemporary of the latter three kings never adopted any royal attributes or titles in his career.	Psusennes I	Amenemope
child	Ajit Hutheesing has three sons, Nikhil Hutheesing, Vivek Hutheesing, and Ravi Hutheesing.	Ajit Hutheesing	Ravi Hutheesing
child	Lucy Mack Smith (July 8, 1775 -- May 14, 1856) was the mother of Joseph Smith, Jr., founder of the Latter Day Saint movement.	Lucy Mack Smith	Joseph Smith
child	Aramazd was regarded as a generous god of fertility, rain, and abundance, as well as the father of the other gods, including Anahit, Mihr, and Nane.	Aramazd	Anahit	Nane
child	The portrait tradition of Anastas Jovanović was continued by Milan Jovanović, (no relation) who died during World War II. Anastas's son Konstantin Jovanović (1849--1923) was a prominent architect.	Anastas Jovanović	Konstantin Jovanović
child	Aminah bint Wahb (/ˈæmənə, ˈɑːmiːˌnɑː/; Arabic: آمنة بنت وهب‎ ʼĀminah bint Wahb; died 577 AD) was the mother of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Aminah	Muhammad
child	Asha Patel (born January 27, 1952) is the mother of actors Amisha Patel and Ashmit Patel, and the wife of Amit Patel.	Asha Patel	Ashmit Patel
constellation	MOA-2008-BLG-310Lb is an extrasolar planet which orbits probably the late K-type star MOA-2008-BLG-310L, located at least 20000 light years away in the constellation Scorpius.	MOA-2008-BLG-310Lb	Scorpius
constellation	NGC 6826 (also known as Caldwell 15) is a planetary nebula located in the constellation Cygnus.	NGC 6826	Cygnus
constellation	Gliese 1062 is a M2 class star located at Right ascension 03h 38m 15s and declination -11° 29'' 2 in the constellation of Eridanus.	Gliese 1062	Eridanus
constellation	HD 203842 is a F-type star in the constellation of Equuleus.	HD 203842	Equuleus
constellation	HD 143361 is a binary star in the southern constellation Norma.	HD 143361	Norma
constellation	HD 13189 is an 8th magnitude star in Triangulum constellation.	HD 13189	Triangulum
constellation	15 Eridani (15 Eri) is a star in the constellation Eridanus.	15 Eridani	Eridanus
constellation	NGC 1512 is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 38 million light-years away from Earth in the constellation Horologium.	NGC 1512	Horologium
constellation	Lambda Equulei is a double star system in the constellation of Equuleus.	Lambda Equulei	Equuleus
constellation	Lacaille 8760 (AX Microscopii) is a red dwarf in the constellation Microscopium, the microscope.	Lacaille 8760	Microscopium
constellation	79 Cancri (79 Cnc) is a multiple star system in the constellation Cancer.	79 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	Kappa Serpentis (κ Ser, κ Serpentis) is a star in the constellation Serpens, in its head (Serpens Caput).	Kappa Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	COROT-1 is a yellow dwarf main sequence star similar to our Sun. The star is located approximately 1,560 light-years away in the constellation of Monoceros.	COROT-1	Monoceros
constellation	Psi Boötis (ψ Boo, ψ Boötis) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	Psi Boötis	Boötes
constellation	Zeta Circini (z Cir), is a star located in the constellation Circinus.	Zeta Circini	Circinus
constellation	HD 45364 c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 107 light years away in the constellation of Canis Major, orbiting the eighth magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 45364.	HD 45364 c	Canis Major
constellation	3C 191 is a quasar located in the constellation Cancer.	3C 191	Cancer
constellation	HAT-P-8b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 750 light years away in the constellation of Pegasus, orbiting the 10th magnitude star GSC 02757-01152.	HAT-P-8b	Pegasus
constellation	70 Pegasi (70 Peg) is a star in the constellation Pegasus.	70 Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	HY Velorum (HY Vel) is a star in the constellation Vela.	HY Velorum	Vela
constellation	Messier 49 (also known as M 49 or NGC 4472) is an elliptical galaxy located about 56 million light-years away in the equatorial constellation of Virgo.	Messier 49	Virgo
constellation	NGC 6090 is a merging pair of spiral galaxies, 400 million light years from the Earth, in the constellation of Draco.	NGC 6090	Draco
constellation	The Little Dumbbell Nebula, also known as Messier 76, NGC 650/651, the Barbell Nebula, or the Cork Nebula, is a planetary nebula in the constellation Perseus.	Little Dumbbell Nebula	Perseus
constellation	Kappa Capricorni (κ Cap, κ Capricorni) is a star in the constellation Capricornus.	Kappa Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	3C 305 is a Seyfert 2 radio galaxy located in the constellation Draco.	3C 305	Draco
constellation	Nu Piscium (Nu Psc, ν Piscium, ν Psc) is a star approximately 368 light years away from Earth, in the constellation Pisces.	Nu Piscium	Pisces
constellation	NGC 30 is a double star system (K4 and F5(?)) in Pegasus constellation.	NGC 30	Pegasus
constellation	Kappa Volantis (κ Vol, κ Volantis) is a triple star system in the constellation Volans.	Kappa Volantis	Volans
constellation	Xi Tauri (ξ Tau, ξ Tauri) is a hierarchical quadruple system in the constellation Taurus.	Xi Tauri	Taurus
constellation	HD 106906 b is a directly imaged planetary-mass companion and candidate exoplanet orbiting the star HD 106906, in the constellation Crux at about 300 light-years from Earth.	HD 106906 b	Crux
constellation	Zeta Persei (ζ Per, ζ Persei) is a star in the northern constellation of Perseus.	Zeta Persei	Perseus
constellation	Gamma Coronae Australis (y CrA), is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis.	Gamma Coronae Australis	Corona Australis
constellation	83 Ursae Majoris (83 UMa) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major.	83 Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	16 Cephei is a double star, about 120 light years from the Sun, in the constellation of Cepheus.	16 Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	Ross 154 (V1216 Sgr) is a star in the southern zodiac constellation of Sagittarius.	Ross 154	Sagittarius
constellation	GCIRS 13E is potentially an intermediate mass black hole (IMBH) with a mass of about 1300 solar masses orbiting Sagittarius A* at a distance of about three light years.	GCIRS 13E	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 1333 is a reflection nebula located in the constellation Perseus.	NGC 1333	Perseus
constellation	Lambda Telescopii (λ Tel, λ Telescopii) is a star in the constellation Telescopium.	Lambda Telescopii	Telescopium
constellation	V446 Herculis was a nova in the constellation Hercules in 1960.	V446 Herculis	Hercules
constellation	Geminga is a neutron star approximately 250 parsecs (around 800 light years) from the Sun in the constellation Gemini.	Geminga	Gemini
constellation	V382 Velorum was a bright nova, which occurred in 1999 in the southern constellation Vela.	V382 Velorum	Vela
constellation	HD 24496 Ab, or simply HD 24496 b, (also known as HIP 18267 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type star HD 24496 A, located approximately 66.5 light years away in the constellation Taurus.	HD 24496 Ab	Taurus
constellation	HD 221287 b is an exoplanet approximately 173 light years away in the constellation of Tucana.	HD 221287 b	Tucana
constellation	WD 0806-661 (L 97-3, GJ 3483) is a wide binary system of a white dwarf and a Y-type sub-brown dwarf (designated ``B''), located in constellation Volans at 63 light-years from Earth.	WD 0806-661	Volans
constellation	41 Arietis (abbreviated 41 Ari) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries.	41 Arietis	Aries
constellation	NGC 5068 is a face-on field barred spiral galaxy in the Virgo constellation.	NGC 5068	Virgo
constellation	NGC 5033 is an inclined spiral galaxy located in the constellation Canes Venatici.	NGC 5033	Canes Venatici
constellation	Kepler-69c (also known by its Kepler Object of Interest designation KOI-172.02) is a confirmed super-Earth extrasolar planet, about 70% larger than Earth, orbiting a Sun-like G-type star, Kepler-69, located about 2,700 ly (830 pc) from Earth in the constellation of Cygnus.	Kepler-69c	Cygnus
constellation	HD 11506 is a yellow dwarf star in the constellation Cetus.	HD 11506	Cetus
constellation	HD 6718 is an 8th magnitude G-type main sequence star located approximately 179 light years away in the constellation Cetus.	HD 6718	Cetus
constellation	Kepler-8b is the fifth of the first five exoplanets discovered by NASA's Kepler spacecraft, which aims to discover planets in a region of the sky between the constellations Lyra and Cygnus that transit (cross in front of) their host stars.	Kepler-8b	Lyra
constellation	NGC 4980 is a spiral galaxy in the southern constellation of Hydra.	NGC 4980	Hydra
constellation	The North America Nebula (NGC 7000 or Caldwell 20) is an emission nebula in the constellation Cygnus, close to Deneb (the tail of the swan and its brightest star).	North America Nebula	Cygnus
constellation	PSR B1257+12, previously designated PSR 1257+12, alternatively designated PSR J1300+1240, also named Lich, is a pulsar located 2300 light years from the Sun in the constellation of Virgo.	PSR B1257+12	Virgo
constellation	HD 13931 is an 8th magnitude G-type star located approximately 144 light years away in the constellation Andromeda.	HD 13931	Andromeda
constellation	47 Ursae Majoris d (sometimes abbreviated 47 Uma d) is an extrasolar planet approximately 46 light-years away in the constellation of Ursa Major.	47 Ursae Majoris d	Ursa Major
constellation	IC 755 is a spiral galaxy that lies 70 million light-years away in the Coma Berenices constellation.	IC 755	Coma Berenices
constellation	NGC 2841 is an inclined unbarred spiral galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major.	NGC 2841	Ursa Major
constellation	2MASS J03552337+1133437 (2MASS J0355+11) is a nearby brown dwarf of spectral type L5γ, located in constellation Taurus at approximately 29.8 light-years from Earth.	2MASS J03552337+1133437	Taurus
constellation	HR 5256 is a solitary, K-type main sequence star located thirty-three light-years away in the constellation Ursa Major.	HR 5256	Ursa Major
constellation	NGC 4183 is a spiral galaxy with a faint core and an open spiral structure located about 55 million light-years from the Sun and spanning about eighty thousand light-years in the constellation of Canes Venatici.	NGC 4183	Canes Venatici
constellation	HD 52265 is a 6th-magnitude G-type main sequence star located approximately 92 light-years away in the constellation of Monoceros.	HD 52265	Monoceros
constellation	HD 24479 (or H Camelopardalis), is a star located in the constellation Camelopardalis.	HD 24479	Camelopardalis
constellation	EF Eridani (abbreviated EF Eri, sometimes incorrectly referred to as EF Eridanus) is a variable star of the type known as polars, AM Herculis stars, or magnetic cataclysmic variable stars.	EF Eridani	Eridanus
constellation	HD 4732 is a red giant star of magnitude 5.9 located in the constellation Cetus.	HD 4732	Cetus
constellation	NGC 5985 is a spiral galaxy located in the northern constellation Draco.	NGC 5985	Draco
constellation	Omega Serpentis (ω Ser, ω Serpentis) is a star in the constellation Serpens.	Omega Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	The Extended Groth Strip is an image of a small region between the constellations of Ursa Major and Boötes, based on the results of a series of observations by the Hubble Space Telescope.	Extended Groth Strip	Ursa Major
constellation	OGLE-2005-BLG-071L is a distant, magnitude 19.5 galactic bulge star located in the constellation Scorpius, approximately 11000 light years away from the Solar System.	OGLE-2005-BLG-071L	Scorpius
constellation	HD 181342 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the K-type star HD 181342 approximately 361 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 181342 b	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 4125 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Draco.	NGC 4125	Draco
constellation	NGC 362 (Caldwell 104) is a globular cluster located in the constellation Tucana in the Southern Hemisphere, slightly north of the Small Magellanic Cloud.	NGC 362	Tucana
constellation	20 Ceti (20 Cet) is an orange giant star in the constellation Cetus.	20 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	Nu Herculis (v Her, v Herculis) star in the constellation Hercules.	Nu Herculis	Hercules
continent	The Liebknecht Range (71°48′S 11°22′E) is a mountain range, 10 nautical miles (19 km) long, forming the southwest arm of the Humboldt Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Liebknecht Range	Antarctica
continent	Landrum Island is the southernmost of the three Bugge Islands in the south part of Marguerite Bay, Fallières Coast, Antarctica.	Landrum Island	Antarctica
continent	Wild Spur (64°42′S 62°32′W) is a spur extending from Pulfrich Peak to the west side of Arctowski Peninsula, on the west coast of Graham Land in Antarctica.	Wild Spur	Antarctica
continent	Ob' Passage (66°33′S 93°1′E) is a passage 0.4 nautical miles (0.7 km) wide between Khmary Island and Mabus Point on the coast of Antarctica.	Ob' Passage	Antarctica
continent	The Dione Nunataks (71°56′S 69°6′W) are rock exposures at the head of Saturn Glacier, 9 nautical miles (17 km) west of Deimos Ridge in the southeastern part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Dione Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Exum Glacier (73°30′S 94°14′W) is a small glacier flowing north between Hughes Point and Bonnabeau Dome, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica.	Exum Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Bizone Rock (Bulgarian: скала Бизоне, ``Skala Bizone'' \'ska-la bi-'zo-ne\) is the rock off Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica extending 120 m in southeast-northwest direction and 100 m wide.	Bizone Rock	Antarctica
continent	Guépratte Island is an ice-covered island 2.8 km (1.7 mi) long, lying between Anvers Island and Brabant Island at the east side of the entrance to Fournier Bay, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Guépratte Island	Antarctica
continent	The Lance Rocks (82°52′S 48°19′W) are two rocks lying together at the northeast end of Crouse Spur in the Forrestal Range, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Lance Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Kita-karamete Rock (69°4′S 35°23′E) is a rock situated 9 nautical miles (17 km) north of Minami-karamete Rock in the eastern part of Riiser-Larsen Peninsula, Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kita-karamete Rock	Antarctica
continent	The Laussedat Heights (64°47′S 62°30′W) are a series of elevations extending eastward for 8 nautical miles (15 km) in the southwest part of Arctowski Peninsula, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Laussedat Heights	Antarctica
continent	Plummer Glacier (79°58′S 81°30′W) is a short glacier descending east through the Enterprise Hills to the north of Lippert Peak and the Douglas Peaks, in the Heritage Range in Antarctica.	Plummer Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lemaire Channel is a strait off Antarctica, between Kiev Peninsula in the mainland's Graham Land and Booth Island.	Lemaire Channel	Antarctica
continent	The Haskard Highlands (80°30′S 29°15′W) are a range of peaks and ridges between Blaiklock Glacier and Stratton Glacier in the northwest of the Shackleton Range, Antarctica, rising to 1,210 metres (3,970 ft) at Mount Weston and including features between Mount Provender and Pointer Nunatak.	Haskard Highlands	Antarctica
continent	Mount J. J. Thomson (77°41′19``S 162°15′40''E) is a prominent hump-shaped peak along the north wall of Taylor Valley, standing above Lake Bonney, between Rhone Glacier and Matterhorn Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount J. J. Thomson	Antarctica
continent	Edwards Pillar (73°5′S 66°20′E) is a large rock pillar on the western face of Mount Stinear in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Edwards Pillar	Antarctica
continent	Mericle Rock (73°39′S 163°15′E) is a nunatak in the middle of Campbell Glacier, approximately 9 nautical miles (17 km) from its head, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mericle Rock	Antarctica
continent	Lhasa Nunatak (85°7′S 171°18′E) is a narrow rock ridge, 9 nautical miles (17 km) long, trending in a northwest--southeast direction between Snakeskin Glacier and Jensen Glacier, to the east of the Supporters Range, Antarctica.	Lhasa Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Gould Nunataks (66°30′S 51°42′E) are a small group of nunataks about 18 nautical miles (33 km) southeast of Mount Biscoe in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Gould Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Isbul Point (Bulgarian: нос Исбул, ``Nos Isbul'' \'nos is-'bul\) is a narrow rocky point projecting 600 m from the coast of Ray Promontory into Svishtov Cove in the northwest extremity of Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Isbul Point	Antarctica
continent	Alph River is a small river of Antarctica, running into Walcott Bay, Victoria Land.	Alph River	Antarctica
continent	Mount Eyskens (71°32′S 35°36′E) is a large rock and ice massif rising to 2,300 metres (7,500 ft) next northward of Mount Derom in the Queen Fabiola Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Eyskens	Antarctica
continent	Marsh Spur (65°53′S 62°38′W) is a spur in the eastern Voden Heights about 4.5 nautical miles (8 km) south of Bildad Peak and 4.5 nautical miles west of Scar Inlet on the east side of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Marsh Spur	Antarctica
continent	Kosar Point (71°8′S 73°7′W) is a snow-covered headland forming the westernmost extremity of the Eroica Peninsula, situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Kosar Point	Antarctica
continent	The Benson Hills (70°28′S 62°17′W) are a cluster of coastal hills near the head of Smith Inlet in Antarctica, 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of Berry Massif on the east side of Palmer Land.	Benson Hills	Antarctica
continent	Cain Nunatak (63°34′S 57°42′W) is the westernmost of two isolated nunataks on the south side of Broad Valley, situated 3.37 km east-northeast of Kumata Hill on Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.	Cain Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Garnerin Point (64°41′S 62°10′W) is a point on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica, projecting into Wilhelmina Bay southeast of Pelseneer Island.	Garnerin Point	Antarctica
continent	Finback Massif (65°41′S 62°25′W) is a massif in Antarctica, rising to more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) between Stubb Glacier and Flask Glacier.	Finback Massif	Antarctica
continent	Gavin Ice Piedmont (63°44′S 59°0′W) is an ice piedmont in Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica, about 15 nautical miles (30 km) long and between 3 and 6 nautical miles (6 and 11 km) wide, extending from Charcot Bay to Russell West Glacier.	Gavin Ice Piedmont	Antarctica
continent	Mandible Cirque (73°7′S 169°15′E) is a cirque indenting the coast of Daniell Peninsula 5 nautical miles (9 km) west-southwest of Cape Phillips, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mandible Cirque	Antarctica
continent	Karpf Point (66°54′S 64°23′W) is a point along the north side of Mill Inlet, 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Mount Vartdal, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Karpf Point	Antarctica
continent	The Kraut Rocks (76°4′S 136°11′W) are a group of rock outcrops on the snow-covered, lower southwest slopes of the Mount Berlin massif, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Kraut Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Ford Spur (84°51′S 173°50′E) is a prominent spur which marks the southwestern extremity of Haynes Table, and the confluence of Keltie Glacier and Brandau Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Ford Spur	Antarctica
continent	Toney Mountain is an elongated snow-covered shield volcano, 60 km (38 mi) long and rising to 3,595 m in Richmond Peak, located 56 km (35 mi) SW of Kohler Range in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Toney Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Russian Gap (69°11′S 71°13′W) is a gap extending in a north-south direction between the Havre Mountains and Rouen Mountains, in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Russian Gap	Antarctica
continent	The Atlantic Club Ridge (Vrah Atlanticheski Klub \'vr&h a-tlan-'ti-che-ski 'klub\) is a ridge rising to 161 m on Hurd Peninsula in Eastern Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Atlantic Club Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Kasumi Rock (68°22′S 42°14′E) is a substantial rock exposure on the coast between Ichime Glacier and Kasumi Glacier in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kasumi Rock	Antarctica
continent	Geodetic Glacier (77°45′S 163°47′E) is a glacier flowing east from Bettle Peak along the north side of the Thomas Heights into Bowers Piedmont Glacier, on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Geodetic Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Vund Point (Bulgarian: нос Вунд, ``Nos Vund'' \'nos 'vund\) is the point forming the east extremity of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Vund Point	Antarctica
continent	Mathura Refinery located in the city is one of the biggest oil refineries of Asia with 8.0 MMTPA refining capacity.	Mathura	Asia
continent	The Charybdis Icefalls (70°51′S 161°10′E) are a large group of crevassed icefalls in the lower portion of Harlin Glacier, where it descends notably to join the Rennick Glacier at Victoria Land in Antarctica.	Charybdis Icefalls	Antarctica
continent	Horgebest Peak (72°34′S 0°27′E) is a peak just east of Fred Cirque in the Roots Heights, in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Horgebest Peak	Antarctica
continent	Ice Tower Ridge (77°32′S 167°7′E) is a ridge at about 3,540 metres (11,600 ft) that descends the southwestern slope of the summit crater of Mount Erebus on Ross Island, Antarctica.	Ice Tower Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Buell Peninsula (70°36′S 164°24′E) is an ice-covered peninsula terminating in Cape Williams, located between the lower ends of Lillie Glacier, George Glacier and Zykov Glacier, at the northwest end of the Anare Mountains, a major mountain range situated in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Buell Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Faulkner Nunatak (69°36′S 71°42′W) is a distinctive nunatak, about 200 metres (660 ft) high, just west of Beagle Peak, in the Lassus Mountains, in the northwest part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Faulkner Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Takahe is a large, snow-covered shield volcano standing 64 km SE of Toney Mountain in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Takahe	Antarctica
continent	Mount Frödin (64°50′S 62°50′W) is a mountain, about 600 metres (2,000 ft) high, rising 0.5 nautical miles (1 km) east-southeast of Waterboat Point, Paradise Harbor, on Danco Coast, Antarctica.	Mount Frödin	Antarctica
continent	Panagyurishte Nunatak (Nunatak Panagyurishte \'nu-na-tak pa-na-'gyu-ri-shte\) is a rocky peak of elevation 150 m projecting from Yakoruda Glacier, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Panagyurishte Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Spartacus Peak (Vrah Spartak \'vr&h spar-'tak\) is an ice-covered 650 m peak in Delchev Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Spartacus Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mellor Glacier is a tributary glacier, flowing northnortheast between Mount Newton and Mount Maguire and coalescing with Collins Glacier just prior to its junction with Lambert Glacier at Patrick Point, in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Mellor Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Caudal Hills (73°10′S 161°50′E) are a group of hills situated within Victoria Land, Antarctica the hills lie between the Sequence Hills and the Lichen Hills on the western margin of upper Rennick Glacier.	Caudal Hills	Antarctica
continent	Rosselin Glacier (69°16′S 70°53′W) is a glacier flowing southwest from the southern extremity of the Rouen Mountains into Palestrina Glacier, situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Rosselin Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Lame Dog Hut (Bulgarian: Куцото куче, Kutsoto Kuche \'ku-tso-to 'ku-che\) is a building in St. Kliment Ohridski Base on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Lame Dog Hut	Antarctica
continent	Hackerman Ridge (72°39′S 167°46′E) is a large mountainous ridge trending north-south between Gruendler Glacier and Rudolph Glacier, in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hackerman Ridge	Antarctica
continent	McCallum Pass (67°23′S 68°18′W) is a pass between the northeast ridge of Mount Mangin and the ridge on the south side of Stonehouse Bay, in the southern part of Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	McCallum Pass	Antarctica
continent	Hades Terrace is a steep, mainly ice-covered bluff along the east side of Campbell Glacier, situated just west of the Vulcan Hills in the Southern Cross Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hades Terrace	Antarctica
continent	Severinghaus Glacier (78°40′S 85°15′W) is a glacier flowing southwestward from Karnare Col along the north side of Mount Strybing and the south side of Mount Craddock into Bender Glacier in southern Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Severinghaus Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Fur Seal Point, sometimes referred to as Fur Seal Beach, is a cape mid-way along the eastern coast of Clarence Island, the easternmost of the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Fur Seal Point	Antarctica
continent	Rumdoodle Peak, elevation 875 m ASL, is a small but prominent mountain in the north-western part of the North Masson Range in Antarctica, near Mawson Station.	Rumdoodle Peak	Antarctica
continent	Post Office Hill (77°28′S 169°14′E) is a prominent hill in Antarctica, 430 m, standing 4 nautical miles (7 km) northwest of The Knoll and overlooking the Adelie penguin rookery of Cape Crozier, Ross Island.	Post Office Hill	Antarctica
continent	Laird Glacier (84°55′S 169°55′E) is a tributary glacier, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, flowing northeast from the Supporters Range, Antarctica, to enter Keltie Glacier 4 nautical miles (7 km) southeast of Ranfurly Point.	Laird Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Herschel is a conspicuous peak standing 2.6 km (1.6 mi) northeast of Mount Peacock and overlooking the terminus of Ironside Glacier from the south, in the Admiralty Mountains, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Herschel	Antarctica
continent	Cape Geddes is a cape which forms the northern end of the Ferguslie Peninsula on the north coast of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Cape Geddes	Antarctica
continent	Granite Spur (73°30′S 94°24′W) is a rock spur along the north front of the Jones Mountains of Antarctica, 0.5 nautical miles (1 km) west of Avalanche Ridge.	Granite Spur	Antarctica
continent	In 1938 Gdynia was the largest and most modern seaport on the Baltic Sea, as well as the tenth biggest in Europe.	Gdynia	Europe
continent	Branscomb Peak is a small snowy prominence of elevation 4,520 metres (14,830 ft), the highest point of the ridge that forms the top of the main west face of Vinson Massif in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Branscomb Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Elgar Uplands (69°39′S 70°43′W) are uplands rising to 1,900 metres (6,200 ft), between Tufts Pass to the north and Sullivan Glacier to the south, in the northern part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Elgar Uplands	Antarctica
continent	Flounder Island (66°1′S 65°24′W) is the largest of the Fish Islands at the north side of Holtedahl Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Flounder Island	Antarctica
continent	Howard-Williams Point (81°26′S 161°25′E) is a prominent point extending into the Ross Ice Shelf, located just north of Beaumont Bay, north east of the Surveyors Range, Antarctica.	Howard-Williams Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Kerckhove de Denterghem (72°37′S 31°8′E) is a mountain, 2,400 metres (8,000 ft) high, just north of Mount Collard in the Belgica Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Kerckhove de Denterghem	Antarctica
continent	Dusky Ledge (80°2′S 156°57′E) is an area of relatively level exposed rock at about 1,100 metres (3,600 ft) that forms the northern part of Dusky Ridge in the Britannia Range, Antarctica.	Dusky Ledge	Antarctica
continent	Harnish Creek (77°37′S 163°14′E) is a meltwater stream, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, that flows north from the unnamed glacier east of Crescent Glacier into the east part of Lake Fryxell, Taylor Valley, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Harnish Creek	Antarctica
continent	Greece ( ; , ), officially the Hellenic Republic (Greek: , ) and known since ancient times as Hellas (; Greek: , ), is a country located in southeastern Europe.	Greece	Europe
continent	Cape Westbrook (71°50′S 75°26′W) is a snow-covered cape forming the southwest extremity of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Cape Westbrook	Antarctica
continent	The Mesa Range (73°11′S 162°55′E) is a range of flat-topped mesas comprising the Sheehan, Pain, Tobin and Gair Mesas, situated at the head of the Rennick Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mesa Range	Antarctica
continent	Pine Island Glacier (PIG) is a large ice stream glacier, and the fastest melting glacier in Antarctica, responsible for about 25% of Antarctica's ice loss.	Pine Island Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Cat Nunatak (77°29′S 163°29′E) is a nunatak in Antarctica, midway between Vince Nunatak and Hogback Hill in the southern part of Wilson Piedmont Glacier, Victoria Land.	Cat Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Handel Ice Piedmont (70°20′S 71°0′W) is a large ice piedmont lying north and west of the Colbert Mountains, between Haydn Inlet and Schubert Inlet on the west-central coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Handel Ice Piedmont	Antarctica
continent	Istindhalsen Saddle is an ice saddle between Istind Peak and the Grunehogna Peaks in the Ahlmann Ridge of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Istindhalsen Saddle	Antarctica
continent	Amundsen Bay, also known as Ice Bay, is a long embayment 39 kilometres (24 mi) wide, close west of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Amundsen Bay	Antarctica
continent	Mount Longhurst (79°26′S 157°18′E) is a prominent mountain, 2,845 metres (9,330 ft) high, standing west of Mill Mountain and forming the highest point of Festive Plateau in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Longhurst	Antarctica
continent	Emona Anchorage (Zaliv Emona \'za-liv e-'mo-na\) is a roughly square embayment, the internal part of South Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica used as an anchorage for ships visiting the Bulgarian base St. Kliment Ohridski.	Emona Anchorage	Antarctica
continent	Mount Slaughter is an ice-free peak, rising to 3,600 m on a spur trending southwest from Opalchenie Peak on Vinson Plateau, Sentinel Range, in the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Slaughter	Antarctica
continent	Feeney Col (85°37′S 155°45′W) is a col at the northeast side of Feeney Peak, near the center of the Medina Peaks in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Feeney Col	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lyttleton (66°24′S 65°22′W) is a conspicuous, almost entirely snow-covered mountain near the head of Cardell Glacier, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lyttleton	Antarctica
continent	Astapenko Glacier (70°40′S 163°0′E) is a glacier, 11 miles (18 km) long, draining the north and northeast slopes of Stanwix Peak in the Bowers Mountains and flowing east-northeast to Ob' Bay, situated in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Astapenko Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Poynter Col (63°49′S 59°7′W) is a snow-filled col, over 700 m high, joining Poynter Hill and Ivory Pinnacles in northern Graham Land, Antarctica.	Poynter Col	Antarctica
continent	Mount Durham (85°33′S 151°12′W) is a mainly ice-free mountain, 860 metres (2,820 ft) high, standing at the east side of the mouth of Scott Glacier and marking the northwestern limit of the Tapley Mountains in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Durham	Antarctica
continent	Gjelsvik Spur (79°18′S 156°19′E) is a rock spur 2 nautical miles (4 km) northwest of Mount Ayres on the Butcher Ridge, in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.	Gjelsvik Spur	Antarctica
continent	Mercury Glacier (71°34′S 68°14′W) is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica, 5 nautical miles (9 km) long and 2 nautical miles (4 km) wide, flowing east into George VI Sound between the Waitabit Cliffs and Keystone Cliffs.	Mercury Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Beardmore Glacier in Antarctica is one of the largest valley glaciers in the world, being 200 km (125 mi) long and having a width of 40 km (25 mi).	Beardmore Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Mahalak Bluffs (68°17′S 65°23′W) are a discontinuous line of bluffs, 2 nautical miles (4 km) long, on the north side of Solberg Inlet, Bowman Coast, Antarctica.	Mahalak Bluffs	Antarctica
continent	Bernard Island is a rocky island 400 m long lying 500 m east of the Petrel Island in the Géologie Archipelago of Antarctica.	Bernard Island	Antarctica
continent	Inan Peak (78°20′S 162°38′E) is a peak rising to 2,451 metres (8,041 ft) 1.15 miles (1.85 km) west of Mount Kempe in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Inan Peak	Antarctica
continent	Dickey Peak (78°19′S 84°26′W) is a rocky peak rising to 1504 m in the northwestern part of the Flowers Hills in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Dickey Peak	Antarctica
continent	Kushla Peak (Bulgarian: връх Кушла, ``Vrah Kushla'' \'vr&h 'kush-la\) is the peak rising to 2300 m in Veregava Ridge, central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Kushla Peak	Antarctica
continent	Ethelbald Bluff (70°50′S 69°3′W) is a bluff composed of igneous rock forming the western end of the complex ridges trending west from Belemnite Point, Antarctica.	Ethelbald Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Keim Peak (70°44′S 159°52′E) is a noteworthy pointed rock peak, 2,045 metres (6,710 ft) high, on the southern spur of Pomerantz Tableland, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica.	Keim Peak	Antarctica
continent	Zahari Point (Nos Zahari \'nos za-'ha-ri\) is an ice-free point on the southwest coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the northwest side of the entrance to Micalvi Cove.	Zahari Point	Antarctica
continent	Mame Island is a small island lying 0.2 kilometres (0.1 nmi) west of Ongul Island in the eastern part of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Mame Island	Antarctica
continent	Horne Glacier (71°17′S 164°56′E) is a valley glacier, 6 nautical miles (11 km) long, draining southwest from the Everett Range in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Horne Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Knauff (71°36′S 169°49′E) is a mountain that rises to over 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) between Egeberg Glacier and the terminus of Dugdale Glacier on the Pennell Coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Knauff	Antarctica
continent	Jones Peninsula (71°55′S 100°50′W) is an ice-covered peninsula 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Hughes Peninsula in northwest Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Jones Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Mount Swadener (77°16′S 153°45′W) is a peak located in Edward VII Land, West Antarctica.	Mount Swadener	Antarctica
continent	Titania Peak (71°32′S 69°25′W) is a rock peak, rising to about 1,250 m, lying near the head of Uranus Glacier, 11 nautical miles (20 km) west-northwest of Mount Umbriel, situated in the central portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Titania Peak	Antarctica
continent	Labbé Rock (63°17′S 57°56′W) is a rock lying about 0.7 nautical miles (1.3 km) northwest of Largo Island in the Duroch Islands of Antarctica.	Labbé Rock	Antarctica
continent	Reilly Ridge (71°32′S 163°18′E) is a prominent rock ridge about 7 nautical miles (13 km) long on the northeast side of Lanterman Range, Bowers Mountains, Antarctica.	Reilly Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Holluschickie Bay (63°59′S 58°16′W) is a bay on the west coast of James Ross Island, Antarctica, entered between Matkah Point and Kotick Point.	Holluschickie Bay	Antarctica
continent	Oborishte Ridge (Rid Oborishte \'rid o-'bo-ri-shte\) has an elevation of 340 m in the southwest extremity of Breznik Heights, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Oborishte Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Rezovski Creek (Bulgarian: Резовски поток \'re-zov-ski po-'tok\) is a melt-water stream located on Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Rezovski Creek	Antarctica
continent	La Count Mountain (78°0′S 161°44′E) is a mostly ice-free mountain, 1,875 metres (6,150 ft) high, forming the northern portion of the Battleship massif, located between Rotunda Glacier, Blankenship Glacier, and Ferrar Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	La Count Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Mount Pinafore (69°46′S 70°52′W) is a prominent peak rising to about 1,100 m lying between Bartok Glacier and Sullivan Glacier situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Pinafore	Antarctica
continent	Prelez Gap (Bulgarian: седловина Прелез, ``Sedlovina Prelez'' \se-dlo-vi-'na 'pre-lez\) is the flat ice-covered saddle of elevation over 700 m on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, which is linking Marescot Ridge to the northwest to Louis-Philippe Plateau to the southeast.	Prelez Gap	Antarctica
continent	Raquelia Rocks is a group of three adjacent rocks in eastern South Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica formed by an offshoot of Atlantic Club Ridge halfway along the Zodiac boat route linking the Spanish Antarctic Base and the Bulgarian Antarctic Base on the island.	Raquelia Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Svelten Peak is a sharp peak rising to 300 m on Hurd Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and surmounting False Bay to the southeast.	Svelten Peak	Antarctica
continent	Indrehovdeholmen is an island lying 2.8 kilometres (1.5 nmi) west of Langhovde-kita Point in the eastern part of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Indrehovdeholmen	Antarctica
continent	Larson Valley is a relatively smooth, ice-filled valley between the south end of Inferno Ridge and Mhire Spur in the Heritage Range, Antarctica.	Larson Valley	Antarctica
continent	Median Snowfield (83°30′S 52°30′W) is a large snowfield in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica, between the Torbert Escarpment, in the Neptune Range, and the southern part of the Forrestal Range.	Median Snowfield	Antarctica
continent	Merrick Point (74°28′S 110°9′W) is an ice-covered point on the east side of Hamilton Ice Piedmont, Bear Peninsula, on the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Merrick Point	Antarctica
continent	Zanoge Hill (Bulgarian: хълм Заноге, ``Halm Zanoge'' \'h&lm za-'no-ge\) is the ice-covered hill rising to 710 m and forming the northwest extremity of Srednogorie Heights on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Zanoge Hill	Antarctica
continent	Mount Wilbye (69°30′S 71°32′W) is the highest peak (about 2,050 metres (6,730 ft)) of the Lassus Mountains in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Wilbye	Antarctica
continent	Turnpike Bluff (80°44′S 30°4′W) is a conspicuous rock bluff at the southwest extremity of the Shackleton Range, 5 nautical miles (9 km) southwest of Mount Homard in Antarctica.	Turnpike Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Leda Ridge (70°52′S 68°32′W) is a ridge running in a northeast--southwest direction lying on the west side of the Ganymede Heights, east of Jupiter Glacier, on the east side of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Leda Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Murray River (or River Murray) is Australia's longest river, at 2,508 kilometres (1,558 mi) in length.	Murray River	Australia
continent	Lokey Peak (71°50′S 64°6′W) is a small, sharp peak, or nunatak, standing at the southeastern extremity of the Guthridge Nunataks, in the Gutenko Mountains of central Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Lokey Peak	Antarctica
continent	Kennar Valley (77°46′S 160°25′E) is a small valley, ice free except for a lobe of ice marginal to Taylor Glacier at the mouth, located west of Finger Mountain in the Quartermain Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Kennar Valley	Antarctica
continent	Negra Point is the ice-free tipped point on the southwest coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the southeast side of the entrance to Mitchell Cove.	Negra Point	Antarctica
continent	Lilienthal Island is one of the Donovan Islands, lying just north of Glasgal Island in Vincennes Bay, Antarctica.	Lilienthal Island	Antarctica
continent	Dunn Spur (86°21′S 147°22′W) is a prominent rock spur which descends from Mount Blackburn and extends for 5 nautical miles (9 km) along the north side of Van Reeth Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Dunn Spur	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lira (67°52′S 48°53′E) is a mountain located 5 nautical miles (9 km) east of the Condon Hills, in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lira	Antarctica
continent	Cherepish Ridge (Cherepishki Rid \che-re-'pish-ki 'rid\) is a narrow rocky 1.1 km ridge rising to 650 m. The ridge runs in the south to north direction from the north of Intuition Peak, in the Tangra Mountains of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Cherepish Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Gommen Valley (73°53′S 5°17′W) is an ice-filled valley between Tunga Spur and Kuven Hill, near the southwest end of the Kirwan Escarpment in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Gommen Valley	Antarctica
continent	Tazieff Rocks (77°27′S 166°30′E) is a nunatak in Antarctica 0.8 nautical miles (1.5 km) southeast of Micou Point, Ross Island.	Tazieff Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Lake Joyce (77°43′S 161°38′E) is a lake which lies along the northern side of Taylor Glacier in Pearse Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lake Joyce	Antarctica
continent	Spartan Glacier (71°3′S 68°20′W) is a short valley glacier lying between Callisto Cliffs and Tombaugh Cliffs on the east side of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Spartan Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Indian Rocks is a group of rocks in eastern Hero Bay on the north side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Indian Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Finley Glacier (73°35′S 165°38′E) is a tributary glacier which drains the northwest slopes of Mount Monteagle and flows north into the upper part of Icebreaker Glacier, in the Mountaineer Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Finley Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ocoa Point is a steep headland backed by raised beach terraces at the head of New Plymouth harbour in Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ocoa Point	Antarctica
continent	Oakley Glacier (73°42′S 166°08′E), is a glacier in the Mountaineer Range that descends east from Mount Casey to merge with the floating tongue from the Icebreaker Glacier at Lady Newnes Bay, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Oakley Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Cape Hammersly (66°28′S 115°3′E) is an ice-covered cape midway between Williamson Glacier and Totten Glacier on Budd Coast, Antarctica.	Cape Hammersly	Antarctica
country of origin	Lekor or Keropok lekor is a traditional Malay fish cracker snack originated from the state of Terengganu, Malaysia.	Lekor	Malaysia
country of origin	Global National is the English language flagship national newscast of Canada's Global Television Network.	Global National	Canada
country of origin	NHL Tonight (formerly NHL on the Fly) is the flagship show on the NHL Network in Canada and the United States.	NHL Tonight	Canada
country of origin	Bondi Tsunami is a 2004 feature length Australian indie film directed by Rachael Lucas, inspired by young Japanese tourists who come to Australia on working holiday visas in search of sun and surf.	Bondi Tsunami	Australia
country of origin	Melodifestivalen 2008 was the 47th Melodifestivalen, and the selection process for the 48th song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest.	Melodifestivalen 2008	Sweden
country of origin	Though Birdcage Inn was not successful in the director's native country, South Korea, it was his first film which succeeded in attracting international attention.	Birdcage Inn	South Korea
country of origin	Red Devil Energy Drink is a premium energy drink brand that was formulated in Netherlands in 1995.	Red Devil Energy Drink	Netherlands
country of origin	Living in Your Car is a Canadian television comedy-drama series that debuted on May 7, 2010 on HBO Canada.	Living in Your Car	Canada
country of origin	Feminine Masculinity (Chinese: 先生貴性), also known as Mr. Diana, is a 1999 Hong Kong television drama produced by TVB.	Feminine Masculinity	Hong Kong
country of origin	Bow Barracks Forever is a 2004 Indian film directed by Anjan Dutt about Anglo-Indians and their difficulties in retaining their identity since the end of British India.	Bow Barracks Forever	India
country of origin	Guma Guma Super Star aka PGGSS is an annual Rwanda reality singing competition show like no other.	Guma Guma Super Star	Rwanda
country of origin	Coal House is a Welsh television series made by Indus Films for BBC Wales, and broadcast on BBC One Wales, with a subsequent UK wide repeat of both series on BBC Four.	Coal House	Wales
country of origin	Gliding On was a popular television sit-com in New Zealand in the early 1980s.	Gliding On	New Zealand
country of origin	Based on the children's novel by celebrated South Australian author 'Colin Thiele', this is an emotional father and son story about tuna fishing of Southern Blue Fin tuna in South Australia's Port Lincoln fishing district.	Blue Fin	Australia
country of origin	The Blue Rose is a New Zealand crime drama television series, which was created by Rachel Lang and James Griffin and produced by South Pacific Pictures.	The Blue Rose	New Zealand
country of origin	Iba-Balita Ngayon was the first noontime newscast of Studio 23 in the Philippines pitting up against GMA News TV's Balitanghali.	Iba-Balita Ngayon	Philippines
country of origin	The Hiroshima Witness program was produced in 1986 by the Hiroshima Peace Cultural Center and NHK, the public broadcasting company of Japan.	Hiroshima Witness	Japan
country of origin	Urnebes (Serbian Cyrillic: Урнебес) (translation: disorder, mess) is a type of salad characteristic of Serbian cuisine prominent in the city of Niš and southern Serbia.	Urnebes	Serbia
country of origin	Guts of Man (Traditional Chinese: 肝膽崑崙), also called Courageous Kunlun, was a Hong Kong TVB costume action series produced by Tommy Leung Choi Yuen.	Guts of Man	Hong Kong
country of origin	Latvijas Vēstnesis (The Latvian Messenger) is the public journal of the Republic of Latvia.	Latvijas Vēstnesis	Latvia
country of origin	Beyond Invention is an 8-part documentary television series that premiered on February 12, 2004 on Discovery Channel Canada and, as of 2007, airs on the Science Channel.	Beyond Invention	Canada
country of origin	Seyran Ateş (born 20 April 1963) is a German lawyer and Muslim feminist born in Istanbul, Turkey of Kurdish descent.	Seyran Ateş	Turkey
country of origin	Olvi Cola (formerly Classic Cola) is a cola soft drink manufactured by Olvi in Finland.	Olvi Cola	Finland
country of origin	Kailangan Kita (I Need You), a 2002 film in the Philippines that tackles a beautiful love story shot in the province of Bicol.	Kailangan Kita	Philippines
country of origin	Goodbye Pork Pie is a 1981 New Zealand film directed by Geoff Murphy and written by Geoff Murphy and Ian Mune.	Goodbye Pork Pie	New Zealand
country of origin	The Blood Rose opened in France on September 25, 1970.	The Blood Rose	France
country of origin	Clara Sheller is a French television series created by Nicolas Mercier after the idea of Stéphanie Tchou-Cotta that was aired from 18 May 2005 to 3 December 2008 on France 2.	Clara Sheller	France
country of origin	Rica-rica or sometimes simply called rica is a type of hot and spicy bumbu (spice mixture) found in Manado cuisine of North Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Rica-rica	Indonesia
country of origin	Morlacco or Morlacco di Grappa cheese originates from Mount Grappa (provinces of Vicenza, Treviso, and Belluno in Italy) where cheesemakers once produced a soft cow's milk cheese, low in fat, with an uncooked curd that was named after their native region:	Morlacco	Italy
country of origin	Chhena gaja (Odia: ଛେନାଗଜା, chēnāgajā) is a sweet dish from Odisha, India.	Chhena gaja	India
country of origin	L'Affaire Louis' Trio (L'ALT for short) were an art pop band from Lyon, France.	L'Affaire Louis' Trio	France
country of origin	Cosmos Music Group (formerly Bonnier Amigo Music Group (BAMG)) is an independent record company based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Cosmos Music Group	Sweden
country of origin	``Neem Ka Ped'' tells the story of a ``asami'' i.e. tenant/serf and labourer and his landlord master, story starting in pre-independent India and ending in post independent India, showing the vagaries of both the feudal and democratic systems in India with its darker side.	Neem Ka Ped	India
country of origin	Kisaan (Hindi: किसान Kisān) is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Puneet Sira., which focuses on Farmers' suicides in India Its title is Hindi for ``farmer''.	Kisaan	India
country of origin	Honey dill is a condiment consisting of honey, mayonnaise, and dried dill that is unique to Manitoba, Canada.	Honey dill	Canada
country of origin	Krechek or krecek or sambal goreng krechek is a traditional Javanese cattle skin spicy stew dish from Yogyakarta and Central Java, Indonesia.	Krechek	Indonesia
country of origin	The Day the Sky Exploded was shown in Rome, Italy in September 1958.	The Day the Sky Exploded	Italy
country of origin	Debate with Mare at Pare (Debate With Mare And Pare) is a highly watched open debate show in the Philippines.	Debate with Mare at Pare	Philippines
country of origin	Pan de muerto (Spanish for bread of the dead), also called pan de los muertos or dead bread in the United States, is a type of sweet roll traditionally baked in Mexico during the weeks leading up to the Día de Muertos, which is celebrated on November 1 and 2.	Pan de muerto	Mexico
country of origin	The Day of Days is a 2013 Hong Kong television period-drama serial produced by TVB under producer Leung Choi-yuen.	The Day of Days	Hong Kong
country of origin	Sofia's Last Ambulance (a co-production of Germany, Bulgaria, and Croatia) is a feature-length observational documentary film by Bulgarian director Ilian Metev.	Sofia's Last Ambulance	Germany
country of origin	The Mutschel is a traditional star-shaped bread from Reutlingen, Germany.	Mutschel	Germany
country of origin	Latvijas Avīze (English: Latvia's Newspaper) is a Latvian language national daily newspaper in Latvia, published in Riga.	Latvijas Avīze	Latvia
country of origin	Provjereno showcases investigative journalism reports which focus on social and political problems in Croatia, but is also well known for its experimental reports and occasionally more light-hearted segments.	Provjereno	Croatia
country of origin	Grease Is the Word was the United Kingdom version of NBC's Grease:	Grease Is the Word	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Other Truth is a 2011 Hong Kong television legal drama serial produced by Amy Wong and TVB.	The Other Truth	Hong Kong
country of origin	He Has Nothing But Kung Fu (Chinese: 功夫小子) is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Lau Kar-wing, starring Gordon Liu and Wong Yue.	He Has Nothing But Kung Fu	Hong Kong
country of origin	The AK-74M would have been adopted by the Soviet Union as the standard service rifle, and has been accepted as the new service rifle of the Russian Federation with some AK-74Ms featuring a Picatinny rail for easier mounting of optics that lack a side-rail mount.	AK-74	Soviet Union
country of origin	In Indonesia, Kolak is one the most favorite dessert for Iftar during the holy month of Ramadan, as it is sweet, filling, and very easy to make.	Kolak	Indonesia
country of origin	Each episode features the host of Dream Destinations going to a different places within India, and exploring the geography and culture of the areas.	Dream Destinations	India
country of origin	The Bâton à feu, or Baston à feu (French for ``Fire stick''), is a type of hand cannon developed in the 14th century in Western Europe.	Bâton à feu	Western Europe
country of origin	Where the Legend Begins is a 2002 Hong Kong television series produced by TVB.	Where the Legend Begins	Hong Kong
country of origin	Invisible Target (Chinese: 男兒本色) is a 2007 Hong Kong action film written, produced and directed by Benny Chan.	Invisible Target	Hong Kong
country of origin	Crow Mother is a progressive rock band from Riga (Latvia) that was formed in 2012.	Crow Mother	Latvia
country of origin	Muhallebi also known as Muhallabia, Mahallebi or Mahallepi (in Turkish, meaning custard, Greek: Μαχαλλεπί (Mahallepi)) is a creamy pudding, similar to blancmange, in the cuisines of Cyprus and Turkey.	Muhallebi	Turkey
country of origin	Le Palais des Thés is a tea production company based in France.	Le Palais des Thés	France
country of origin	Mundane History centres on the friendship that develops between a young paralysed man from a wealthy Bangkok family and his male nurse from Isan in the North of Thailand.	Mundane History	Thailand
country of origin	Ben Shewry (born 1977) is a New Zealand-born chef and owner of Attica restaurant.	Ben Shewry	New Zealand
country of origin	Daughters of Darkness (in France, Les Lèvres rouges, and in Belgium, Le Rouge aux lèvres, both literally translated as The Red Lips; in Dutch, Dorst Naar Bloed, meaning ``Blood Thirst'') is a 1971 Belgian horror film (with dialogue in English), directed by Harry Kümel.	Daughters of Darkness	France
country of origin	When Maryam Spoke Out (Arabic: لمّا حكيت مريم Lamma hikyit maryam‎) is a 2001 Lebanese film directed by Assad Fouladkar and based on a true event that happened in Lebanon.	When Maryam Spoke Out	Lebanon
country of origin	Grievous Bodily Harm grossed $82,267 at the box office in Australia.	Grievous Bodily Harm	Australia
country of origin	Sentro (Filipino word for ``center'') was an evening news broadcast of Associated Broadcasting Company in the Philippines anchored by Martin Andanar.	Sentro	Philippines
country of origin	Glitter Force, known in Japan as Smile PreCure! (Japanese: スマイルプリキュア! Hepburn: Sumairu PuriKyua!, lit. ``Smile Pretty Cure!''), is a 2012 Japanese television anime series by Toei Animation and the ninth installment in Izumi Todo's Pretty Cure franchise.	Glitter Force	Japan
country of origin	Exterminators of the Year 3000 was shot in Italy and Spain by director Giuliano Carnimeo who is credited under the name Jules Harrison.	Exterminators of the Year 3000	Italy	Spain
country of origin	Murun Buchstansangur was a series of animated shorts produced by Bevanfield Films for the TV station Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.	Murun Buchstansangur	United Kingdom
country of origin	In each season of Körslaget, seven known musicians from Sweden start their own choirs with 20 members in each.	Körslaget	Sweden
country of origin	CTV Morning Live is the name of the local morning newscasts airing on CTV's owned-and-operated stations in Western Canada, specifically, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Saskatoon and Regina and, Winnipeg as well as on CTV Two stations in Ottawa and Atlantic Canada.	CTV Morning Live	Canada
country of origin	Rammstein headlined a 17-show tour of Germany in December, which did much to boost the band's popularity and establish them as a credible live act.	Rammstein	Germany
country of origin	Feng Shui Family (Chinese: 風水世家; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Hong-suí Sè-ka) is a Taiwanese-language television drama that began airing on Formosa TV in Taiwan on 17 July 2012.	Feng Shui Family	Taiwan
country of origin	DigiListan is a Swedish radio programme in SR P3 airing the top singles sold electronically to computers, mobile phones and other kinds of media players in Sweden (downloaded music).	DigiListan	Sweden
country of origin	The Hindu said Daawat-e-Ishq was a ``potent recipe'', and Times of India gave a 4.0 rating.	Daawat-e-Ishq	India
country of origin	Mooh Boli Shaadi is an Indian television romantic-drama soap opera which premiered on 23 February 2015 aired on Sony Entertainment Television India.	Mooh Boli Shaadi	India
country of origin	Off the Edge is a 1976 New Zealand documentary film directed by Michael Firth.	Off the Edge	New Zealand
country of origin	Rapper sword (also known as the ``Short Sword'' dance) is a variation of sword dance that emerged from the pit villages of Tyneside in North East England, where miners first performed the tradition.	Rapper sword	England
country of origin	In addition to the Soviet Union and Russia, the DShK has been manufactured under license by a number of countries, including the People's Republic of China, Pakistan and Romania.	DShK	Soviet Union
country of origin	Screaming Masterpiece (Gargandi snilld in Icelandic) is a 2005 documentary film directed and written by Ari Alexander Ergis Magnússon about the music scene in Iceland.	Screaming Masterpiece	Iceland
country of origin	Going by the Book was released in South Korea on 18 October 2007, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 464,699 admissions.	Going by the Book	South Korea
country of origin	Smith & Smith has aired in reruns on TV Land Canada.	Smith & Smith	Canada
country of origin	Carts of Darkness is a 2008 National Film Board of Canada documentary film by Murray Siple about a group of homeless men in the city of North Vancouver, who use shopping carts to collect bottles and cans to return for money and also race down the city's steep slope for thrills.	Carts of Darkness	Canada
country of origin	Gogs!, or simply Gogs, is a claymation-style animated television series which takes the form of a sitcom, originally aired on Welsh television in 1993, and aired to the rest of the United Kingdom on the BBC in 1996.	Gogs	United Kingdom
country of origin	Hunkeler macht Sachen is a 2008 Swiss German language television film that was filmed and produced at locations in Switzerland and in France.	Hunkeler macht Sachen	Switzerland
country of origin	Viru Valge is a vodka produced in Estonia by Liviko.	Viru Valge	Estonia
country of origin	During World War I, when the Netherlands was officially neutral, Holdert's French sympathies and his pro-British standpoint caused De Telegraaf to be the focus of some controversy, as the Netherlands were usually pro-German at the time.	De Telegraaf	Netherlands
country of origin	Memelas are fried or toasted cakes made of masa topped with different fresh ingredients eaten as antojitos or snacks in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico which has its origins in Prehispanic food.	Memela	Mexico
country of origin	Pathia is a form of curry predominantly available in the curry houses of the United Kingdom.	Pathia	United Kingdom
country of origin	Fan Pan Tae (แฟนพันธุ์แท้) is a quiz show of Thailand.	Fan Pan Tae	Thailand
country of origin	The movie was released in Canada in 1991, under the Black Pearls name, but was not released in the United States until 1994, where it was released directly to video by Imperial Entertainment under the Fearless Tiger name.	Fearless Tiger	Canada
country of origin	Tesyn is a type of smoked Goat's milk cheese from Cornwall in the United Kingdom.	Tesyn	United Kingdom
country of origin	13-year-old Riyaz (Amit Phalke) lives a poor lifestyle in Bombay, India, with his grandmother, Fayyuzi (Surekha Sikri), and her sister, Mehmooda Begum alias Mammo (Farida Jalal).	Mammo	India
country of origin	Housewives' Holiday (simplified Chinese: 煮妇的假期) is a Singaporean Chinese drama, which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	Housewives' Holiday	Singapore
country of origin	Curse of the Royal Harem (Traditional Chinese: 萬凰之王; literally ``The King Among Ten Thousand Phoenixes'') is a 2011 Hong Kong period drama produced by TVB under executive producer Chong Wai-kin.	Curse of the Royal Harem	Hong Kong
country of origin	Daddy Good Deeds (Traditional Chinese : 當旺爸爸) is a Hong Kong television comedy serial produced by TVB featuring Ha Yu, Steven Ma, Linda Chung, Evergreen Mak, Nancy Wu, Edwin Siu, Cilla Kung, and Chow Chung.	Daddy Good Deeds	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Human Vapor, known in Japan as Gas Human No. 1 (ガス人間第一号 Gasu Ningen dai Ichi-gō), is a tokusatsu film produced and released by Toho Studios in 1960.	The Human Vapor	Japan
country of origin	The premise of Oz and Hugh Drink to Christmas is Clarke and Dennis' tasting experience throughout the United Kingdom sampling a variety or beverages ``Christmas tipple'' traditionally associated with the holiday season.	Oz and Hugh Drink to Christmas	United Kingdom
country of origin	Julie Goodwin (born 31 October 1970) is an Australian cook and singer who came to public attention when she won the inaugural season of MasterChef Australia in 2009, defeating artist Poh Ling Yeow in the final.	Julie Goodwin	Australia
country of origin	Songsoptok (Bengali: সংশপ্তক Shôngshôptôk) is a drama serial which aired on Bangladesh Television.	Songsoptok	Bangladesh
country of origin	Är du kär i mej ännu Klas-Göran? is a song written by Stig ``Stikkan Andersson, and a Lill-Babs recording became a major hit song in Sweden in 1959.	Är du kär i mej ännu Klas-Göran?	Sweden
country of origin	Also during the 1970s, Adelaide television station ADS-7 produced their own version of The Penthouse Club with Bob Francis, Anne Wills and Sandy Roberts - with the program and presenters winning a number of TV Week Logie Awards for popularity in South Australia.	The Penthouse Club	Australia
country of origin	Rajaton performs primarily in Finland but also tours around Europe and the rest of the world, having performed in over 25 countries.	Rajaton	Finland
country of origin	Atlántico Diario is a Spanish language daily newspaper for the Vigo metropolitan area of Galicia in Spain.	Atlántico Diario	Spain
country of origin	Air Aces is a Cineflix produced series that airs on History channel in Canada.	Air Aces	Canada
country of origin	Polska Zbrojna (Armed Poland) is a weekly magazine on military and military history, published in Poland.	Polska Zbrojna	Poland
country of origin	Aamar Bhuvan is a 2002 Bengali film directed by Mrinal Sen. The film depicts a place of India where people live peacefully and love each other despite the hatred and violence that scars the rest of the nation.	Aamar Bhuvan	India
country of origin	Sarkarnama (Marathi: सरकारनामा) is a Marathi film directed by Shrabani Deodhar released in India in 1998.	Sarkarnama	India
country of origin	Kabloonak was released theatrically on September 16, 1994 in Canada.	Kabloonak	Canada
country of origin	Karnadi Anemer Bangkong (English: Karnadi the Frog Contractor; also known as Karnadi Tangkep Bangkong, meaning Karnadi Catches Frogs) is a 1930 comedy from the Dutch East Indies directed by G. Krugers.	Karnadi Anemer Bangkong	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	Boiron (Euronext: BOI) is a manufacturer of homeopathic products, headquartered in France and with an operating presence in 59 countries worldwide.	Boiron	France
country of origin	Bujang Lapok Kembali Daa, or The Return of the Three Bachelors is a 1986 Malaysia comedy film directed, written and acted in by Aziz Sattar.	Bujang Lapok Kembali Daa	Malaysia
country of origin	Headquartered in Vantaa, Finland, Suunto employs more than 300 people worldwide, and its products are sold in over 100 countries.	Suunto	Finland
country of origin	Pan mee (Chinese: 板麺, pronounced as ban mian) is a Hakka-style noodle, originating from Malaysia.	Pan mee	Malaysia
country of origin	Lur Berri is a cooperative food company in southwest France, created in 1936.	Lur Berri	France
country of origin	MegaMan NT Warrior, known in Japan as Rockman.EXE (ロックマンエグゼ Rokkuman Eguze), is an anime and manga series based on Capcom's Mega Man Battle Network video game series, part of the Mega Man franchise.	MegaMan NT Warrior	Japan
country of origin	Ruse of Engagement (Chinese: 叛逃; Jyutping: Bun6 Tou4; literally ``The Traitor Escapes'') is a Hong Kong action crime television drama produced by TVB.	Ruse of Engagement	Hong Kong
country of origin	According to Box Office India,Bandook fails completely at boxoffice and termed as disaster.	Bandook	India
country of origin	Die Männer der Emden is a 2012 German film directed and co-written by Berengar Pfahl that is an account of members of the crew of SMS Emden making their way back to Germany after the Battle of Cocos.	Die Männer der Emden	Germany
country of origin	After the Ballot (Original French title: Chers électeurs) is a documentary film by Manuel Foglia, produced by the National Film Board of Canada.	After the Ballot	Canada
country of origin	And the Big Men Fly is an Australia-based play by Alan Hopgood, written in 1963.	And the Big Men Fly	Australia
country of origin	Bio Zombie (simplified Chinese: 生化寿尸; traditional Chinese: 生化壽屍; pinyin: Shēng Huà Shòu Shī; Jyutping: Sang1 Faa3 Sau6 Si1) is a 1998 Hong Kong zombie comedy film, starring Jordan Chan.	Bio Zombie	Hong Kong
country of origin	Heart of Dragon, released in the United Kingdom as Heart of the Dragon, is a 1985 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Sammo Hung, who also starred in the lead role.	Heart of Dragon	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne is a 22-episode science fiction television series in the steampunk genre that first aired in June 2000 on CBC Television in Canada.	The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne	Canada
country of origin	Salyut 1 (DOS-1) (Russian: Салют-1; English translation: Salute 1) was the first space station of any kind, launched by the Soviet Union on April 19, 1971.	Salyut 1	Soviet Union
country of origin	Minties is a brand of confectionery originating in Australia and manufactured in both Australia and New Zealand for their respective markets.	Minties	Australia
country of origin	Gudeg is a traditional Javanese cuisine from Yogyakarta and Central Java, Indonesia.	Gudeg	Indonesia
country of origin	The Inbetweeners 2 was released on 6 August 2014 in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, to positive reception from critics.	The Inbetweeners 2	United Kingdom
country of origin	Kaeng pa (Thai: แกงป่า, pronounced (kɛ̄ːŋ pàː), lit. ``forest curry'' or ``jungle curry'') is a variety of Thai curry from the forested areas of northern Thailand.	Kaeng pa	Thailand
country of origin	Grantig was a metal band from Munich, Germany.	Grantig	Germany
country of origin	Servair is a subsidiary of the French airline Air France, specialised in airline catering.	Servair	France
country of origin	The Pergaminho Sharrer (Portuguese: (pɨɾɣɐˈmiɲu ˈʃaʁɛɾ); Galician: Pergamiño Sharrer; IPA: (peɾɣaˈmiɲo ˈʃareɾ), Sharrer Parchment) is the name given to a mediaeval parchment fragment containing seven songs by King Dinis I of Portugal, with lyrics in the Galician-Portuguese language and musical notation.	Pergaminho Sharrer	Portugal
country of origin	The winner of Total Drama World Tour is Alejandro in Canada, while Heather is the runner-up.	Total Drama World Tour	Canada
country of origin	Return Home grossed $60,000 at the box office in Australia,.	Return Home	Australia
country of origin	First published on 5 March 1876, Corriere della Sera is one of Italy's oldest newspapers.	Corriere della Sera	Italy
country of origin	The History of a Crime (French: Histoire d'un crime, 1877) is an essay by Victor Hugo about Napoleon III's takeover of France.	The History of a Crime	France
country of origin	Eva del Edén is a Peruvian television drama, the story is set in Lima, Peru in 1540s during Spanish colonial regime.	Eva del Edén	Peru
country of origin	Little Big Star is a singing contest aired every Saturday afternoon on ABS-CBN in the Philippines and internationally on The Filipino Channel.	Little Big Star	Philippines
country of origin	Maaf, Saya Menghamili Istri Anda (Sorry, I've Impregnated Your Wife) is a 2007 Indonesia film written and directed by Monty Tiwa.	Maaf, Saya Menghamili Istri Anda	Indonesia
country of origin	Tutto tutto niente niente is an Italian film starring comedian Antonio Albanese as his famous character Cetto La Qualunque, a sleazy Southern Italy politician.	Tutto tutto niente niente	Italy
country of origin	Fleurs d'amour, fleurs d'amitié was a Canadian variety television series which aired on Radio-Canada in 1968.	Fleurs d'amour, fleurs d'amitié	Canada
creator	Mr. Bean is a British sitcom created by Rowan Atkinson and Richard Curtis, and starring Atkinson in the title role.	Mr. Bean	Rowan Atkinson
creator	The Portrait of Folco Portinari is a painting by the German painter Hans Memling, dating to c. 1490.	Portrait of Folco Portinari	Hans Memling
creator	A Private View at the Royal Academy, 1881 is a painting by the English artist William Powell Frith exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts in London in 1883.	A Private View at the Royal Academy, 1881	William Powell Frith
creator	Large Arch is an outdoor sculpture by British sculptor Henry Moore.	Large Arch	Henry Moore
creator	Women in the Prison is an 1899 painting by Hungarian painter Ottó Baditz.	Women in the Prison	Ottó Baditz
creator	Monument to Balzac is a sculpture by Auguste Rodin in memory of the French novelist Honoré Balzac.	Monument to Balzac	Auguste Rodin
creator	Following the end of Upstairs, Downstairs in 1975 there were many ideas for spin-offs, and the idea for Thomas & Sarah was originally given the name In Confidence by Alfred Shaughnessy and John Hawkesworth.	Thomas & Sarah	Alfred Shaughnessy
creator	Lady Mechanika is a steampunk comic created by comic artist Joe Benitez.	Lady Mechanika	Joe Benitez
creator	Sleeping Girl is a 1964 oil and Magna on canvas pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.	Sleeping Girl	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	Jean Wauquelin presenting his 'Chroniques de Hainaut' to Philip the Good is a presentation miniature believed to have been painted by the Flemish artist Rogier van der Weyden (or if not actually from his hand then certainly by his workshop to his designs).	Jean Wauquelin presenting his 'Chroniques de Hainaut' to Philip the Good	Rogier van der Weyden
creator	The Equestrian Portrait of Prince Balthasar Charles is a 1635 equestrian portrait of Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias by Diego Velázquez.	Equestrian Portrait of Prince Balthasar Charles	Diego Velázquez
creator	Mountains at Collioure is a 1905 painting by French painter André Derain.	Mountains at Collioure	André Derain
creator	John Carter of Mars is a fictional Virginian transported to Mars, and the initial protagonist of Edgar Rice Burroughs' Barsoom stories.	John Carter of Mars	Edgar Rice Burroughs
creator	Pepper No. 30 is one of the best-known photographs taken by Edward Weston.	Pepper No. 30	Edward Weston
creator	The Altarpiece of the Saints John is a painting by Bernat Martorell conserved at the National Art Museum of Catalonia.	Altarpiece of the Saints John	Bernat Martorell
creator	The Bridge in Curve is a 1930 painting by Australian artist Grace Cossington Smith.	The Bridge in Curve	Grace Cossington Smith
creator	The The Gallant Lords of Bois-Doré (fr.: Les beaux messieurs de Bois-Doré) is a 1976 film adaption of the historical novel by George Sand directed by Bernard Borderie.	The Gallant Lords of Bois-Doré	Bernard Borderie
creator	The Titan's Goblet is an oil painting by the English-born American landscape artist Thomas Cole.	The Titan's Goblet	Thomas Cole
creator	Memory 99 is an outdoor steel sculpture by Lee Kelly, located at the North Park Blocks in downtown Portland, Oregon.	Memory 99	Lee Kelly
creator	The Five laws of library science is a theory proposed by S. R. Ranganathan in 1931, detailing the principles of operating a library system.	Five laws of library science	S. R. Ranganathan
creator	Decemviri Altarpiece (Italian: Pala dei Decemviri) is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Pietro Perugino, executed in 1495-1496, and housed in the Pinacoteca Vaticana in Rome.	Decemviri Altarpiece	Pietro Perugino
creator	Woman in a Red Armchair is a painting by artist Pablo Picasso.	Woman in a Red Armchair	Pablo Picasso
creator	Kesslers Knigge (English title: Kessler's Etiquette) is a German comedy series starring Michael Kessler as himself as in the title.	Kesslers Knigge	Michael Kessler
creator	Apparition of the Virgin of the Pillar to Saint James and his Saragossan disciples is a 1768-69 painting by Francisco de Goya.	Apparition of the Virgin of the Pillar to Saint James and his Saragossan disciples	Francisco de Goya
creator	Luxe, Calme et Volupté is an oil painting by the French artist Henri Matisse.	Luxe, Calme et Volupté	Henri Matisse
creator	Rinzen is an sculpture by Antoni Tàpies conserved at MACBA, the Contemporary Art Museum of Barcelona.	Rinzen	Antoni Tàpies
creator	Paula's Party is a show on the Food Network hosted by Paula Deen.	Paula's Party	Paula Deen
creator	On the Threshold of Liberty (in French, Au seuil de la liberté) refers to two oil on canvas paintings by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte.	On the Threshold of Liberty	René Magritte
creator	1.26 is a public art sculpture commission designed by artist Janet Echelman for Denver's inaugural Biennial of the Americas celebration in July 2010.	1.26	Janet Echelman
creator	Miami Vice is an American television crime drama series created by Anthony Yerkovich and produced by Michael Mann for NBC.	Miami Vice	Anthony Yerkovich
creator	The Cemetery (in Swedish: Kyrkogården) is an 1877 painting by Swedish artist Carl Fredrik Hill.	The Cemetery	Carl Fredrik Hill
creator	Triptych, 1976 is a large triptych painted by the British artist Francis Bacon in 1976.	Triptych, 1976	Francis Bacon
creator	The Pastoral Concert, Fête champêtre or Le Concert champêtre is an oil painting of c. 1509 attributed to either of the Italian Renaissance masters, Titian (more usually today) or Giorgione.	Pastoral Concert	Titian	Giorgione
creator	Eight Elvises is a 1963 silkscreen painting by American pop artist Andy Warhol.	Eight Elvises	Andy Warhol
creator	The series starred the actor Ernie Coombs as ``Mr. Dressup.''	Mr. Dressup	Ernie Coombs
creator	The name ``Further-eastern European Time'' seems to have come from work on the tz database.	Further-eastern European Time	tz database
creator	Deputy Dawg is a Terrytoons cartoon character featured on the animated television series of the same name.	Deputy Dawg	Terrytoons
creator	LightShed is a 2004 sculpture by Liz Magor, located on the seawall of Harbour Green Park in the Coal Harbour neighborhood of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	LightShed	Liz Magor
creator	Woman with Flowered Hat is a 1963 pop art painting with Magna on canvas by Roy Lichtenstein.	Woman with Flowered Hat	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	Butcher's Shop is the title of two paintings by the Italian Baroque painter Annibale Carracci, both dating from the early 1580s.	Butcher's Shop	Annibale Carracci
creator	Gunsmoke is an American radio and television Western drama series created by director Norman Macdonnell and writer John Meston.	Gunsmoke	Norman Macdonnell
creator	Wallace and Gromit is a British clay animation comedy series created by Nick Park of Aardman Animations.	Wallace and Gromit	Nick Park
creator	Timbits is the brand name of a bite-sized confectionery sold at the Canadian-based franchise Tim Hortons.	Timbits	Tim Hortons
creator	The V&A Rotunda Chandelier (often known as V&A Chandelier and originally called Ice Blue and Spring Green Chandelier) is a glass sculpture by Dale Chihuly.	V&A Rotunda Chandelier	Dale Chihuly
creator	The Trivulzio Madonna is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Andrea Mantegna, executed in 1497.	Trivulzio Madonna	Andrea Mantegna
creator	The Dame Edna Treatment was a British, ITV talk show created by Barry Humphries and starring his characters Dame Edna Everage and Sir Les Patterson.	The Dame Edna Treatment	Barry Humphries
creator	French in Action is a French language course, developed by Professor Pierre Capretz of Yale University.	French in Action	Pierre Capretz
creator	The Tomb of Pope Julius II is a sculptural and architectural ensemble by Michelangelo and his assistants, originally commissioned in 1505 but not completed until 1545 on a much reduced scale.	Tomb of Pope Julius II	Michelangelo
creator	The Division is an American crime drama television series created by Deborah Joy LeVine and starring Bonnie Bedelia.	The Division	Deborah Joy LeVine
creator	Live from Abbey Road Limited is an independent production company formed by the series'' producer, Michael Gleason.	Live from Abbey Road	Michael Gleason
creator	John Byrne's Next Men (also known as Next Men or JBNM) is a comic book series written and drawn by John Byrne.	Next Men	John Byrne
creator	Life Underground (2001) is a permanent public artwork created by American sculptor Tom Otterness for the 14th Street --	Life Underground	Tom Otterness
creator	Gideon's Way is a British television crime series made by ITC Entertainment and broadcast for ITV in 1965/66, based on the novels by John Creasey (as J. J. Marric).	Gideon's Way	John Creasey
creator	Commissaire Moulin (English: Police Commissioner Moulin) is a French television series created by Paul Andréota and Claude Boissol and starring Yves Rénier as the titular character, Commissaire Jean-Paul Moulin.	Commissaire Moulin	Paul Andréota
creator	The LilyPond project was started in 1996 by Han-Wen Nienhuys and Jan Nieuwenhuizen, after they decided to abandon work on MPP (MusiXTeX PreProcessor), a project they began collaborating on in 1995.	LilyPond	Han-Wen Nienhuys	Jan Nieuwenhuizen
creator	Portrait of Christina of Denmark was painted with oil on oak panel by Hans Holbein the Younger in 1538.	Portrait of Christina of Denmark	Hans Holbein
creator	The Daughters of Edward Darley Boit (originally titled Portraits d'enfants) is a painting by John Singer Sargent.	The Daughters of Edward Darley Boit	John Singer Sargent
creator	The Derby Day is a large oil painting showing a panoramic view of the Epsom Derby, painted by William Powell Frith over 15 months from 1856 to 1858.	The Derby Day	William Powell Frith
creator	Yellow Odalisque is the title of two paintings by Henri Matisse:	Yellow Odalisque	Henri Matisse
creator	The Phantom is a long-running American adventure comic strip, first published by Mandrake the Magician creator Lee Falk in February 1936.	The Phantom	Lee Falk
creator	Ambroży Kleks, commonly referred to as Pan Kleks (Mr. Inkblot), is a fictional character in a series of books by Polish writer Jan Brzechwa.	Pan Kleks	Jan Brzechwa
creator	A Lady Writing a Letter (also known as A Lady Writing; Dutch: Schrijvend meisje) is an oil painting attributed to 17th century Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer.	A Lady Writing a Letter	Johannes Vermeer
creator	Series creator Matt Groening said he suggested that Kavner voice Patty and Selma as characters who ``suck the life out of everything....''	Patty and Selma	Matt Groening
creator	The Four Apostles is a panel painting by the German Renaissance master Albrecht Dürer.	The Four Apostles	Albrecht Dürer
creator	Ascent of the Blessed is a Hieronymus Bosch painting made after 1490.	Ascent of the Blessed	Hieronymus Bosch
creator	The Embarkation for Cythera (``L'Embarquement pour Cythère'') is a painting by the French painter Jean-Antoine Watteau.	The Embarkation for Cythera	Antoine Watteau
creator	The Yellow Christ (in French: Le Christ jaune) is a painting executed by Paul Gauguin in autumn 1889 in Pont-Aven.	The Yellow Christ	Paul Gauguin
creator	Marlene Marlowe Investigates is a short-lived BBC children's programme based on the book by Roy Apps about an incompetent detective and her many adventures.	Marlene Marlowe Investigates	Roy Apps
creator	Girl in Red Tights (c. 1948) is a painting by Australian artist Constance Stokes.	Girl in Red Tights	Constance Stokes
creator	Hangin' with Mr. Cooper was produced by Jeff Franklin Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television (it was produced by Lorimar Television for the first season only, before it was absorbed by Warner Bros.), and also became produced by Bickley-Warren Productions by the third season.	Hangin' with Mr. Cooper	Jeff Franklin
creator	The Secret Life of Machines is an educational television series presented by Tim Hunkin and Rex Garrod, in which the two explain the inner workings and history of common household and office machinery.	The Secret Life of Machines	Tim Hunkin
creator	Portrait of Giovanni di Nicolao Arnolfini is a small c. 1438 portrait by Jan van Eyck believed to be the same person as in the famous 1434 Arnolfini Portrait due to the similarities of facial features.	Portrait of Giovanni di Nicolao Arnolfini	Jan van Eyck
creator	Game of Bowls is a 1908 painting by the French artist Henri Matisse.	Game of Bowls	Henri Matisse
creator	The Return of the Dove to the Ark is a painting by Sir John Everett Millais, completed in 1851.	The Return of the Dove to the Ark	John Everett Millais
creator	Candaules, King of Lydia, Shews his Wife by Stealth to Gyges, One of his Ministers, as She Goes to Bed, also known as The Imprudence of Candaules, is a 45.1 by 55.9 cm (17.8 by 22.0 in) oil painting on canvas by English artist William Etty, first exhibited in 1830.	Candaules, King of Lydia, Shews his Wife by Stealth to Gyges, One of his Ministers, as She Goes to Bed	William Etty
creator	CNN World News, a program that airs on CNN International and CNN International Asia Pacific.	CNN World News	CNN International
creator	Pecado de Amor (1995--1996) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venevisión.	Pecado de Amor	Venevisión
creator	My Spy Family is a live action family comedy series created by Paul Alexander that is being aired on:	My Spy Family	Paul Alexander
creator	Garfield and Friends is an American animated television series based on the comic strip Garfield by Jim Davis.	Garfield and Friends	Jim Davis
creator	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (also known as simply Dobie Gillis or Max Shulman's Dobie Gillis in later seasons and in syndication) is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from September 29, 1959, to June 5, 1963.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis	Max Shulman
creator	Neues aus Büttenwarder is a German TV Series which airs on Norddeutscher Rundfunk and was created by Norbert Eberlein.	Neues aus Büttenwarder	Norbert Eberlein
creator	Portrait of Madame Récamier is an 1800 portrait of the Parisian socialite Juliette Récamier by Jacques-Louis David showing her in the height of Neoclassical fashion, reclining on an Directoire style sofa in a simple Empire line dress with almost bare arms, and short hair ``à la Titus''.	Portrait of Madame Récamier	Jacques-Louis David
creator	The Funeral of the Anarchist Galli (Il Funerale dell’anarchico Galli) is a painting by Italian painter Carlo Carrà.	The Funeral of the Anarchist Galli	Carlo Carrà
creator	Judith and the Head of Holofernes (also known as Judith I) is an oil painting by Gustav Klimt created in 1901.	Judith and the Head of Holofernes	Gustav Klimt
creator	MacGruder and Loud is an American crime drama from Aaron Spelling Productions that aired on ABC in 1985.	MacGruder and Loud	Aaron Spelling
creator	Three Act Tragedy is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the United States by Dodd, Mead and Company in 1934 under the title Murder in Three Acts and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in January 1935 under Christie's original title.	Three Act Tragedy	Agatha Christie
creator	The School of Panamerican Unrest (La Escuela Panamericana del Desasosiego) is a conceptual art project led by Mexican artist Pablo Helguera.	The School of Panamerican Unrest	Pablo Helguera
creator	A Visit from the Old Mistress is an 1876 painting by American artist Winslow Homer.	A Visit from the Old Mistress	Winslow Homer
creator	South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone for the Comedy Central television network.	South Park	Trey Parker	Matt Stone
creator	The Mond Crucifixion (or Crocifissione Gavari; both names are after former owners) is a painting by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael.	Mond Crucifixion	Raphael
creator	Water Sky Garden is a sculptural environment designed by artist Janet Echelman.	Water Sky Garden	Janet Echelman
employer	Danilo Palomer Santiago (born November 27, 1951) is a Full-time Filipino Eclectic painter, professor and Department Chair of University of Santo Tomas - College of Fine Arts and Design (UST-CFAD), Painting Department.	Danilo Palomer Santiago	University of Santo Tomas
employer	Garry M. Gaber is a game designer, director, project leader, artist, writer and programmer who worked on a number of notable LucasArts Video Games from 1994 through 2003.	Garry M. Gaber	LucasArts
employer	Jeffrey Meikle is an American cultural historian and historian of design, and a Professor in the American Studies and American Civilization Programs of the University of Texas at Austin.	Jeffrey Meikle	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Jon Sopel (Jonathan B. Sopel, born 22 May 1959 in London, England) is a British television presenter and correspondent for the BBC's international news channel, BBC World News, currently serving as the North America Editor for the BBC.	Jon Sopel	BBC
employer	Helmut Krcmar (born December 16, 1954 in Hanau, Germany) holds the Chair for Information Systems, Department of Informatics at the Technische Universität München (TUM), Germany since 2002 with a joint appointment to TUM Business School.	Helmut Krcmar	Technische Universität München
employer	Jeff Broin (born August 25, 1965) is the founder of U.S.-based POET, LLC, a producer of ethanol and other biorefined products.	Jeff Broin	POET
employer	Thomas Benton Cooley (June 23, 1871 -- October 13, 1945) was an American pediatrician and hematologist and professor of hygiene and medicine at the University of Michigan and Wayne State University.	Thomas Benton Cooley	University of Michigan	Wayne State University
employer	Lois Haibt is an American computer scientist, and is perhaps most famous for being a member of the ten-person team at IBM that developed FORTRAN, the first successful high level programming language.	Lois Haibt	IBM
employer	Born in Stuttgart in 1900, Gustav Riek was an archaeologist from the University of Tübingen who worked with the SS Ahnenerbe in their excavations, and led the team that excavated the Heuneburg Tumulus burial mounds in 1937.	Gustav Riek	University of Tübingen
employer	Ellen Margrethe Løj (born 17 October 1948 in Gedesby, Denmark) is the Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS).	Ellen Margrethe Løj	United Nations
employer	Charles Larmore (born 23 March 1950 in Baltimore, MD) is the W. Duncan MacMillan Family Professor of the Humanities and Professor of Philosophy at Brown University.	Charles Larmore	Brown University
employer	Candido Cannavò (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkandido kannaˈvɔ); 29 November 1930 -- 22 February 2009) was an Italian journalist, well known as the historical director (1983-2002) of the sport newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport.	Candido Cannavò	La Gazzetta dello Sport
employer	Claudia Gould (born 1956) is an art curator and the Helen Goldsmith Menschel Director of The Jewish Museum in New York City.	Claudia Gould	Jewish Museum
employer	Zvi Aharoni (צבי אהרוני; February 6, 1921 -- May 26, 2012) was an Israeli Mossad agent instrumental in the capture of Adolf Eichmann.	Zvi Aharoni	Mossad
employer	Joe Maiden (1941 -- 17 September 2015) was a gardener, horticulturist, author and BBC Radio presenter based in Huby, Yorkshire in the United Kingdom.	Joe Maiden	BBC
employer	Russell Jacoby (born April 23, 1945) is a professor of history at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) an author, and critic of academic culture.	Russell Jacoby	University of California Los Angeles
employer	Once aboard the whaling ship Pequod Queequeg becomes the harpooner for the mate Starbuck.	Queequeg	Pequod
employer	Dr. Kamal Badr has been Professor of Medicine and Chairman of the Department of Internal Medicine at the American University of Beirut from July 2000 to late 2006.	Kamal Badr	American University of Beirut
employer	William Ernest Hocking (August 10, 1873, Cleveland, Ohio -- June 12, 1966 Madison, New Hampshire) was an American idealist philosopher at Harvard University.	William Ernest Hocking	Harvard University
employer	Helen Blaby is a radio host and reporter with the BBC and a newspaper columnist.	Helen Blaby	BBC
employer	Hugh Bostock (born 1944) FRS is a British neuroscientist, and Emeritus Professor of Neurophysiology, at University College, London.	Hugh Bostock	University College, London
employer	Dr. Kenneth G. Miller (born 1956) is an American geologist who is currently a distinguished professor at Rutgers University.	Kenneth G. Miller	Rutgers University
employer	Jacqui Hurley (born 1984, in County Cork) is an Irish athlete, sports manager, sports broadcaster and chat show host employed by Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).	Jacqui Hurley	Raidió Teilifís Éireann
employer	Nigel Cross is a British academic, a design researcher and educator, Emeritus Professor of Design Studies at The Open University, United Kingdom, and Editor-in-Chief of the journal Design Studies.	Nigel Cross	Open University
employer	Herrlee Glessner Creel (January 19, 1905 -- June 1, 1994) was an American sinologist and philosopher who specialized in Chinese philosophy and history, and was a professor of Chinese at the University of Chicago for nearly 40 years.	Herrlee Glessner Creel	University of Chicago
employer	David Nirenberg, an American historian, is Deborah R. and Edgar D. Jannotta Professor of Medieval History and Committee on Social Thought at the University of Chicago, as well as the Dean of the Social Sciences Division at the University and the founding Roman Family Director of the Neubauer Family Collegium for Culture and Society.	David Nirenberg	University of Chicago
employer	W. Russell Neuman is Professor of Media Technology, NYU Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development and Professor (Emeritus), Communication Studies, University of Michigan.	W. Russell Neuman	University of Michigan
employer	Andrew Pollard is an Assistant Director with responsibility for Research Impact at the Institute of Education, University College London, and a Professor of Education at the Graduate School of Education, University of Bristol.	Andrew Pollard	University of Bristol
employer	Josef Foschepoth (born 19 November 1947) is a German historian and a professor at the University of Freiburg.	Josef Foschepoth	University of Freiburg
employer	Julia Ching, CM (Chinese: 秦家懿) (1934 -- October 26, 2001) was professor of religion, philosophy and East Asian studies at the University of Toronto.	Julia Ching	University of Toronto
employer	Ruth Chang is a professor of philosophy at Rutgers University.	Ruth Chang	Rutgers University
employer	James Coomarasamy is a British presenter on BBC World Service programme Newshour.	James Coomarasamy	BBC
employer	Priscilla K. Coleman, Ph.D., is a tenured full Professor of Human Development and Family Studies at Bowling Green State University in Ohio.	Priscilla K. Coleman	Bowling Green State University
employer	Jonathan H. Turner (born September 7, 1942), is a professor of sociology at University of California, Riverside.	Jonathan H. Turner	University of California, Riverside
employer	William Veeder (born September 14, 1940) is a scholar of 19th-century American and British literature and a Professor Emeritus in the Department of English at the University of Chicago.	William Veeder	University of Chicago
employer	Henry Seidel Canby (September 6, 1878 -- April 5, 1961) was a critic, editor, and Yale University professor.	Henry Seidel Canby	Yale University
employer	Edward F. Fischer is a Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University who writes on political economy, development, and culture.	Edward F. Fischer	Vanderbilt University
employer	Brad R. Roth is a professor of political science and law at Wayne State University, Detroit.	Brad R. Roth	Wayne State University
employer	Edmund Ayrton (1734 -- 22 May 1808) was an English organist who was Master of the Children of the Chapel Royal.	Edmund Ayrton	Chapel Royal
employer	Dr. Asifa Quraishi is an Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she teaches courses in Islamic law and U.S. constitutional law.	Asifa Quraishi	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Donald Roden is an associate professor of history at Rutgers University.	Donald Roden	Rutgers University
employer	Ashley Bouder is an American ballet dancer who is currently a principal dancer at the New York City Ballet.	Ashley Bouder	New York City Ballet
employer	Elaine Mayes (born October 1, 1936) is an American photographer and a retired professor at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.	Elaine Mayes	New York University
employer	Bertell Ollman (born April 30, 1935 in Milwaukee) is a professor of politics at New York University.	Bertell Ollman	New York University
employer	David Wojahn (born 1953, St. Paul, Minnesota) is a contemporary American poet who teaches poetry in the Department of English at Virginia Commonwealth University, and in the low residency MFA in Writing program at the Vermont College of Fine Arts.	David Wojahn	Virginia Commonwealth University
employer	Virginia Tanner (April 25, 1915 -- May 20, 1979) was an American dance instructor and founder of the University of Utah Children's Dance Theatre.	Virginia Tanner	University of Utah
employer	Tony Tebby is probably most famous for designing Qdos, the computer operating system used in the Sinclair QL personal computer, whilst working as an engineer at Sinclair Research in the early 1980s.	Tony Tebby	Sinclair Research
employer	Avraham Heffner (Hebrew: אברהם הפנר‎; 7 May 1935 -- 19 September 2014) was an Israeli film and television director, screenwriter, author and Professor Emeritus at the Tel-Aviv University.	Avraham Heffner	Tel-Aviv University
employer	George F. Baughman (1915--2004) was the first president of New College of Florida, a vice president of the University of Florida as well as of New York University and treasurer and a rear admiral in the United States Naval Reserve.	George F. Baughman	University of Florida	New York University
employer	Nick Bostrom (Swedish: Niklas Boström; born 10 March 1973) is a Swedish philosopher at the University of Oxford known for his work on existential risk, the anthropic principle, human enhancement ethics, superintelligence risks, the reversal test, and consequentialism.	Nick Bostrom	University of Oxford
employer	Julian Wolpert (born 1932) is Bryant Professor Emeritus of Geography, Public Affairs, and Urban Planning at Princeton University.	Julian Wolpert	Princeton University
employer	Robert S. Galen (born May 29, 1946) is a physician, Professor Emeritus Epidemiology and former Senior Associate Dean in the College of Public Health at The University of Georgia.	Robert S. Galen	University of Georgia
employer	Colin Crouch is currently Emeritus Professor at the University of Warwick.	Colin Crouch	University of Warwick
employer	Claude Sammut is a Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of New South Wales and Head of the Artificial Intelligence Research Group.	Claude Sammut	University of New South Wales
employer	Van C. Gessel (born August 1, 1950, Compton, California) is a former Dean of the BYU College of Humanities at Brigham Young University.	Van C. Gessel	Brigham Young University
employer	Mary Shanthi Dairiam (born 17 September 1939) is a Malaysian human rights and women's rights advocate and United Nations (UN) official.	Mary Shanthi Dairiam	United Nations
employer	Ladislaus Löb (born 8 May 1933) is Professor Emeritus of German at the University of Sussex in England.	Ladislaus Löb	University of Sussex
employer	Yousef Saad is an I.T. Distinguished Professor of Computer Science in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota.	Yousef Saad	University of Minnesota
employer	Luis Garicano Gabilondo (Valladolid, 1967) is Professor of Economics and Strategy and Head of the Managerial Economics and Strategy Group at the London School of Economics.	Luis Garicano	London School of Economics
employer	Sharon Ashbrook is a Professor of Physical Chemistry at the University of St Andrews.	Sharon Ashbrook	University of St Andrews
employer	Anton Amann (20 June 1956 -- 6 January 2015) was an Austrian chemist and Professor of chemistry at the Innsbruck Medical University.	Anton Amann	Innsbruck Medical University
employer	Bruce Lahn is the William B. Graham professor of Human Genetics at the University of Chicago.	Bruce Lahn	University of Chicago
employer	Peter Pershan earned his B.S. at Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn in 1956 and his Ph.D. in Physics at Harvard University in 1960 for nuclear magnetic resonance under the supervision of Nicolaas Bloembergen.	Peter Pershan	Harvard University
employer	Larissa Bonfante (born March 27, 1931, in Naples, Italy) is an Italian-American classicist, Professor of Classics emerita at New York University and an authority on Etruscan language and culture.	Larissa Bonfante	New York University
employer	Robert G. Frank (born 1952) is the 21st President of the University of New Mexico.	Robert G. Frank	University of New Mexico
employer	J. Marshall Shepherd is an American meteorologist, professor at the University of Georgia's Department of Geography, the director of the university's atmospheric sciences program, and was the president of the American Meteorological Society (AMS) in 2013.	J. Marshall Shepherd	University of Georgia
employer	Susan Rose-Ackerman (born Susan Gould Rose on April 23, 1942 in Mineola, New York) is Henry R. Luce Professor of Jurisprudence (Law and Political Science) and is co-director of the Center for Law, Economics, and Public Policy at Yale Law School.	Susan Rose-Ackerman	Yale Law School
employer	Martin van Beynen (born 1959) is a New Zealand writer, print journalist and columnist for the The Press in Christchurch.	Martin van Beynen	The Press
employer	Hyman Hurwitz (1770--1844), was a learned Jew who became first professor of Hebrew at University College, London.	Hyman Hurwitz	University College, London
employer	Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.	Hessam Nowzari	University of Southern California
employer	George H. Burgess (born December 25, 1949) is an ichthyologist and fisheries biologist with the Florida Museum of Natural History, University of Florida.	George H. Burgess	University of Florida
employer	Johanna Gibson is Herchel Smith Professor of Intellectual Property Law in the Centre for Commercial Law Studies, Queen Mary, University of London.	Johanna Gibson	Queen Mary, University of London
employer	Donald W. Parry Ph.D. is a professor of Hebrew Bible in the Department of Asian and Near Eastern Languages at Brigham Young University.	Donald W. Parry	Brigham Young University
employer	Ivo Josipović attended the Faculty of Law of the University of Zagreb, from which he graduated passing his bar examination in 1980.	Ivo Josipović	University of Zagreb
employer	Alexandre Ricard, born in 1972, is a French businessman and one of the grandsons of distiller and Pernod Ricard founder, Paul Ricard.	Alexandre Ricard	Pernod Ricard
employer	Aubrey Singer CBE (21 January 1927 -- 26 May 2007) was a British broadcasting executive who spent most of his career at the BBC.	Aubrey Singer	BBC
employer	Peter John Wyllie (b. 8 February 1930, London, England) is a British petrologist who was Professor of Geology at the California Institute of Technology from 1983 until his retirement in 1999.	Peter John Wyllie	California Institute of Technology
employer	David Noel Ramírez Padilla (born January 12, 1950) is the dean of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education university system (ITESM) which has thirty one campuses in various parts of Mexico.	David Noel Ramírez Padilla	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education
employer	Sigurd Allern (born 5 September 1946) is a Norwegian media theorist and the first professor of journalism at the University of Oslo.	Sigurd Allern	University of Oslo
employer	Philippa Thomas (born 22 November 1965) is a British television Newsreader and journalist, both domestic and foreign, at the BBC and the main presenter of World News Today which airs on BBC World News, BBC News Channel and BBC Four.	Philippa Thomas	BBC
employer	Josip Pečarić (born 3 September 1948) is a Croatian Academician, mathematician and the professor of mathematics at the University of Zagreb, Croatia.	Josip Pečarić	University of Zagreb
employer	Claes Elefalk is a Swedish sports agent at the Creative Artists Agency.	Claes Elefalk	Creative Artists Agency
employer	Anne L'Huillier (born 1958 in Paris) is a French physicist, and professor of atomic physics at Lund University.	Anne L'Huillier	Lund University
employer	Linda Smircich (born 1948) is a Professor of Management in the Isenberg School of Management, University of Massachusetts Amherst where she teaches Organizational Alternative Paradigms.	Linda Smircich	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Raden Moehamad Djoehana Wiradikarta (born 18 September 1896 in Bandung, Indonesia -- died in 1986 in Bandung) was a professor in microbiology and serology at the Bandung Institute of Technology and the faculty of medicine at Padjadjaran University, also in Bandung.	Djoehana Wiradikarta	Padjadjaran University
employer	Gerhard Dünnhaupt, FRSC (born August 15, 1927 in Bernburg (Saale)) is a German bibliographer, literary historian, emeritus professor of the University of Michigan, an honorary life member of the Modern Language Association of America, and a Life Member of the Academies of Arts, Humanities and Sciences of Canada.	Gerhard Dünnhaupt	University of Michigan
employer	Edward Kamens (born 19 April 1952) is Sumitomo Professor of Japanese Literature at Yale University, where he has taught since 1986.	Edward Kamens	Yale University
employer	Adolph Stöhr (February 24, 1855 -- February 10, 1921) was professor of philosophy at the University of Vienna.	Adolph Stöhr	University of Vienna
employer	Imants Barušs is Professor of Psychology at King's University College at The University of Western Ontario, Canada.	Imants Barušs	University of Western Ontario
employer	Janet Fitch is a faculty member in the Master of Professional Writing Program at the University of Southern California, where she teaches fiction.	Janet Fitch	University of Southern California
employer	Tamar Garb is Durning Lawrence Professor in the Department of History of Art at University College London.	Tamar Garb	University College London
employer	Michael Barkun (born 8 April 1938) is professor emeritus of political science at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse University, specializing in political extremism and the relationship between religion and violence.	Michael Barkun	Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs	Syracuse University
employer	Kenneth Turan (/təˈræn/; born October 27, 1946) is an American film critic and Lecturer in the Master of Professional Writing Program at the University of Southern California.	Kenneth Turan	University of Southern California
employer	John Geanakoplos (born 1955) is an American economist, and the current James Tobin Professor of Economics at Yale University.	John Geanakoplos	Yale University
employer	Kate Bradbury Griffith aka Kate Griffith (née Bradbury) (26 August 1854 -- 2 March 1902) was a British Egyptologist who assisted in the early development of the Egypt Exploration Society and the Department of Egyptology at University College London (UCL).	Kate Bradbury Griffith	University College London
employer	Sarah Parker (born August 23, 1942) is an American judge who served as the Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court from February 2006 until August 2014.	Sarah Parker	North Carolina Supreme Court
employer	Margarita Luti (also Margherita Luti or La Fornarina, ``the baker's daughter'') was the mistress and model of Raphael.	Margarita Luti	Raphael
employer	Thomas R. Kratochwill is the Sears-Bascom Professor of School Psychology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison, where he directs the School Psychology Program.	Thomas R. Kratochwill	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Nora Fridrichová (born 13 September 1977) is a Czech television presenter, who works for Czech television channel Česká televize.	Nora Fridrichová	Česká televize
employer	Edward F. Wente (born 1930) is an American professor emeritus of Egyptology and the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago.	Edward F. Wente	University of Chicago
employer	Rebekka Habermas (born 3 July 1959, in Frankfurt am Main) is a noted German historian, currently professor of modern history at the University of Göttingen, in Germany.	Rebekka Habermas	University of Göttingen
employer	Indira Viswanathan Peterson is a literary critic and the David B. Truman Professor of Asian Studies at Mount Holyoke College.	Indira Viswanathan Peterson	Mount Holyoke College
employer	William Stewart Simkins (August 25, 1842 -- February 27, 1929) was a Confederate soldier and professor of law at the University of Texas at Austin.	William Stewart Simkins	University of Texas at Austin
employer	James Lindgren is a professor of law at Northwestern University.	James Lindgren	Northwestern University
employer	Megan Henderson (born February 19, 1975) is a journalist and weekday morning anchor of the 4am to 7am KTLA News in Los Angeles.	Megan Henderson	KTLA
employer	Helmut Thielicke (4 December 1908 in Wuppertal -- 5 March 1986 in Hamburg) was a German Protestant theologian and rector of the University of Hamburg from 1960 to 1978.	Helmut Thielicke	University of Hamburg
employer	Gerardo L. Munck (born October 13, 1958) Argentine by birth, is a professor of international relations for the School of International Relations of the University of Southern California (USC).	Gerardo L. Munck	University of Southern California
employer	James T. Kloppenberg (born June 23, 1951 Denver) is an American historian, and Charles Warren Professor of American History, at Harvard University.	James T. Kloppenberg	Harvard University
employer	Stuart Flinders (born December 1960, Bolton, Lancashire) is a journalist, reporter and occasional presenter for BBC North West Tonight.	Stuart Flinders	BBC
employer	Melanie Sanford (born June 16, 1975) is an American chemist, who currently works at the University of Michigan, where she holds the positions of Moses Gomberg Collegiate Professor of Chemistry and Arthur F. Thurnau Professor of Chemistry.	Melanie Sanford	University of Michigan
employer	William Brantley Aycock (October 24, 1915 -- June 20, 2015) was an American educator who served as chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1957 until 1964 and was the retired Kenan Professor of Law at the UNC School of Law.	William Brantley Aycock	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
founder	The Oxford Internet Institute was founded in 2001 by Derek Wyatt, then MP for Sittingbourne and Sheppey, and Andrew Graham, Master of Balliol College.	Oxford Internet Institute	Derek Wyatt	Andrew Graham
founder	Wikitravel is a web-based collaborative travel guide project, based upon the wiki model, launched by Evan Prodromou and Michele Ann Jenkins in 2003.	Wikitravel	Evan Prodromou
founder	The origin of the Almedalen Week was the speeches made by Olof Palme during several summers in Almedalen.	Almedalen Week	Olof Palme
founder	In 2013, Amalgamated Dynamics successfully ran a Kickstarter campaign to fund their independent horror film titled Harbinger Down, which is to be directed by Alec Gillis and produced by Tom Woodruff Jr. The film was released in August 2015 features exclusively practical creature effects.	Amalgamated Dynamics	Tom Woodruff Jr.
founder	Cooking Vinyl is a UK based independent record company, founded in 1986 by former manager and booking agent Martin Goldschmidt, who remains the current owner and managing director, and distribution manager Pete Lawrence.	Cooking Vinyl	Martin Goldschmidt	Pete Lawrence
founder	Warrior Sports was founded in 1992 by David Morrow, a former lacrosse player.	Warrior Sports	David Morrow
founder	The Intelligence Summit is an annual conference run principally by John Loftus and funded by an organization he controls, the Intelligence and Homeland Security Educational Center (IHEC)..	The Intelligence Summit	John Loftus
founder	Under Nurhaci and his son Hong Taiji, the Aisin Gioro clan of the Jianzhou tribe won hegemony among the rival Jurchen tribes of the northeast, then through warfare and alliances extended its control into Inner Mongolia.	Aisin Gioro	Nurhaci
founder	Berkeley Systems was a San Francisco Bay Area software company co-founded in 1987 by Wes Boyd and Joan Blades.	Berkeley Systems	Wes Boyd	Joan Blades
founder	Asia Brewery, Inc. is a Philippines-based diversified beverage company owned by LT Group, Inc. (PSE: LTG), a publicly listed holding company of Lucio Tan.	Asia Brewery	Lucio Tan
founder	Co-Founder of Nanosolar Martin Roscheisen stated on his personal blog that nanosolar ``ultimately failed commercially.''	Nanosolar	Martin Roscheisen
founder	AOMG is an independent South Korean record label led by Jay Park and Simon D. AOMG is an acronym that stands for the ``Above Ordinary Music Group.''	AOMG	Jay Park
founder	Spyglass Entertainment was an American film production company, co-founded by Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum in 1998.	Spyglass Entertainment	Gary Barber	Roger Birnbaum
founder	Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Company Limited is an Australian investment company founded by businessman Lewy Pattinson.	Washington H. Soul Pattinson	Lewy Pattinson
founder	Sally Fallon Morell is the co-founder and president of The Weston A. Price Foundation.	Weston A. Price Foundation	Sally Fallon Morell
founder	Mapin Publishing is an Indian art book publishing company started in 1984 by Bipin Shah and Mallika Sarabhai.	Mapin Publishing	Mallika Sarabhai
founder	La Mandrágora (Spanish for The Mandrake) was a Chilean Surrealist group ``officially founded'' on 12 July 1938 by Braulio Arenas (1913-1988), Teófilo Cid and Enrique Gómez Correa.	La Mandrágora	Braulio Arenas
founder	Destination Games was an American computer game development company created in April 2000 by Richard Garriott, Robert Garriott and Starr Long, following their departure from Origin Systems.	Destination Games	Richard Garriott
founder	Little, Brown and Company is an American publisher founded in 1837 by Charles Coffin Little and his partner, James Brown, and for close to two centuries has published fiction and nonfiction by many of America's finest writers.	Little, Brown and Company	James Brown
founder	Founded in 1930 by George W. Jenkins, Publix is a private corporation that is wholly owned by present and past employees.	Publix	George W. Jenkins
founder	Arya Maitreya Mandala is a tantric and Buddhist order founded 1933 by Lama Anagarika Govinda.	Arya Maitreya Mandala	Anagarika Govinda
founder	Winona Cargile Alexander (June 21, 1893 -- October 16, 1984) was a founder of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated at Howard University on January 13, 1913.	Winona Cargile Alexander	Delta Sigma Theta
founder	The Drug Enforcement Administration was established on July 1, 1973, by Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1973, signed by President Richard Nixon on July 28.	Drug Enforcement Administration	Richard Nixon
founder	Logitech International S.A. was co-founded in Apples, Vaud, Switzerland, in 1981 by two Stanford alumni, Daniel Borel and Pierluigi Zappacosta.	Logitech	Daniel Borel	Pierluigi Zappacosta
founder	Berkeley Earth founder Richard A. Muller told The Guardian ``...we are bringing the spirit of science back to a subject that has become too argumentative and too contentious, ....	Berkeley Earth	Richard A. Muller
founder	Last Gang Records is a record label that was formed by Canadian music industry lawyer Chris Taylor and concert promoter Donald Tarlton in the Fall of 2003 at the Pop Montreal Music Festival.	Last Gang Records	Chris Taylor
founder	Spice Global was established in 1980 by B. K. Modi under the name, Modi Corp. Later, the company came to be known as MCorp Global and Spice Corp, before it finally became Spice Global.	Spice Global	B. K. Modi
founder	Gächinger Kantorei (Gächingen Chorale) is an internationally known German mixed choir, founded by Helmuth Rilling in 1954 in Gächingen (part of St. Johann close to Reutlingen) and conducted by him until 2013, succeeded by Hans-Christoph Rademann.	Gächinger Kantorei	Helmuth Rilling
founder	Cornerstone Barristers was formed in 1880 by Sir Charles Hall as 2-3 Gray's Inn Square.	Cornerstone Barristers	Charles Hall
founder	Clickteam is a software company founded in 1993 by François Lionet, Yves Lamoureux and Francis Poulain and headquartered in Paris, France.	Clickteam	François Lionet
founder	Alexa Internet was founded in April 1996 by American web entrepreneurs Brewster Kahle and Bruce Gilliat.	Alexa Internet	Brewster Kahle	Bruce Gilliat
founder	It was formerly a Soviet design bureau, and was founded by Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich as ``Mikoyan and Gurevich'', with the bureau prefix ``MiG.''	Mikoyan	Mikhail Gurevich
founder	Helsinki was established as a trading town by King Gustav I of Sweden in 1550 as the town of Helsingfors, which he intended to be a rival to the Hanseatic city of Reval (today known as Tallinn).	Helsinki	Gustav I of Sweden
founder	Arrêt sur images (``Freeze-frame shot'', also abbreviated as the acronym ASI) was initially a weekly French television program, created and presented by journalist Daniel Schneidermann and broadcast on La Cinquième from 1995 (renamed France 5 in January 2002) and produced by Carrere group.	Arrêt sur images	Daniel Schneidermann
founder	Ampex is an American electronics company founded in 1944 by Alexander M. Poniatoff.	Ampex	Alexander M. Poniatoff
founder	Proventus is a privately held Swedish investment company founded in 1980 by Robert Weil.	Proventus	Robert Weil
founder	Asia Times was a newspaper launched in Thailand by Thai tycoon Sondhi Limthongkul in 1995.	Asia Times	Sondhi Limthongkul
founder	In 2007, Chris Jones and Aaron Conners founded Big Finish Games, which is staffed primarily by veterans of Access/Indie Built.	Indie Built	Chris Jones
founder	Yahoo Boy No Laptop Nation, stylised and popularly known as YBNL Nation, is an independent record label founded by Olamide in 2012.	YBNL Nation	Olamide
founder	Amma Unavagam (meaning ``Mother Restaurant'' in Tamil) is a food subsidization program run by the Government of Tamil Nadu in India.	Amma Unavagam	Government of Tamil Nadu
founder	SeaFrance was a ferry company based in France, wholly owned by the French railways, SNCF, which operated ferry services between Calais, France, and Dover, England.	SeaFrance	SNCF
languages spoken or written	José María Álvarez (born 31 May 1942, in Cartagena, Spain), is a Spanish poet and novelist.	José María Álvarez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jayshree Gadkar (21 February 1942 -- 29 August 2008) was a noted Marathi and Hindi movie actress and a star of Marathi cinema from the 1950s up to the 1980s.	Jayshree Gadkar	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Abdurrahman Cahit Zarifoğlu (born 1 July 1940, Ankara -- d. 7 June 1987, İstanbul), Turkish poet, writer.	Cahit Zarifoğlu	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Alfred Illingworth (25 September 1827 -- 1907), was an English worsted spinner and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1868 and 1895.	Alfred Illingworth	English
languages spoken or written	Veit Stoss (also: Veit Stoß; Polish: Wit Stwosz; before 1450 - about 20 September 1533) was a leading German sculptor, mostly in wood, whose career covered the transition between the late Gothic and the Northern Renaissance.	Veit Stoss	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Pillot (9 August 1808 -- 13 June 1877) was a French revolutionary and republican communist.	Jean-Jacques Pillot	French
languages spoken or written	John William Gerard de Brahm (1718--c.1799) was a German cartographer, engineer and mystic.	John William Gerard de Brahm	German
languages spoken or written	Francesco Musotto (born on 1 February 1947 in Palermo) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Islands (elected for the first time in 1999).	Francesco Musotto	Italian
languages spoken or written	Vicenç Badalona Ballestar (1929 -- 7 July 2014) was a Spanish painter and author.	Vicenç Badalona Ballestar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mehmet Niyazi Cemali (Crimean Tatar: 'Memet Niyaziy'; January or February 1878 - November 20, 1931) was an Ottoman-born Romanian and Crimean Tatar poet, journalist, schoolteacher, academic, and activist for ethnic Tatar causes.	Mehmet Niyazi	Crimean Tatar
languages spoken or written	Deep Dhillon is an Indian film actor who works in Hindi and Punjabi cinema.	Deep Dhillon	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Adolphe-Félix Cals (17 October 1810 -- 3 October 1880) was a French portrait, genre, and landscape painter.	Adolphe-Félix Cals	French
languages spoken or written	Claude Weisz is a French film director born in Paris.	Claude Weisz	French
languages spoken or written	Klaus Hildebrand (born 18 November 1941, Bielefeld, Germany) is a German liberal-conservative historian whose area of expertise is 19th--20th-century German political and military history.	Klaus Hildebrand	German
languages spoken or written	Gro Dahle (born 15 May 1962) is a Norwegian poet and writer.	Gro Dahle	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Peter, Pieter, or usually Petrus Camper (11 May 1722 -- 7 April 1789), was a Dutch physician, anatomist, physiologist, midwife, zoologist, anthropologist, paleontologist and a naturalist.	Petrus Camper	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Jean Marie Joseph Capgras (23 August 1873, Verdun-sur-Garonne -- 27 January 1950, Paris) was a French psychiatrist who is best known for the Capgras delusion, a disorder named after him.	Joseph Capgras	French
languages spoken or written	Bernat Soria Escoms (born 7 May 1951) is a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Health from 2007 to 2009.	Bernat Soria	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Leonhard Lapin (born 29 December 1947) is a versatile Estonian artist who has been active in fine art, art theory and architecture as well as in literature.	Leonhard Lapin	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Vladimir Ćorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Ћоровић; October 27, 1885 -- April 12, 1941) was a leading 20th-century Serbian historian, member of the Serbian Royal Academy, a future Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (SANU).	Vladimir Ćorović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Mariano Barberán y Tros de Ilarduya (Guadalajara, Spain, 14 October 1895 - Vicinity of Villahermosa, Mexico, 20 June 1933) was a Spanish military aviator.	Mariano Barberán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lucjan Siemieński (1807--1877) was a Polish Romantic poet, prose writer, and literary critic.	Lucjan Siemieński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Guido Leo John Christmas Møller, usually known as Christmas Møller (3 April 1894 - 13 April 1948) was a Danish politician representing the Conservative People's Party.	John Christmas Møller	Danish
languages spoken or written	Gonzalo Ronquillo de Peñalosa (died March 10, 1583), sometimes spelled as Gonçalo Ronquillo Peñaloza was the fourth Spanish governor and captain-general of the Philippines from April 1580 until his death in 1583.	Gonzalo Ronquillo de Peñalosa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rebecca Frayn is an English documentary film maker, screenwriter and novelist.	Rebecca Frayn	English
languages spoken or written	Józef Pankiewicz (29 November 1866 -- 4 July 1940) was a Polish painter, graphic artist, and pedagogue.	Józef Pankiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Charles Foix (1 February 1882 - 22 March 1927) was a French internist and neurologist.	Charles Foix	French
languages spoken or written	Marie-Alexandre Alophe (1812--1883) was a French photographer, painter and lithographer.	Marie-Alexandre Alophe	French
languages spoken or written	Fred Terry (9 November 1863 -- 17 April 1933) was an English actor and theatrical manager.	Fred Terry	English
languages spoken or written	Charles Lucien Léandre (1862--1934), French caricaturist and painter, was born at Champsecret (Orne), and studied painting under Émile Bin and Alexandre Cabanel.	Charles Lucien Léandre	French
languages spoken or written	Keith Peacock (born 2 May 1945 in Barnehurst) is an English former footballer and manager.	Keith Peacock	English
languages spoken or written	Francisco Cascales (1564--1642) was a Spanish erudite, humanist and writer.	Francisco Cascales	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Girish Kumar Taurani (born 30 January 1989, age 27) is an Indian film actor working in the Hindi film industry.	Girish Kumar	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Hugo Ball (German: (bal); 22 February 1886 -- 14 September 1927) was a German author, poet and one of the leading Dada artists.	Hugo Ball	German
languages spoken or written	Guillermo del Toro Gómez (Spanish pronunciation: (ɡiˈʝeɾmo ðel ˈtoɾo); born October 9, 1964) is a Mexican film director, screenwriter, producer, and novelist.	Guillermo del Toro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	James Raine (1791--1858) was an English antiquarian and topographer.	James Raine	English
languages spoken or written	Michael Sowa (born 1945) is a German artist known mainly for his paintings, which are variously whimsical, surreal, or stunning.	Michael Sowa	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Chantraine (French: (ʃɑ̃tʁɛn); 15 September 1899 -- 30 June 1974) was a French linguist.	Pierre Chantraine	French
languages spoken or written	Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano (Spanish pronunciation: (kwauˈtemok ˈkarðenas); born May 1, 1934) is a prominent Mexican politician.	Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Michel Clouscard (French: (kluskaʁ); August 6, 1928 -- February 21, 2009) was a French Marxist philosopher and sociologist.	Michel Clouscard	French
languages spoken or written	Silvio Soldini (Milan, 1958) is an Italian film director.	Silvio Soldini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Peter Annet (1693 -- 18 January 1769) was an English deist and early freethinker.	Peter Annet	English
languages spoken or written	Indrek Tarand MEP (born February 3, 1964, Tallinn) is an Estonian politician, reserve officer, civil servant, journalist and historian.	Indrek Tarand	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Marujita Díaz (María del Dulce Nombre Díaz Ruiz; 27 April 1932 -- 23 June 2015) was a Spanish singer and actress.	Marujita Díaz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sheikh Riza Talabani (Şêx Rizayê Telebanî in Kurdish) (1835--1910), a celebrated Kurdish poet from Kirkuk, Iraq.	Riza Talabani	Kurdish
languages spoken or written	Herman Schmalenbach (November 15, 1885 -- November 3, 1950) was a German philosopher who refined the concepts of Gemeinschaft and Bund.	Herman Schmalenbach	German
languages spoken or written	Johann Georg Keyßler (or Keyssler when the letter ß is avoided; 1693--1743) was a German polymath, known for his travel writings and his archaeology.	Johann Georg Keyßler	German
languages spoken or written	Hans Victor von Unruh ( March 28, 1806 - February 4, 1886) was a Prussian civil servant and politician, President of the Prussian National Assembly of 1848 and Member of the Reichstag of the German Empire.	Hans Victor von Unruh	German
languages spoken or written	Casimir Roumeguère (15 August 1828 in Toulouse -- 29 February 1892 in Toulouse) was a French botanist and mycologist.	Casimir Roumeguère	French
languages spoken or written	Michael McClure was a popular, celebrated professor of English at the California College of Arts and Crafts (now renamed California College of the Arts), in Oakland, California for many years.	Michael McClure	English
languages spoken or written	Johann Benedict Carpzov II (24 April 1639 -- 23 March 1699) was a German Christian theologian and Hebraist.	Johann Benedict Carpzov II	German
languages spoken or written	Nicolas de Lamoignon de Basville (1648--1724) was a French intendant over Languedoc in the early 18th century.	Nicolas de Lamoignon	French
languages spoken or written	Marin Karmitz (born 7 October 1938 in Bucharest, Romania) is a French businessman whose career has spanned the French film industry, including director, producer, film distributor, and operator of a chain of cinemas.	Marin Karmitz	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl (6 April 1806 -- 9 November 1876) was a German scholar best known as a student of Plautus.	Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl	German
languages spoken or written	Monte Melkonian (classical Armenian: Մոնթէ Մելքոնեան; reformed: Մոնթե Մելքոնյան; November 25, 1957 -- June 12, 1993) was an Armenian left-wing nationalist militant, revolutionary, and commander.	Monte Melkonian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Eliyahu Golomb (Hebrew: אליהו גולומב‎, 2 March 1893 -- 11 June 1945) was the leader of the Jewish defense effort in Mandate Palestine and chief architect of the Haganah, the underground military organization for defense of the Yishuv between 1920 and 1948.	Eliyahu Golomb	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Sandro Continenza (13 July 1920 -- 21 November 1996) was an Italian screenwriter.	Sandro Continenza	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hartwig Fischer (born 14 December 1962) is a German art historian and museum director.	Hartwig Fischer	German
languages spoken or written	Bernard Le Nail (February 1946 -- 5 January 2010) was a French writer and Breton militant.	Bernard Le Nail	French
languages spoken or written	Elisabetta Gardini (born 3 June 1956) is an Italian actress and politician from Veneto.	Elisabetta Gardini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sigmund Theophil Staden (6 November 1607 -- 30 July 1655) was an important early German composer.	Sigmund Theophil Staden	German
languages spoken or written	Sir William Temple, 1st Baronet (25 April 1628 -- 27 January 1699) was an English statesman and essayist.	Sir William Temple, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Moishe Oysher (Yiddish: משה אוישר, (born 1906 in Lipkon (Lipcani), Bessarabia, Imperial Russia -- died 27 November 1958, New Rochelle, New York) was a Romanian cantor and Yiddish theatre actor. He is considered one of the most entertaining chazanim (cantors) ever recorded.	Moishe Oysher	Yiddish
languages spoken or written	Robert Shirley, Viscount Tamworth (28 December 1692 -- 5 July 1714) was an English nobleman and politician.	Robert Shirley, Viscount Tamworth	English
languages spoken or written	Konrad Haenisch (13 March 1876 - 28 April 1925) was a German Social Democratic Party politician and part of ``the radical Marxist Left'' of German politics.	Konrad Haenisch	German
languages spoken or written	Olaf Glaeseker (born 1961 in Oldenburg) is a German political consultant, journalist, publicist, and a close confidant of former President Christian Wulff.	Olaf Glaeseker	German
languages spoken or written	Lluís Homar i Toboso (born April 20, 1957) is a Spanish actor and theater director from Barcelona.	Lluís Homar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Furio Scarpelli (16 December 1919 -- 28 April 2010), also called Scarpelli, was an Italian screenwriter, famous for his collaboration on numerous Commedia all'italiana films with Agenore Incrocci, forming the duo Age & Scarpelli.	Furio Scarpelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Arnheim (July 15, 1904 -- June 9, 2007) was a German-born author, art and film theorist, and perceptual psychologist.	Rudolf Arnheim	German
languages spoken or written	Tang Haoming (Chinese: 唐浩明; pinyin: Táng Hàomíng; born October 1946), born as Deng Yunsheng (simplified Chinese: 邓云生; traditional Chinese: 鄧雲生; pinyin: Dèng Yúnshēng), is a Chinese novelist.	Tang Haoming	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Suzanne Duchamp-Crotti (20 October 1889 -- 11 September 1963) was a French Dadaist painter.	Suzanne Duchamp	French
languages spoken or written	Inger Christensen (16 January 1935 -- 2 January 2009) was a Danish poet, novelist, essayist and editor considered the foremost Danish poetic experimentalist of her generation.	Inger Christensen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Niels Kaj Jerne, FRS (December 23, 1911 -- October 7, 1994) was a Danish immunologist.	Niels Kaj Jerne	Danish
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Stefan Zieliński (Russian: Фадде́й Фра́нцевич Зели́нский; near Uman, Kiev Governorate, Russian Empire, September 14, 1859 -- May 8, 1944, Schondorf, Upper Bavaria) was a prominent Polish classical philologist, historian, translator of Sophocles, Euripides and other classical authors into Russian.	Tadeusz Stefan Zieliński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Kinga Göncz (born 8 November 1947) is a Hungarian academic and the former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Hungary between 2006 and 2009.	Kinga Göncz	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Georges Marion (1 June 1869, in Fixin, Côte-d'Or -- 17 October 1960, in Paris) was a French surgeon and urologist.	Georges Marion	French
languages spoken or written	Gustav Seyffarth (13 July 1796 -- 17 November 1885) was a German-American Egyptologist, born in Uebigau.	Gustav Seyffarth	German
languages spoken or written	Karim Alrawi (Arabic كريم الراوي) is a writer born in Alexandria, Egypt.	Karim Alrawi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Norbert Bolz (born April 17, 1953) is a German philosopher and media theorist.	Norbert Bolz	German
languages spoken or written	Lucie Šafářová (; born 4 February 1987) is a professional Czech tennis player from Brno.	Lucie Šafářová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Arnold van Gennep, in full Charles-Arnold Kurr van Gennep (23 April 1873 -- 7 May 1957) was a noted Dutch-German-French ethnographer and folklorist.	Arnold van Gennep	French
languages spoken or written	Carlos García Cantarero (born November 4, 1961) is a Spanish footballer and manager.	Carlos García Cantarero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maurice Benayoun (aka MoBen or 莫奔) (born 29 March 1957 in Mascara, Algeria) is a French pioneer new-media artist and theorist based in Paris and Hong Kong.	Maurice Benayoun	French
languages spoken or written	Reinhold F. Glei (German: (glaɪ); born 11 Juni, 1959 in Remscheid) is a German philologist and translator.	Reinhold F. Glei	German
languages spoken or written	Germain Habert de Cérisy (1615 -- May 1654) was a French churchman and poet.	Germain Habert	French
languages spoken or written	Miguel Cabrera Cabrera (born 1948, Gran Canaria, Spain) is a Spanish architect and politician whose sphere of political action has been the Canary Island of Fuerteventura.	Miguel Cabrera Cabrera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luis Cid Pérez, known as Carriega (born 9 December 1929) is a Spanish former professional football coach who managed a number of club sides including Sporting de Gijón, Real Zaragoza, Sevilla, Real Betis, Atlético Madrid and UE Figueres.	Luis Cid	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Geminiano Montanari (June 1, 1633 -- October 13, 1687) was an Italian astronomer, lens-maker, and proponent of the experimental approach to science.	Geminiano Montanari	Italian
languages spoken or written	František Kupka (September 23, 1871 -- June 24, 1957), also known as Frank Kupka or François Kupka, was a Czech painter and graphic artist.	František Kupka	Czech
languages spoken or written	Luis Miguel Fernández Toledo known as Luis Fernández (French pronunciation: ​(lwis fɛʁ.nɑ̃.dɛz); Spanish pronunciation: (lwis feɾˈnandeθ) born on 2 October 1959 in Tarifa, Spain) is a French retired footballer who played as a defender/midfielder.	Luis Fernández	French
languages spoken or written	Stéphane Venne (born July 2, 1941 in Verdun, Quebec, Canada) is a French-Canadian songwriter and composer.	Stéphane Venne	French
languages spoken or written	Francisco Garrido Peña (Seville, Spain, 25 March 1958) is a Spanish politician and member of the Green Party, which has previously supported the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) in the Spanish Congress of Deputies.	Francisco Garrido Peña	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francisco de Ulloa (pronounced: (fɾanˈθisko de uˈʎoa)) (died 1540) was a Spanish explorer who explored the west coast of present-day Mexico under the commission of Hernán Cortés.	Francisco de Ulloa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Quidde (March 23, 1858, Bremen -- March 4, 1941) was a German pacifist who is mainly remembered today for his acerbic criticism of German Emperor Wilhelm II and a politician.	Ludwig Quidde	German
languages spoken or written	Segundo Serrano Poncela (1912 - 9 December 1976) was a Spanish Republican politician, writer, literary critic, and essayist associated with the Generation of '36 movement.	Segundo Serrano Poncela	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lord William George Frederick Cavendish-Scott-Bentinck (27 February 1802 -- 21 September 1848), better known as Lord George Bentinck, was an English Conservative politician and racehorse owner, noted for his role (with Benjamin Disraeli) in unseating Sir Robert Peel over the Corn Laws.	Lord George Bentinck	English
languages spoken or written	Rodolfo Martín Villa (born 3 October 1934) is a Spanish engineer and politician, who served in various capacities in cabinets of the Spanish transition to democracy, including interior minister and first deputy prime minister.	Rodolfo Martín Villa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Ferrara (born 1953 in Trieste) is an Italian philosopher, currently Professor of Political Philosophy at the University of Rome Tor Vergata and former President of the Italian Association for Political Philosophy.	Alessandro Ferrara	Italian
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Behringer is a German historian specialising in the witchcraft beliefs of Early Modern Europe.	Wolfgang Behringer	German
languages spoken or written	Walter Charleton (2 February 1619 -- 24 April 1707) was a natural philosopher, an English writer.	Walter Charleton	English
languages spoken or written	Richard Texier is a French painter and sculptor.	Richard Texier	French
languages spoken or written	Aurélien Barrau (19 May 1973 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French physicist and philosopher, specialized in astroparticle physics, black holes and cosmology.	Aurélien Barrau	French
languages spoken or written	Zef Jubani (1818--1880) born Zef Ndokillia was an Albanian folklorist, philosopher and activist of the Albanian National Awakening.	Zef Jubani	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Cristóbal Valero (died December 1789) was a Spanish painter.	Cristóbal Valero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claudine Doury (born 1959 in Blois) is a French photographer living in Paris.	Claudine Doury	French
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Jan Kowalski (1889-1948) was a Polish orientalist, expert on Middle East Muslim culture and languages.	Tadeusz Jan Kowalski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Tale Ognenovski (Macedonian: Тале Огненовски) (April 27, 1922 - June 19, 2012) was a Macedonian multi-instrumentalist: clarinet, reed pipe (instrument) (recorder), tin whistle, small bagpipe, zourla (zurla) and drum, composer and bandleader.	Tale Ognenovski	Macedonian
languages spoken or written	Philippe Chéry (1759 -- 1838), a French historical and portrait painter, was a pupil of Vien.	Philippe Chéry	French
languages spoken or written	Alfred Latour (1888, Paris -- 1964, Eygalières) was a French painter and engraver who also worked extensively as a graphic designer and as an advertiser.	Alfred Latour	French
languages spoken or written	Dionisio Ridruejo Jiménez (12 October 1912 - 29 June 1975) was a Spanish poet and political figure associated with the Generation of '36 movement and a member of the Falange political party.	Dionisio Ridruejo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Franck Goddio (born 1947 in Casablanca, Morocco) is a French underwater archaeologist who, in 2000, discovered the city of Herakleion--	Franck Goddio	French
languages spoken or written	Diego Ronquillo was the fifth Spanish governor of the Philippines, from March 10, 1583 until May 1584.	Diego Ronquillo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sarah Israelit Groll (Hebrew: שרה ישראלית-גרול‎; 1925--2007) was an Israeli Egyptologist.	Sarah Israelit Groll	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	İhsan Oktay Anar (born 1960 in Yozgat, Turkey), is a Turkish writer, illustrator, literature translator and an academic.	İhsan Oktay Anar	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Étienne Juillard (23 February 1914 -- 11 November 2006) was a French geographer and scientist.	Étienne Juillard	French
languages spoken or written	Carmen Viance (June 21, 1905 -- July, 1985) was a Spanish actress who appeared in twenty films between 1924 and 1943, including the 1927 silent film The Mendez Women.	Carmen Viance	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joseph Towers (1737--1799) was an English Dissenter and biographer.	Joseph Towers	English
languages spoken or written	José Ángel Egido (born 1951 in Redondela) is a Spanish actor.	José Ángel Egido	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Holger Ernst / HOLGERSON (born 1972) is a German script writer and film maker based in Berlin.	Holger Ernst	German
languages spoken or written	José Muñoz Molleda (1905--1988) was a Spanish composer, journalist, jurist and politician.	José Muñoz Molleda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Noel Aubert de Versé (c. 1642/45 in Le Mans -- 1714) was a French advocate of religious toleration, whose own religious position oscillated between Unitarian Protestantism and an Oratorian-influenced Catholicism.	Noel Aubert de Versé	French
languages spoken or written	Francesco Rosi (15 November 1922 -- 10 January 2015) was an Italian film director.	Francesco Rosi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Karin Struck (14 May 1947, Groß Kiesow -- 6 February 2006) was a German author.	Karin Struck	German
languages spoken or written	Fritz Machlup (German: (ˈmaχlʊp); December 15, 1902 -- January 30, 1983) was an Austrian-American economist.	Fritz Machlup	German
languages spoken or written	Kenji Uematsu (born 28 October 1976 in Portugalete, Vizcaya) is a Spanish judoka.His father is Japanese and his mother is Spanish.	Kenji Uematsu	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Emile Verhaeren (Dutch: (vərˈɦaːrən); 21 May 1855 -- 27 November 1916) was a Belgian poet who wrote in the French language, and one of the chief founders of the school of Symbolism.	Emile Verhaeren	French
languages spoken or written	B. de Canals was a 14th-century Spanish author of a Latin chronicle.	B. de Canals	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Yrsa Sigurðardóttir (born in 1963) is an Icelandic writer of both crime novels and children's fiction.	Yrsa Sigurðardóttir	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	José María Cano (born February 21, 1959) is a Spanish visual artist.	José María Cano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Muhammad Ali Jinnah (Urdu: محمد علی جناح‎ ALA-LC: Muḥammad ʿAlī Jināḥ, born Mahomedali Jinnahbhai; 25 December 1876 -- 11 September 1948) was a lawyer, politician, and the founder of Pakistan.	Muhammad Ali Jinnah	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Edward Sapir's first language was Yiddish, and later English.	Edward Sapir	English
languages spoken or written	Shulamit Lapid (Hebrew: שולמית לפיד, born 9 November 1934) is an Israeli novelist and playwright.	Shulamit Lapid	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Hugo Winckler (4 July 1863 -- 19 April 1913) was a German archaeologist and historian who uncovered the capital of the Hittite Empire (Hattusa) at Boğazkale, Turkey.	Hugo Winckler	German
languages spoken or written	Shabnam Shakeel (Urdu: شبنم شکیل‎ ALA-LC: S̱ẖabnam S̱ẖakīl IPA: (ʃəbnəm ʃəkiːl); March 12, 1942 -- March 2, 2013) was a Pakistani poet, writer, and academician.	Shabnam Shakeel	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Miguel de la Quadra-Salcedo y Gayarre (Madrid, April 30, 1932) is a Spanish reporter who was before one of the greatest athletes of the country.	Miguel de la Quadra-Salcedo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Marzano (born 18 February 1935) is an Italian economist, academic and politician, who served as the minister of productive activities in the second cabinet of Silvio Berlusconi from 2001 to 2005.	Antonio Marzano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Monica Vitti (born 3 November 1931) is an Italian actress best known for her starring roles in films directed by Michelangelo Antonioni during the early 1960s.	Monica Vitti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johan Nordahl Brun Grieg, known as Nordahl Grieg, (1 November 1902 -- 2 December 1943) was a Norwegian poet, novelist, dramatist, journalist and political activist.	Nordahl Grieg	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Sadie Jones (born 1967) is an English writer and novelist.	Sadie Jones	English
languages spoken or written	Emilio Gentile (born 1946 in Bojano) is an Italian historian specializing in the ideology and culture of fascism.	Emilio Gentile	Italian
languages spoken or written	John Lindley FRS (5 February 1799 -- 1 November 1865) was an English botanist, gardener and orchidologist.	John Lindley	English
languages spoken or written	Jesús Ballesteros (born 1943 in Valencia) is a Spanish philosopher and jurist.	Jesús Ballesteros	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rahel Sanzara (also Sansara; pseudonym for Johanna Bleschke) (9 February 1894 -- 8 February 1936) was a German dancer, actress and novelist.	Rahel Sanzara	German
languages spoken or written	Arturo Soria y Mata (1844-1920) was an internationally important Spanish urban planner whose work remains highly inspirational today.	Arturo Soria y Mata	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dr Rachel Adato-Levy (Hebrew: רחל אדטו-לוי‎, born 21 June 1947) is an Israeli gynaecologist, lawyer and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima and Hatnuah between 2009 and 2013.	Rachel Adato	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	José-Miguel Ullán (October 30, 1944 -- May 23, 2009) was a Spanish television journalist, writer and poet.	José-Miguel Ullán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Shi Tiesheng (史铁生) (1951 -- December 31, 2010) was a Chinese novelist, known for his story which was the basis of the film Life on a String.	Shi Tiesheng	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Mohammad Barakeh (Arabic: محمد بركة‎, Hebrew: מוחמד ברכה‎; born 29 July 1955) is an Israeli Arab politician.	Mohammad Barakeh	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Karl-Heinz Kipp (born 1924) is the German billionaire founder of the Massa chain of German department stores and, having since sold the business whilst keeping the property, has a large property portfolio.	Karl-Heinz Kipp	German
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Steinitz (28 February 1905 - 21 April 1967) was a German linguist and folklorist.	Wolfgang Steinitz	German
languages spoken or written	Antony Preston (26 February 1938 -- 25 December 2004) was an English naval historian and editor, specialising in the area of 19th and 20th-century naval history and warship design.	Antony Preston	English
languages spoken or written	Xavier Vendrell i Segura, (San Juan Despí (Barcelona), 15 October 1966) is a Catalan entrepreneur.	Xavier Vendrell	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Pere Ardiaca i Martí (1909 Balaguer, Lleida Province -- 5 November 1986 Moscow) was a Spanish Catalan communist politician.	Pere Ardiaca	Spanish Catalan
languages spoken or written	Jean Alaux, called ``le Romain'' (``the Roman''), (1785 -- 2 March 1864) was a French history painter and Director of the French Academy in Rome from 1846-52.	Jean Alaux	French
languages spoken or written	Ewald Nowotny (German pronunciation: (ˌeːvalt noˈvɔtniː)) (born June 28, 1944, in Vienna) is an Austrian economist and social democratic politician and currently president (governor) of the National Bank of Austria and member of the European Central Bank (ECB)'s governing council.	Ewald Nowotny	German
languages spoken or written	Werner Mauss (born 11 February 1940 in Essen) initially worked as a private investigator for various German companies.	Werner Mauss	German
languages spoken or written	Artemisia Gentileschi (Italian pronunciation: (arteˈmizja dʒentiˈleski); July 8, 1593 -- c. 1656) was an Italian Baroque painter, today considered one of the most accomplished painters in the generation following that of Caravaggio.	Artemisia Gentileschi	Italian
languages spoken or written	James Lumley (c. 1706 -- 14 March 1766) was an English Member of Parliament and landowner.	James Lumley	English
languages spoken or written	Carles Riba i Bracons (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈkarləz ˈriβə)) (23 September 1893 - 1959) was a Catalan poet, writer and translator.	Carles Riba	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Francisco Palau y Quer, O.C.D., (Catalan: Francesc Palau i Quer; 29 December 1811 - 20 March 1872) was a Catalan Discalced Carmelite friar and priest.	Francisco Palau	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Sir Nathaniel Mead (died 1760), of Goosehays, near Romford, Essex, was an English politician.	Nathaniel Mead	English
languages spoken or written	Władysław Szlengel (1914 -- May 8, 1943) was a Jewish-Polish poet, lyricist, journalist and stage actor.	Władysław Szlengel	Polish
languages spoken or written	Charles Crompton Q.C. (4 February 1833 -- 25 June 1890) was an English barrister and Liberal politician.	Charles Crompton	English
languages spoken or written	Dame Cicely Veronica Wedgwood OM DBE (20 July 1910 -- 9 March 1997) was an English historian who published under the name C. V. Wedgwood.	Veronica Wedgwood	English
languages spoken or written	Maud de Belleroche (born in 1922 in Paris) is a French writer, author of the 1968 best-seller L'Ordinatrice and winner of the 1963 Prix Broquette-Gonin for Cinq personnages en quête d’empereur.	Maud de Belleroche	French
languages spoken or written	Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński (c. 1550 - c. 1581) was an influential Polish poet of the late Renaissance who wrote in both Polish and Latin.	Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński	Polish	Latin
languages spoken or written	Vineeth Kumar is an Indian film actor and director in Malayalam cinema.	Vineeth Kumar	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Pablo Guerrero (Esparragosa de Lares, 18 October 1946) is a Spanish singer-songwriter, lyricist and poet.	Pablo Guerrero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Fernando de las Infantas (1534--ca. 1610) was a Spanish nobleman, composer and theologian.	Fernando de las Infantas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johann Gustav Gottlieb Büsching (19 September 1783 -- 4 May 1829) was a German antiquary.	Johann Gustav Gottlieb Büsching	German
languages spoken or written	Artur Lundkvist (3 March 1906 in Perstorp Municipality, Skåne County -- 11 December 1991 in Solna, Stockholm County) was a Swedish writer, poet and literary critic.	Artur Lundkvist	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Michel Faber (born 13 April 1960) is a Dutch-born writer of English-language fiction, including his 2002 novel The Crimson Petal and the White.	Michel Faber	English
languages spoken or written	Alummoodan (Malayalam: ആലുംമൂടൻ) was a Malayalam film actor.	Alummoodan	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Manasy Veetinal (born 28 March), screen name Manasy, is an Indian film actress who works in Malayalam films.	Manasy Veetinal	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Suwanni Sukhontha (Thai: สุวรรณี สุคนธา) was the pen name of Suwanni Sukhonthiang (Thai: สุวรรณี สุคนธ์เที่ยง; 1 March 1932 -- 3 February 1984), a Thai writer and novelist.	Suwanni Sukhontha	Thai
languages spoken or written	François d'Aguilon (also d'Aguillon or in Latin Franciscus Aguilonius) (4 January 1567 -- 20 March 1617) was a Belgian Jesuit mathematician, physicist and architect.	François d'Aguilon	Latin
languages spoken or written	Angela Lambert (née Angela Maria Helps) (14 April 1940 -- 26 September 2007) was a British journalist, art critic and author, best known for the novel A Rather English Marriage, and her novel Kiss and Kin won the Romantic Novel of the Year Award.	Angela Lambert	English
languages spoken or written	Gervais de La Rue (7 September 1751 -- 24 September 1835), French historical investigator, formerly regarded as one of the chief authorities on Norman and Anglo-Norman literature.	Gervais de La Rue	French
languages spoken or written	André Leroi-Gourhan (August 25, 1911 -- February 19, 1986) was a French archaeologist, paleontologist, paleoanthropologist, and anthropologist with an interest in technology and aesthetics and a penchant for philosophical reflection.	André Leroi-Gourhan	French
languages spoken or written	Vito Volterra (3 May 1860 -- 11 October 1940) was an Italian mathematician and physicist, known for his contributions to mathematical biology and integral equations, being one of the founders of functional analysis.	Vito Volterra	Italian
languages spoken or written	Wojciech Bobowski or Ali Ufki (also Albertus Bobovius, Ali Bey, Santurî Ali Ufki; 1610--1675) was a Polish musician and dragoman in the Ottoman Empire.	Wojciech Bobowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	James Parkinson FGS (11 April 1755 -- 21 December 1824) was an English surgeon, apothecary, geologist, palaeontologist, and political activist.	James Parkinson	English
languages spoken or written	Marco Scacchi (ca. 1600 -- 7 September 1662) was an Italian composer and writer on music.	Marco Scacchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pauline Clarke (19 May 1921 -- 23 July 2013) was an English author who has written for younger children under the name Helen Clare, for older children as Pauline Clarke, and more recently for adults under her married name Pauline Hunter Blair.	Pauline Clarke	English
languages spoken or written	An Oklahoma native and recent transplant into the deep south, Rachel Vincent has a BA in English (University of Central Oklahoma, '00).	Rachel Vincent	English
languages spoken or written	Otto Eißfeldt, spelled alternatively Otto Eissfeldt, (September 1, 1887 in Northeim -- April 23, 1973) was a German Protestant theologian, known for his work on the Old Testament and comparative near-east religious history.	Otto Eissfeldt	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Filoteo Achillini (Latin Joannes Philotheus Achillinus; 1466--1538) was an Italian philosopher.	Giovanni Filoteo Achillini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Roger Morrice (1628--1702) was an English Puritan minister and political journalist.	Roger Morrice	English
languages spoken or written	Lê Lựu (Khoái Châu, 12 December 1942) is a Vietnamese writer specializing in novels and short stories.	Lê Lựu	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Serge Duigou (born 17 February 1948, Pont-l'Abbé, Pays Bigouden in sud-Finistère) is a French historian, specialising in the history of Brittany.	Serge Duigou	French
languages spoken or written	Mario Vegetti (born 1937) is an Italian historian of philosophy.	Mario Vegetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Díaz Canales (born 1972) is a Spanish comics artist and an animated film director, known as the co-creator of Blacksad.	Juan Díaz Canales	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Byrhtferth's signature appears on only two unpublished works, his Latin and Old English Manual, and Latin Preface.	Byrhtferth	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jadumani Mahapatra (Jadumani Mohapatra) (1783--1868) also known as Utkal Ghanta was an Odia language poet, humorist and satirist, who was principal poet during the rule of king Binayak Singh Mandhata of Nayagarh princely state in present day Odisha.	Jadumani Mahapatra	Odia
languages spoken or written	Joan Albert Amargós is a Spanish composer and conductor born in Barcelona in 1950.	Joan Albert Amargós	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ernst Herbeck (October 9, 1920, Stockerau, Lower Austria -- September 11, 1991) was a German poet.	Ernst Herbeck	German
languages spoken or written	Georges Pichard (January 17, 1920 -- June 7, 2003) was a French comics artist, known for numerous BD Franco-Belgian comics magazine covers, serial publications and albums, stereotypically featuring partially exposed voluptuous women.	Georges Pichard	French
languages spoken or written	Carl David af Wirsén (December 9, 1842 -- June 12, 1912) was a Swedish poet, literary critic and the Swedish Academy's permanent secretary 1884-1912.	Carl David af Wirsén	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Carlo Cesio was also an engraver of some eminence; we have by him several plates after the Italian painters of his time.	Carlo Cesio	Italian
languages spoken or written	María Teresa León (31 October 1903 -- 13 December 1988) was a Spanish writer, activist and cultural ambassador.	María Teresa León	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Anna Cecilia Petra Östergren (born September 29, 1965 in Kiruna Municipality) is a Swedish feminist writer, debater, social commentator and an instructor in self defense.	Petra Östergren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Mathes Roriczer also Matthäus Roritzer, (approximate dates 1435-1495) was a 15th-century German architect and author of several surviving booklets on medieval architectural design.	Mathes Roriczer	German
languages spoken or written	Gerd Gigerenzer (born September 3, 1947, Wallersdorf, Germany) is a German psychologist who has studied the use of bounded rationality and heuristics in decision making.	Gerd Gigerenzer	German
languages spoken or written	Gabriel Celaya (full name: Rafeal Gabriel Juan Múgica Celaya Leceta) was a Spanish poet.	Gabriel Celaya	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Matthieu Petit-Didier (18 December 1659, Saint-Nicolas-de-Port, Lorraine, -- 17 June 1728, Senones) was a French Benedictine theologian and ecclesiastical historian.	Matthieu Petit-Didier	French
languages spoken or written	Jordan Scott (born 1977) is an English photographer, filmmaker, and actress.	Jordan Scott	English
languages spoken or written	Matija Murko also known as Mathias Murko (10 February 1861 -- 11 February 1952) was a Slovene scholar, known mostly for his work on oral epic traditions in Serbian, Bosnian and Croatian.	Matija Murko	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Dr. Dharamvir Bharati (धर्मवीर भारती) (25 December 1926 -- 4 September 1997) was a renowned Hindi poet, author, playwright and a social thinker of India.	Dharamvir Bharati	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Pierre Jean François Turpin (11 March 1775, Vire -- 1 May 1840) was a French botanist and illustrator.	Pierre Jean François Turpin	French
languages spoken or written	Mihai Rădulescu (May 15, 1936 in Bucharest -- January 20, 2009 in Bucharest) was a Romanian novelist, poet, historian and art critic.	Mihai Rădulescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Procacci (born May 4, 1955 in Bari), is an Italian politician, and was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in the 2006 General election.	Giovanni Procacci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lloyd Schwartz (born November 29, 1941) is an American poet who is the Frederick S. Troy Professor of English at the University of Massachusetts Boston.	Lloyd Schwartz	English
languages spoken or written	Babaji Singh Khalsa (Punjabi: ਬਾਬਾਜੀ ਸਿੰਘ ਖਾਲਸਾ) (August 15, 1947 -- November 19, 2006) was a Mexican Sikh who is credited for translating Guru Granth Sahib, the holy text of the Sikhs into Spanish.	Babaji Singh	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ramesh Ramilla, better known as Thagubothu Ramesh, is an Indian film actor and comedian who primarily works with Telugu cinema.	Thagubothu Ramesh	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Sigurður Pálsson (born Skinnastaður, 30 July 1948), is an Icelandic author and translator.	Sigurður Pálsson	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Goéry Delacôte, Légion d'honneur, is a French theoretical physicist and science educator.	Goéry Delacôte	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Kapp (13 April 1824 -- 27 October 1884) was a German-American lawyer, writer, and politician.	Friedrich Kapp	German
languages spoken or written	Magdalena Tulli (born 20 October 1955 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish novelist, one of Poland's leading writers.	Magdalena Tulli	Polish
languages spoken or written	Manuel Alfonseca (born 1946, Madrid) is a Spanish writer and university professor.	Manuel Alfonseca	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Arthur Leist (8 July 1852 -- 22 March 1927) was a German writer, journalist and translator of Georgian and Armenian literature.	Arthur Leist	German
languages spoken or written	Wadih El Safi (Arabic: وديع الصافي‎, born Wadi' Francis; November 1, 1921 -- October 11, 2013) was a Lebanese singer, songwriter, composer and actor.	Wadih El Safi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Sharad Kapoor (born 13 February 1976) is an Indian actor, who works in Hindi movies and television.	Sharad Kapoor	Hindi
languages spoken or written	John Antrobus (born 2 July 1933) is an English playwright and script writer.	John Antrobus	English
languages spoken or written	Salvatore Accardo (Italian pronunciation: (salvaˈtoːre akˈkardo); born 26 September 1941 in Turin, northern Italy) is an Italian violinist and conductor, who is known for his interpretations of the works of Niccolò Paganini.	Salvatore Accardo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Antoine Court (27 March 1696 -- 13 June 1760) was a French reformer called the ``Restorer of Protestantism in France.''	Antoine Court	French
languages spoken or written	George Roger Waters (born 6 September 1943) is an English singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer.	Roger Waters	English
languages spoken or written	Mouna Ayoub (Arabic: منى أيوب‎) (born on 27 February 1957 in Kuwait) is a well-known French socialite and businesswoman of Lebanese origin.	Mouna Ayoub	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Joaquim Carreras i Artau (Girona, August 14, 1894 -- Tiana (Barcelona), August 12, 1968) was a Catalan philosopher.	Joaquim Carreras i Artau	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Leszek Engelking (born 2 February 1955, Bytom, Upper Silesia) is a Polish poet, short-story writer, critic, essayist, scholar, and translator.	Leszek Engelking	Polish
languages spoken or written	Elsa Beskow (née Maartman) (11 February 1874 -- 30 June 1953) was a Swedish author and illustrator of children's books.	Elsa Beskow	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Daniel Dubroca (born 25 April 1954) is a former French national rugby union player and coach.	Daniel Dubroca	French
languages spoken or written	Angela Bianchini (ˈandʒela bjaŋˈkini) is an Italian fiction writer and literary critic of Jewish descent.	Angela Bianchini	Italian
languages spoken or written	John de Lugo (also Juan de Lugo y de Quiroga) (1583--1660), a Spanish Jesuit and Cardinal, was an eminent theologian of the Renaissance.	John de Lugo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacopo Strada (Mantua, 1507 -- Prague 1588) was an Italian polymath courtier of the 16th century, a painter, architect, goldsmith, inventor of machines, numismatist, linguist, collector and merchant of works of art. His portrait by Titian has kept his image familiar.	Jacopo Strada	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francisco León Barrios (was born 4 October 1974), known as Paco León is a Spanish actor, producer, and director.	Paco León	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Cipriano de Valera (C. 1532--C. 1600) was the editor of the first major revision of the Spanish Bible translation of Casiodoro de Reina.	Cipriano de Valera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	János Kis (born 17 September 1943) is a Hungarian philosopher and political scientist, who served as the inaugural leader of the liberal Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ) from 1990 to 1991.	János Kis	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Michał Bałucki, pseudonym Elpidon (born September 29, 1837 in Cracow; died October 17, 1901 in Cracow), was a Polish playwright and poet.	Michał Bałucki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Edmond Couchot is a French digital artist and art theoretician.	Edmond Couchot	French
languages spoken or written	Ernst Lubitsch (January 29, 1892 -- November 30, 1947) was a German American film director, producer, writer, and actor.	Ernst Lubitsch	German
languages spoken or written	Charles Filiger (28 November 1863, Thann -- 11 January 1928, Brest) was a French Symbolist painter.	Charles Filiger	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Andree (26 February 1835 -- 22 February 1912) was a German geographer and cartographer, noted for devoting himself especially to ethnographic studies.	Richard Andree	German
languages spoken or written	Gombojab Tsybikov (Russian: Гомбожаб Цэбекович Цыбиков Gombozhab Tsebekovich Tsybikov; Mongolian: Цэвэгийн Гомбожав, alternatively romanized as Gombozhab and Tsybikoff) (20 April 1873 -- 20 September 1930), was a Russian explorer of Tibet from 1899 to 1902.	Gombojab Tsybikov	Russian	Mongolian
languages spoken or written	Juan Cobo OP (高母羨) (ca. 1546-1592) was Spanish Dominican missionary, diplomat, astronomer and sinologist.	Juan Cobo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dag Solstad (born 16 July 1941) is a Norwegian novelist, short-story writer, and dramatist whose work has been translated into several languages.	Dag Solstad	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Bong Joon-ho (Hangul: 봉준호; born September 14, 1969) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.	Bong Joon-ho	Korean
languages spoken or written	Rafael Sari (Alghero, 1904 - 1978) was a popular Sardinian poet and writer in Catalan.	Rafael Sari	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Marie-Joseph Peyre (1730 -- 11 August 1785) was a French architect who designed in the neoclassical style.	Marie-Joseph Peyre	French
languages spoken or written	Vaclovas Biržiška (2 December 1884 -- 3 January 1956) was a Lithuanian attorney, bibliographer, and educator.	Vaclovas Biržiška	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Mathieu-Richard-Auguste Henrion (b. Metz, 19 June 1805; d. Aix-en-Provence, September, 1862) was a Baron, French magistrate, historian, and journalist.	Mathieu-Richard-Auguste Henrion	French
languages spoken or written	Luigi Squarzina (18 February 1922 -- 8 October 2010) was an Italian theatre dramatist and director.	Luigi Squarzina	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francesca Sanvitale (17 May 1928 - 9 February 2011) was an Italian novelist and journalist, ``one of Italy's most renowned contemporary authors''.	Francesca Sanvitale	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham (29 July 1843 -- 3 December 1919) was an English politician and amateur entomologist.	Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham	English
languages spoken or written	George Joseph Gustave Masson (9 March 1819- 29 August 1888), was an English-born educational writer with a French father and an English mother.	George Joseph Gustave Masson	French
languages spoken or written	Gaspare Carpegna (8 April, 1625 -- 6 May, 1714) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal.	Gaspare Carpegna	Italian
languages spoken or written	René-Michel Slodtz called Michel-Ange Slodtz (1705-1764) was a French sculptor who worked in Rococo style, and active mainly in Paris and Rome for the Menus-Plaisirs du Roi.	René-Michel Slodtz	French
languages spoken or written	Akif Pirinçci (German pronunciation: (ˈpiːʁɪntʃi); born 20 October 1959) is a German writer of Turkish origin who is best known internationally for his novel Felidae.	Akif Pirinçci	German
languages spoken or written	Thor Heyerdahl (Norwegian pronunciation: (tuːr ˈhæɪəɖɑːl); October 6, 1914 -- April 18, 2002) was a Norwegian adventurer and ethnographer with a background in zoology, botany, and geography.	Thor Heyerdahl	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Kálmán Thaly (3 January 1839, Csép - 26 September 1909, Zablát) was a Hungarian poet, historian and politician.	Kálmán Thaly	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Denys Johnson-Davies (Arabic: دنيس جونسون ديڤيز) is an eminent Arabic-to-English literary translator who has translated, inter alia, several works by Nobel Prize-winning Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz, Sudanese author Tayeb Salih, Palestinian poet Mahmud Darwish and Syrian author Zakaria Tamer.	Denys Johnson-Davies	English
languages spoken or written	Raoul Cabrol (1895--1956) was a French caricaturist.	Raoul Cabrol	French
languages spoken or written	Marguerite Long (13 November 1874 -- 13 February 1966) was a French pianist and teacher.	Marguerite Long	French
languages spoken or written	John Willis Fleming (28 November 1781 -- 4 September 1844) was an English landed proprietor and Conservative Member of Parliament.	John Willis Fleming	English
languages spoken or written	Eugen Kumičić (11 January 1850 -- 13 May 1904) was a prominent Croatian writer and politician.	Eugen Kumičić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Delitzsch (September 3, 1850 -- December 19, 1922) was a German Assyriologist.	Friedrich Delitzsch	German
languages spoken or written	Mariama Bâ (April 17, 1929 -- August 17, 1981) was a Senegalese author and feminist, who wrote in French.	Mariama Bâ	French
languages spoken or written	Henri Atlan (born 27 December 1931, Blida, French Algeria) is a French biophysicist and philosopher.	Henri Atlan	French
languages spoken or written	Javier Tomeo (September 9, 1932 - June 22, 2013) was a Spanish (Aragonese) essayist, dramatist, and novelist.	Javier Tomeo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Calcraft the elder (1726 -- 23 August 1772), of Rempstone in Dorset and Ingress in Kent, was an English army agent and politician.	John Calcraft	English
languages spoken or written	Emanuele Paternò di Sessa was an Italian chemist, discoverer of the Paternò--	Emanuele Paternò	Italian
languages spoken or written	Karl Rawer (born April 19, 1913) is a German specialist in radio wave propagation and the ionosphere.	Karl Rawer	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Adrien Mercier (1899--1995) was a French illustrator and advertising designer.	Jean-Adrien Mercier	French
languages spoken or written	Hu Jintao (Chinese: 胡锦涛 pinyin: Hú Jǐntāo, pronounced (xǔ tɕìntʰáʊ); born 21 December 1942) is a Chinese politician who was the paramount leader of China between 2002 and 2012.	Hu Jintao	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Delhi Kumar is a Tamil stage, television and film actor who is known for performing supporting roles in teleserials like Metti Oli and Engey Brahmanan.	Delhi Kumar	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Hans Ernst von Kottwitz (1 September 1757 -- 13 May 1843) was a German Pietist and philanthropist.	Hans Ernst von Kottwitz	German
languages spoken or written	Herbert Juttke (1897--1952) was a British-born German screenwriter who worked on around fifty film screenplays during his career.	Herbert Juttke	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Francisco de Castro Fernández (1721--1790) was a Spanish priest, lawyer and writer from Lugo.	Juan Francisco de Castro Fernández	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean Suret-Canale (27 April 1921 -- 23 June 2007) was a French historian of Africa, Marxist theoritican, political activist, and World War II French Resistance fighter.	Jean Suret-Canale	French
languages spoken or written	Matthew Tree (born December 30, 1958) is a writer in English and Catalan.	Matthew Tree	English	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Sir John Bertrand Watson (16 May 1878 -- 16 February 1948) was an English lawyer, Chief Metropolitan Magistrate and Liberal Party politician.	Bertrand Watson	English
languages spoken or written	William Withering FRS (17 March 1741 -- 6 October 1799) was an English botanist, geologist, chemist, physician and the discoverer of digitalis.	William Withering	English
languages spoken or written	Ercole Patti ( 16 February 1903 -- 15 November 1976) was an Italian author, dramatist, screenwriter and journalist.	Ercole Patti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Arrighi (7 July 1937 -- 18 June 2009) was an Italian scholar of political economy and sociology, and from 1998 a Professor of Sociology at Johns Hopkins University.	Giovanni Arrighi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Baron Péter Apor de Altorja (1676--1752) was a Hungarian count (főispán) and historian.	Péter Apor	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Józef Baran (born January 17, 1947 in Borzęcin is a Polish poet, living in Kraków.	Józef Baran	Polish
languages spoken or written	Charles Bargue (c. 1826/1827 -- April 6, 1883) was a French painter and lithographer who devised a drawing course.	Charles Bargue	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Sadron (12 May 1902 -- 5 September 1993), is a French physicist specialized in the study of biological macromolecules.	Charles Sadron	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Clarges, 2nd Baronet (25 July 1688 - 19 February 1759), of Aston, near Stevenage, Hertfordshire, was an English politician.	Sir Thomas Clarges, 2nd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Adolph Hausrath (13 January 1837 -- 2 August 1909), a German theologian, was born at Karlsruhe.	Adolph Hausrath	German
languages spoken or written	Danny Yatom (Hebrew: דני יתום‎, born 15 March 1945) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Labor.	Danny Yatom	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Dezső Kosztolányi (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈdɛʒøː ˈkostolaːɲi); March 29, 1885 -- November 3, 1936) was a Hungarian poet and prose-writer.	Dezső Kosztolányi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Luce Irigaray (French: (iʁigaʁɛ); born 3 May 1930) is a Belgian-born French feminist, philosopher, linguist, psycholinguist, psychoanalyst and cultural theorist.	Luce Irigaray	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Sébastien François Léonce Marie Paul Fagot (1842-1908) was a French malacologist who often published under the name Paul Fagot.	Jacques Sébastien François Léonce Marie Paul Fagot	French
languages spoken or written	Paruyr Sevak (Armenian: Պարույր Սևակ) (January 24, 1924 -- June 17, 1971) was an Armenian poet, translator and literary critic.	Paruyr Sevak	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Víctor Israel born José María Soler Vilanova (13 June 1929 -- 19 September 2009) was a Spanish (Catalan) film actor.	Víctor Israel	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Roberto Losada Rodríguez (Chinese: 盧比度; born 25 October 1976) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.	Roberto Losada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Poel (1852-1934) was an English actor, theatrical manager and dramatist best known for his presentations of Shakespeare.	William Poel	English
languages spoken or written	Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Jiménez (born 10 June 1970 in San Juan de Aznalfarache, Seville, Spain) aka El Sevilla is a Spanish actor and the lead singer of the comedy rock band Mojinos Escozios.	El Sevilla	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Józef Oleksy (ˈjuzɛf ɔˈlɛksɨ) (22 June 1946 -- 9 January 2015) was a Polish left-wing politician, former chairman of the Democratic Left Alliance (Sojusz Lewicy Demokratycznej, SLD).	Józef Oleksy	Polish
languages spoken or written	Yi In-hwa (born January 5, 1966) (Hangul: 이인화) is a South Korean writer, literary critic and professor	Yi In-hwa	Korean
languages spoken or written	Anneliese Maier (German: (ˈmaɪɐ); November 17, 1905 in Tübingen, Germany -- December, 1971 in Rome, Italy) was a German historian of science.	Anneliese Maier	German
languages spoken or written	Johann Habermann, also Johannes Avenarius (10 August 1516 -- 5 December 1590) was a German Lutheran theologian.	Johann Habermann	German
languages spoken or written	Maxwell Ruthven Thornton (11 July 1878 -- 30 August 1950) was an English Liberal politician and lawyer.	Maxwell Ruthven Thornton	English
languages spoken or written	Menahem Stern (Hebrew: מנחם שטרן‎; March 5, 1925 -- June 22, 1989) was an internationally acclaimed Israeli historian of the Second Temple period.	Menahem Stern	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Otto Freundlich (10 July 1878 -- 9 March 1943) was a German painter and sculptor of Jewish origin and one of the first generation of abstract artists.	Otto Freundlich	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Frank Fraser Darling FRSE LLD (born Frank Darling, 23 June 1903 -- 22 October 1979) was an English ecologist, ornithologist, farmer, conservationist and author, who is strongly associated with the highlands and islands of Scotland.	Frank Fraser Darling	English
languages spoken or written	Émile Roubaud (March 2, 1882 in Paris -- September 30, 1962 in Paris) was a French biologist and entomologist known for his work on paludism, yellow fever and sleeping sickness.	Émile Roubaud	French
languages spoken or written	Vittoria Aganoor (Armenian: Վիկտորիա Աղանուր, 26 May 1855 -- 9 April 1910) was an Italian poet with Armenian ancestry.	Vittoria Aganoor	Armenian	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ponciano Ponzano y Gascón (19 January 1813 -- 15 September 1877) was a Spanish neoclassical sculptor.	Ponciano Ponzano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Annibale Carracci (Italian pronunciation: (anˈnibale karˈrattʃi); November 3, 1560 -- July 15, 1609) was an Italian Baroque painter.	Annibale Carracci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Irene Pivetti (born 4 April 1963) is an Italian journalist and politician, she was President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 1996.	Irene Pivetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Willi Baumeister (22 January 1889 -- 31 August 1955) was a German painter, scenic designer, art professor, and typographer.	Willi Baumeister	German
languages spoken or written	Manuel Bretón de los Herreros (December 19, 1796, Quel (Logrono) -- November 8, 1873, Madrid) was a Spanish dramatist, educated at Madrid.	Manuel Bretón de los Herreros	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Goldberg is a literary theorist; formerly the Sir William Osler Professor of English Literature at Johns Hopkins University, he is currently Arts and Sciences Distinguished Professor of English at Emory University where he directed Studies in Sexualities from 2008-12.	Jonathan Goldberg	English
languages spoken or written	Gurbachan Singh Bhullar (born March 18, 1937) is a Punjabi author of short stories.	Gurbachan Singh Bhullar	Punjabi
languages spoken or written	Barthélemy d'Herbelot de Molainville (14 December 1625 -- 8 December 1695) was a French Orientalist.	Barthélemy d'Herbelot	French
languages spoken or written	Henry Aldrich (1647 -- 14 December 1710) was an English theologian and philosopher.	Henry Aldrich	English
languages spoken or written	Pedro Laín Entralgo (15 February 1908 - 5 June 2001) was a Spanish medical researcher.	Pedro Laín Entralgo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Marisol González Casas (Spanish pronunciation: (maɾiˈsol ɣonˈsales); born March 12, 1983) is a Mexican television personality, actor, and beauty pageant titleholder who competed in the Miss Universe 2003 pageant, held in Panama City, Panama on June 3, 2003.	Marisol González	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Luis Garci (born as José Luis García Muñoz; 20 January 1944) is a Spanish director, producer, critic, TV presenter, screenwriter and author.	José Luis Garci	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pedro José Amadeo Pissis Marín (Brioude, France, May 17, 1812 -- January 21, 1889, Santiago de Chile) was a French geologist who served the Chilean government in the 19th century.	Pedro José Amadeo Pissis	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Hormaechea Cazón (born 5 June 1939) is a former Spanish politician and former President of Cantabria between 1987 and 1990, and again from 1991 to 1995.	Juan Hormaechea	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mahesh Bhatt (born 20 September 1948) is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter known for his works exclusively in Hindi cinema.	Mahesh Bhatt	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Claudio Lolli (Bologna, March 28, 1950) is an Italian singer-songwriter, poet, writer and secondary school teacher.	Claudio Lolli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Boileau-Narcejac is the nom de plume by which French crime fiction writers Pierre Boileau (28 April 1906 -- 16 January 1989) and Pierre Ayraud, aka Thomas Narcejac (3 July 1908 -- 9 June 1998) collaborated.	Boileau-Narcejac	French
languages spoken or written	François Bonnemer was a French painter and engraver who was born at Falaise in 1637.	François Bonnemer	French
languages spoken or written	Augustin Roux (French: (ʁu); 26 January 1726 -- 28 June 1776) was a French doctor, encyclopedist and man of letters during the Age of Enlightenment.	Augustin Roux	French
languages spoken or written	Kaikala Satyanarayana is an Indian film actor, producer and director in Telugu Cinema.	Kaikala Satyanarayana	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Ernest Wichner (born in Zăbrani, 17 April 1952) is a German writer, editor and literary translator.	Ernest Wichner	German
languages spoken or written	Arrigo Petacco (Castelnuovo Magra, 1929) is an Italian writer, historian and journalist.	Arrigo Petacco	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nicole El Karoui is a French-Tunisian mathematician, and pioneer in the development of mathematical finance, born May 29, 1944, in Paris (maiden name ``Nicole Schvartz'').	Nicole El Karoui	French
languages spoken or written	Hilton Edwards (2 February 1903 -- 18 November 1982) was an English-born Irish actor, lighting designer and theatrical producer.	Hilton Edwards	English
languages spoken or written	Keith Richards (born 18 December 1943) is an English musician, singer, songwriter, actor, and one of the original members of the rock band The Rolling Stones.	Keith Richards	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-François-Auguste Le Dentu (21 June 1841 in Basse-Terre (Guadeloupe) -- 26 October 1926 in Paris) was a French surgeon.	Jean-François-Auguste Le Dentu	French
languages spoken or written	William Auld (6 November 1924 -- 11 September 2006) was a Scottish poet, author, translator and magazine editor who wrote chiefly in Esperanto.	William Auld	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Dan Rhodes (born 1972) is an English writer, possibly best known for the novel Timoleon Vieta Come Home (2003), a subversion of the popular Lassie Come Home movie.	Dan Rhodes	English
languages spoken or written	Ippolito Nievo (Italian pronunciation: (ipˈpɔːlito ˈnjɛːvo); 30 November 1831 -- 4 March 1861) was an Italian writer, journalist and patriot.	Ippolito Nievo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Klaus Holzkamp (November 30, 1927, Berlin -- November 1, 1995) was a German psychologist.	Klaus Holzkamp	German
languages spoken or written	Cristóbal Colón de Carvajal y Gorosábel, 18th Duke of Veragua, (October 4, 1949 - ) is a Spanish nobleman, businessman and formerly an officer, helicopter pilot, and commander of a naval vessel in the Spanish Navy.	Cristóbal Colón de Carvajal y Gorosábel, 18th Duke of Veragua	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Israel Gohberg (Hebrew: ישראל גוכברג‎; Russian: Изра́иль Цу́дикович Го́хберг; 23 August 1928 -- 12 October 2009) was a Bessarabian-born Soviet and Israeli mathematician, most known for his work in operator theory and functional analysis, in particular linear operators and integral equations.	Israel Gohberg	Russian
languages spoken or written	William Bullokar was a 16th-century printer who devised a 40-letter phonetic alphabet for the English language.	William Bullokar	English
languages spoken or written	Miguel Ángel Lotina Oruechebarría (born 18 June 1957) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker, and a current manager.	Miguel Ángel Lotina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Yezid Sayigh (Arabic: يزيد صايغ‎) (b. 1955) is a senior associate at the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut, Lebanon.	Yezid Sayigh	Arabic
languages spoken or written	José María Sicilia (born 1954) is a Spanish abstractionist painter who currently resides in Paris and Sóller.	José María Sicilia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Keki N. Daruwalla (born 1937) is a major Indian poet and short story writer in English language.	Keki N. Daruwalla	English
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Dato e Iradier (12 August 1856 -- 8 March 1921) was a Spanish political leader.	Eduardo Dato	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stefan Hertmans (born in Ghent, Belgium in 1951) is a Flemish Belgian writer.	Stefan Hertmans	Flemish
languages spoken or written	Louis-Joseph Le Lorrain (Paris, 1715- 1760) was a French painter and engraver.	Louis-Joseph Le Lorrain	French
languages spoken or written	Juan José Arbolí y Acaso (1795--1863) was a Spanish priest, writer and essayist.	Juan José Arbolí y Acaso	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Payne Collier (London, 11 January 1789 -- 17 September 1883), was an English Shakespearian critic and forger.	John Payne Collier	English
languages spoken or written	Jane Barker (1652-1732) was a popular English fiction writer, poet, and a staunch Jacobite.	Jane Barker	English
languages spoken or written	János Zsámboky or János Zsámboki or János Sámboki, (with his humanist name Latin: Johannes Sambucus, or Johannes Pannonicus Sambucus; June 1, 1531 - June 13, 1584) was a Hungarian humanist scholar: physician, philologist and historian.	János Zsámboky	Latin
languages spoken or written	James Scudamore, 3rd Viscount Scudamore (baptised 15 July 1684 -- 2 December 1716), was an English politician.	James Scudamore, 3rd Viscount Scudamore	English
languages spoken or written	Dr.Rudi Georgi (born 25 December 1927 in Bockau) was a politician and public official in the German Democratic Republic.	Rudi Georgi	German
languages spoken or written	Victor Langlois (20 March 1829 -- 14 May 1869) was a French historian, archaeologist, professor, numismatist, and orientalist who specialized in the study of the Middle Ages.	Victor Langlois	French
languages spoken or written	Major John Roland Abbey (23 November 1894 -- 24 December 1969) was an English book collector and High Sheriff.	John Roland Abbey	English
languages spoken or written	Cvetka Lipuš has received numerous prizes, and her poems are translated in several other languages including English, German, and Bulgarian.	Cvetka Lipuš	German
languages spoken or written	Neagu Djuvara (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈne̯aɡu d͡ʒjuˈvara); born August 18, 1916) is a Romanian historian, essayist, philosopher, journalist, novelist and diplomat.	Neagu Djuvara	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Silvio Kuhnert (born 9 September 1969 in Oelsnitz, Vogtland) is a German singer of popular folk music and a music producer.	Silvio Kuhnert	German
languages spoken or written	Fernando Villalón Daoíz y Halcón, conde de Miraflores de los Ángeles (Morón de la Frontera, Seville, 31 May 1881 - Madrid, 8 March 1930) was a Spanish poet and farmer.	Fernando Villalón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luis Royo (born 1954) is a Spanish artist born in Olalla, a village in the Aragonese province of Teruel.	Luis Royo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Temple Leader (1810--1903) was an English politician and connoisseur.	John Temple Leader	English
languages spoken or written	Georges Duplessis (19 March 1834 -- 26 March 1899) was a French art historian and curator.	Georges Duplessis	French
languages spoken or written	Alf Sommerfelt (November 23, 1892 -- October 12, 1965), was a Norwegian linguist and the first professor of linguistics in Norway, working at the University of Oslo from 1931 to 1962.	Alf Sommerfelt	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Richard Kroner (8 March 1884 in Breslau -- 2 November 1974 in Mammern) was a German neo-Hegelian philosopher, known for his Von Kant bis Hegel (1921/4), a classic history of German idealism written from the neo-Hegelian point of view.	Richard Kroner	German
languages spoken or written	Didier Marouani (born in 1953 in Monaco) is a French composer and musician.	Didier Marouani	French
languages spoken or written	Manuel Martí (1663--1737) was a Spanish archeologist, humanist, writer,and hellenist.	Manuel Martí	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Vincent Jandel (born at Gerbéviller, Lorraine, 18 July 1810; died at Rome, 11 December 1872) was a French Dominican, who became Master of the Order of Preachers.	Alexandre Vincent Jandel	French
languages spoken or written	Petr Pithart (born 2 January 1941, in Kladno) is a Czech politician, lawyer and political scientist.	Petr Pithart	Czech
languages spoken or written	Ulrich Schindel (September 10, 1935 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German classical philologist.	Ulrich Schindel	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Burlamaqui (French: (byʁlamaki); 24 June 1694 -- 3 April 1748) was a Swiss legal and political theorist who popularised a number of ideas propounded by other thinkers.	Jean-Jacques Burlamaqui	French
languages spoken or written	Iraj Afshar (8 October 1925 -- 9 March 2011) (Persian: ایرج افشار‎‎) was a bibliographer, historian, and an iconic figure in the field of Persian studies.	Iraj Afshar	Persian
languages spoken or written	Frauke Eigen (born 1969 in Aurich, Germany) is a German photographer, photojournalist and artist.	Frauke Eigen	German
languages spoken or written	Thierry Sabine (13 June 1949, Neuilly-sur-Seine -- 14 January 1986, Mali) was a French wrangler, motorcycle racer, and founder and main organizer of Paris Dakar.	Thierry Sabine	French
languages spoken or written	Peter Sellers, CBE (born Richard Henry Sellers; 8 September 1925 -- 24 July 1980) was an English film actor, comedian and singer.	Peter Sellers	English
languages spoken or written	Marion Montaigne (born April 8, 1980) is a French cartoonist, known particularly for her popular science comics.	Marion Montaigne	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Davers, 2nd Baronet (c. 1653--1722) was an English politician and landowner.	Sir Robert Davers, 2nd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Guido Boggiani (1861--1902) was an Italian painter, draftsman, photographer, and ethnologist who in 1887 traveled through the interior of Brazil, Bolivia and Paraguay to document the lives of Indians in the region.	Guido Boggiani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Claudio Abbado, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (ˈklaudjo abˈbaːdo); 26 June 1933 -- 20 January 2014) was an Italian conductor.	Claudio Abbado	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thiagarajan is an Indian actor, director and producer of Tamil films.	Thiagarajan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Thierry Ardisson (born January 6, 1949 in Bourganeuf, Creuse), is a French television producer and host and a movie producer.	Thierry Ardisson	French
languages spoken or written	Rev. Félix Granda y Álvarez Buylla (Mieres, 1868--1954) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest and sacred artist who founded the liturgical art workshop Talleres de Arte and directed its activities until his death.	Félix Granda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Whittingham (c. 1524--1579) was an English Biblical scholar, Bible translator, and Marian exile.	William Whittingham	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Dubreuil (March 5, 1872 - January 9, 1944) was a French photographer, born in Lille, who spent his career in France and Belgium.	Pierre Dubreuil	French
languages spoken or written	Montague Garrard Drake (1692-1728), of Shardeloes, near Amersham, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.	Montague Garrard Drake	English
languages spoken or written	Judith Schalansky (born 20 September 1980, in Greifswald) is a German writer, book designer and publisher.	Judith Schalansky	German
languages spoken or written	Chakravarthy Chandrachud (born 1977) is a journalist, writer, and director, fondly known as Dada in the contemporary Kannada literary field.	Chakravarthy Chandrachud	Kannada
languages spoken or written	İlhan Berk (18 November 1918 -- 28 August 2008) was a leading contemporary Turkish poet.	İlhan Berk	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Bozenna Intrator (born 1964, also Bozena Intrator Bożena Wnukowska) is a Polish-American writer, lyricist and translator.	Bozenna Intrator	Polish
languages spoken or written	Tserents (Armenian: Ծերենց, born Hovsep Shishmanyan, (Armenian: Հովսեփ Շիշմանյան): September 16 (28), 1822 in Constantinople -- February 1 (13), 1888 in Tiflis), was a prominent Armenian writer.	Tserents	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Bhakti Barve (10 September 1948 -- 12 February 2001) was an Indian film, theatre and television actress in Marathi, Hindi, and Gujarati.	Bhakti Barve	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Feridun Zaimoğlu (born 4 December 1964 in Bolu) is a German author and visual artist of Turkish origin.	Feridun Zaimoğlu	German
languages spoken or written	John Eugenikos (Greek: Ἰωάννης Εὐγενικός, Constantinople, after 1394 -- Laconia, after 1454/5) was a late Byzantine cleric and writer.	John Eugenikos	Greek
languages spoken or written	John Christopher Atkinson (1814--1900) was an English author, antiquary, and priest.	John Christopher Atkinson	English
languages spoken or written	Pyotr Arsenievich Smirnov (Russian: Пётр Арсе́ньевич Смирно́в) (1831-1898) created Russia's leading pre-revolutionary vodka company, an antecedent of both Smirnoff and Smirnov vodka.	Pyotr Arsenievich Smirnov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Rüdiger Lautmann (born December 22, 1935) is a German professor of sociology and one of the most prominent LGBT scholars in Germany.	Rüdiger Lautmann	German
languages spoken or written	Maria Gripe, born Maja Stina Walter (25 July 1923 -- 5 April 2007), was a Swedish author of books for children and young adults, often written in a magical and mystical tone.	Maria Gripe	Swedish
languages spoken or written	María Luisa Seco Lumbreras (June 1, 1948 - April 22, 1988) was a Spanish television presenter.	María Luisa Seco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Borel (Latin: Petrus Borellius; c. 1620 -- 1671) was a French savant: a chemist (and reputed alchemist), physician, and botanist.	Pierre Borel	Latin	French
languages spoken or written	Giulietto Chiesa (Italian pronunciation: (dʒuˈljetto ˈkjɛza); born on 4 September 1940 in Acqui Terme, Province of Alessandria, Italy) is an Italian journalist and politician, and was a Member of the European Parliament for North-West Italy with the Independent - Di Pietro-Occhetto List Civil Society.	Giulietto Chiesa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Józef Bachórz (born 1934) is a Polish phylologist, professor of Gdansk University, an expert in Polish poetry.	Józef Bachórz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Holger Gustafsson (born 1946) is a Swedish Christian Democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since 1991.	Holger Gustafsson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jules Ladoumègue (10 December 1906 -- 2 March 1973) was a French middle-distance runner.	Jules Ladoumègue	French
languages spoken or written	Eugen Kolisko (21 March 1893 -- 29 November 1939) was an Austrian-German physician and educator who was born in Vienna.	Eugen Kolisko	German
languages spoken or written	Paul-Hippolyte de Beauvilliers, duke of Saint-Aignan (15 November 1684, Paris -- 22 January 1776, Paris) was a French diplomat, soldier, chevalier des ordres du Roi and peer of France.	Paul-Hippolyte de Beauvilliers, duke of Saint-Aignan	French
languages spoken or written	Peter Michael Hamel (born in Munich, 15 July 1947) is a German composer.	Peter Michael Hamel	German
languages spoken or written	Santiago Rusiñol i Prats (Catalan: (səntiˈaɣu ruziˈɲɔɫ); 25 February 1861 -- 13 June 1931) was a Spanish painter, poet, and playwright.	Santiago Rusiñol	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	René Joachim Henri Dutrochet (November 14, 1776 -- February 4, 1847) was a French physician, botanist and physiologist.	Henri Dutrochet	French
languages spoken or written	Josep Coll i Martí (Pessonada, Conca de Dalt, Pallars Jussà (Catalonia), October 16, 1949), better known as Pep Coll, is a Catalan writer.	Pep Coll	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Dominique Varry (born 22 July 1956, in Belfort) is a French historian of books and professor at École nationale supérieure des sciences de l'information et des bibliothèques, part of the University of Lyon.	Dominique Varry	French
languages spoken or written	Prosper Weil (born September 21, 1926) is a French lawyer, professor emeritus of Panthéon-Assas University's law school and, since 1999, a member of the Institut de France's Académie des sciences morales et politiques.	Prosper Weil	French
languages spoken or written	Ann-Sofi Sidén is a contemporarty Swedish artist.	Ann-Sofi Sidén	Swedish
languages spoken or written	``To many observers of the Austrian and German art scene, Paul Flora appears to have weathered many storms on his stony path to becoming well known for his characteristic black ink line drawings.	Paul Flora	German
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Isakowicz-Zaleski (Armenian: Թադևոս Վարդապետ Իսահակյան-Զալեսկի, Tadevos Vartapet Isahakian-Zaleski) is a Polish Roman Catholic and Armenian Catholic priest, author and activist.	Tadeusz Isakowicz-Zaleski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Carl Jakob Sundevall (22 October 1801, Högestad - 2 February 1875) was a Swedish zoologist.	Carl Jakob Sundevall	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Lequeu (September 14, 1757 -- March 28, 1826) was a French draughtsman and architect.	Jean-Jacques Lequeu	French
languages spoken or written	Josef Dobrovský (17 August 1753 -- 6 January 1829) was a Bohemian philologist and historian, one of the most important figures of the Czech national revival.	Josef Dobrovský	Czech
languages spoken or written	Dr. Abel Hureau de Villeneuve was an aeronautical experimenter, and ran a major French aeronautical society and journal in the late nineteenth century.	Abel Hureau de Villeneuve	French
languages spoken or written	Louis John Frederick Ashdown-Hill, FSA (born 1949), commonly known as John Ashdown-Hill, is an independent historian and author of books on late medieval English history with a focus on the House of York and Richard III of England.	John Ashdown-Hill	English
languages spoken or written	Kottayam Santha (Malayalam: കോട്ടയം ശാന്ത) was an Indian film actress and Dubbing artist best known for her work in Malayalam cinema.	Kottayam Santha	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	David David-Weill (1871-1952) was a French-American banker, chairman of Lazard Frères in Paris, who built an important collection of art. His collection was plundered by the Nazis during the Second World War and over 2000 items seized.	David David-Weill	French
languages spoken or written	Ravi Mohan (born 10 September 1980), better known by his stage name Jayam Ravi, is an Indian film actor in the Tamil film industry.	Jayam Ravi	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Paul Prud'hon (April 4, 1758 -- February 16, 1823) was a French Romantic painter and draughtsman best known for his allegorical paintings and portraits.	Pierre-Paul Prud'hon	French
languages spoken or written	Anna Kamieńska (Krasnystaw, 12 April 1920 -- Warsaw, 10 May 1986) was a Polish poet, writer, translator and literary critic who wrote many books for children and adolescents.	Anna Kamieńska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ulrich Jasper Seetzen (January 30, 1767 -- September 1811) was a German explorer of Arabia and Palestine from Jever, German Frisia.	Ulrich Jasper Seetzen	German
languages spoken or written	Gerson von Bleichröder (22 December 1822 -- 18 February 1893) was a Jewish German banker.	Gerson von Bleichröder	German
languages spoken or written	Thierry Marx (born 19 September 1962) is a French chef, specialised in molecular gastronomy.	Thierry Marx	French
languages spoken or written	Camillo Togni (18 October 1922 -- 28 November 1993) was an Italian composer, teacher, and pianist.	Camillo Togni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Carles Puigdemont i Casamajó (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈkarɫəs pudʒðəˈmon i kəzəməˈʒo)) (Amer, 29 December 1962) is a politician and former journalist from Catalonia.	Carles Puigdemont	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Mario Casas Sierra (born in A Coruña, Galicia, Spain on 12 June 1986) is a Spanish actor.	Mario Casas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antoninus Liberalis (Greek: Ἀντωνῖνος Λιβεράλις) was an Ancient Greek grammarian who probably flourished between AD 100 and 300.	Antoninus Liberalis	Greek
languages spoken or written	Daniela Sanzone is an Italian and Canadian journalist.	Daniela Sanzone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pierre Lafitte Ithurralde (21 May 1901 -- 23 February 1985) was a French Basque priest and author.	Pierre Lafitte Ithurralde	French Basque
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Philippe-André Levêque de Vilmorin (November 30, 1776 - March 21, 1862), more commonly known as Philippe André de Vilmorin, was a notable French horticulturist.	Philippe André de Vilmorin	French
languages spoken or written	Ajmer Rode is a Canadian author writing in Punjabi as well as in English.	Ajmer Rode	English
languages spoken or written	Sébastien Demorand (born August 4, 1969) is a French journalist and food critic.	Sébastien Demorand	French
languages spoken or written	Henry Festing Jones (1851--1928) was an English solicitor and writer, known as the friend and posthumous biographer of Samuel Butler.	Henry Festing Jones	English
languages spoken or written	Christian Matthias Theodor Mommsen (30 November 1817 -- 1 November 1903) was a German classical scholar, historian, jurist, journalist, politician, archaeologist and writer generally regarded as one of the greatest classicists of the 19th century.	Theodor Mommsen	German
languages spoken or written	Gherasim Luca (23 July 1913 -- 9 February 1994) was a French-speaking Surrealist theorist and poet.	Gherasim Luca	French
languages spoken or written	Jacob Caro (February 2, 1835 -- December 12, 1904) was a Jewish German historian.	Jacob Caro	German
languages spoken or written	Alfred Freddy Krupa (Krūppa) (14 June 1971) is a Croatian contemporary painter, master draughtsman, book artist and art teacher.	Alfred Freddy Krupa	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Paolo Emiliani Giudici (13 June 1812 -- 8 September 1872), Italian writer, was born in Mussomeli, Sicily.	Paolo Emiliani Giudici	Italian
languages spoken or written	Bartholomäus Kilian (1630--1696), was a German engraver and member of the Kilian family of engravers.	Bartholomäus Kilian	German
languages spoken or written	Ettore Bastianini (September 24, 1922 -- January 25, 1967) was an Italian opera singer who was particularly associated with the operas of Verdi.	Ettore Bastianini	Italian
languages spoken or written	André Godard (21 January 1881 -- 31 July 1965) was an archaeologist, architect and historian of French and Middle Eastern Art. He also served as director of Iranian Archeological Service (IAS) (Edāre-ye kol-e 'atiqāt).	André Godard	French
languages spoken or written	Vincent Perrot (born 3 August 1965 in Confolens) is a French journalist, radio and television presenter and drag racing driver.	Vincent Perrot	French
languages spoken or written	Jules Marcel de Coppet (1881--1968) was a French colonial administrator stationed in several countries in Africa before becoming governor-general of French West Africa.	Jules Marcel de Coppet	French
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Lübke (17 January 1826 -- 5 April 1893) was a German art historian, born at Dortmund.	Wilhelm Lübke	German
languages spoken or written	Abdallah Zrika (Arabic: عبد الله زريقة‎) (born 1953 in Casablanca) is one of the most famous poets of Morocco.	Abdallah Zrika	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Paulus Stephanus Cassel (February 27, 1821 -- December 23, 1892), born Selig Cassel, was a German Jewish convert to Christianity, writer, orator, and missionary to Jews.	Paulus Stephanus Cassel	German
languages spoken or written	Vytautas Barkauskas (born March 25, 1931) is a Lithuanian composer and is a Professor of Composition of the Lithuanian Academy of Music, where he has taught since 1961.	Vytautas Barkauskas	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Stuart Gilbert (25 October 1883 -- 5 January 1969) was an English literary scholar and translator.	Stuart Gilbert	English
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Chapaprieta y Torregrosa (Torrevieja, 26 October 1871 -- Madrid, 1951) was a Spanish political figure during the Second Spanish Republic.	Joaquín Chapaprieta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Icíar Bollaín Pérez-Mínguez (born June 12, 1967 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish actress, director and screenwriter.	Icíar Bollaín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gaetano Latilla (12 January 1711 -- 15 January 1788) was an Italian opera composer, the most important of the period immediately preceding Niccolò Piccinni (his nephew).	Gaetano Latilla	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johann Gottfried Gruber (November 29, 1774, Naumburg -- August 7, 1851, Halle) was a German critic and literary historian.	Johann Gottfried Gruber	German
languages spoken or written	Louis-Frédéric Nussbaum, also known as Louis Frédéric or Louis-Frédéric (1923--1996), was a French scholar, art historian, writer, translator and editor.	Louis Frédéric	French
languages spoken or written	Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Hanmer, KH (23 January 1789 - 2 February 1868) was an English Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1831 to 1837.	Henry Hanmer	English
languages spoken or written	Fritz Aldinger (born April 30, 1941 in Marbach am Neckar) is a German materials scientist.	Fritz Aldinger	German
languages spoken or written	Enzo Fileno Carabba is an Italian writer with published works in Italy and abroad.	Enzo Fileno Carabba	Italian
languages spoken or written	Albert Lautman (February 8, 1908 -- August 1, 1944) was a French mathematical philosopher.	Albert Lautman	French
languages spoken or written	Sergio Fabbrini (born 21 February 1949) is an Italian political scientist.	Sergio Fabbrini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Amici (Italian: (dʒoˈvanni batˈtista aˈmiːtʃi); 25 March 1786 -- 10 April 1863) was an Italian astronomer, microscopist, and botanist.	Giovanni Battista Amici	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir Sidney Colvin (18 June 1845 -- 11 May 1927) was an English curator and literary and art critic, part of the illustrious Anglo-Indian Colvin family.	Sidney Colvin	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Rodríguez Luna (July 22, 1910 -- 1985) was a Spanish painter who developed most of his career while in exile in Mexico during the Spanish Civil War.	Antonio Rodríguez Luna	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ragnar von Holten (born 12 March 1934 in Gleiwitz, Silesia, died 26 September 2009 in Stockholm) was a Swedish painter, printmaker, book illustrator and museum curator.	Ragnar von Holten	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Geoffrey Alan Blyth (27 July 1929, London -- 14 August 2007, Lavenham) was an English music critic, author, and musicologist who was particularly known for his writings within the field of opera.	Alan Blyth	English
languages spoken or written	Pisanello (c. 1395 -- c. 1455), known professionally as Antonio di Puccio Pisano or Antonio di Puccio da Cereto, also erroneously called Vittore Pisano by Giorgio Vasari, was one of the most distinguished painters of the early Italian Renaissance and Quattrocento.	Pisanello	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marie-Sophie Germain (French pronunciation: ​(maʁi sɔfi ʒɛʁmɛ̃); 1 April 1776 -- 27 June 1831) was a French mathematician, physicist, and philosopher.	Sophie Germain	French
languages spoken or written	Born in Chicago, Illinois on November 22, 1905, James Burnham was the son of Claude George Burnham, an English immigrant and executive with the Burlington Railroad.	James Burnham	English
languages spoken or written	Mario Alberti (born May 7, 1965) is an Italian comic book artist and writer known for his works on the collections Nathan Never, Legs Weaver, Morgana and Redhand, and for his cover work, in particular for DC Comics.	Mario Alberti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Schenker (born 31 August 1948 in Hildesheim, Lower Saxony) is a German guitarist and founding member of the hard rock band Scorpions, being the rhythm/lead guitarist and one of the main songwriters of the band.	Rudolf Schenker	German
languages spoken or written	François-Joseph Double (1776-1842) was a French physician and co-founder of the Académie Nationale de Médecine.	François-Joseph Double	French
languages spoken or written	Vivien Merchant (born Ada Brand Thomson; 22 July 1929 -- 3 October 1982) was an English actress.	Vivien Merchant	English
languages spoken or written	Henri Gouhier (French: (guje); 5 December 1898 -- 31 March 1994) was a French philosopher, a historian of philosophy, and a literary critic.	Henri Gouhier	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Heinrich Köselitz (10 January 1854 -- 15 August 1918) was a German author and composer.	Heinrich Köselitz	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Adolph Roemer (15 April 1809 -- 25 November 1869), German geologist, was born at Hildesheim, in the Kingdom of Westphalia.	Friedrich Adolph Roemer	German
languages spoken or written	Lorenzo Acquarone (born 25 February 1931 in Ventimiglia) is an Italian lawyer and politician.	Lorenzo Acquarone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Émile Peynaud (June 29, 1912 -- July 18, 2004) was a French oenologist and researcher who has been credited with revolutionizing winemaking in the latter half of the 20th century, and has been called ``the forefather of modern oenology''.	Émile Peynaud	French
languages spoken or written	Luciano Bianciardi (Italian pronunciation: (luˈtʃano bjanˈtʃardi); 14 December 1922 -- 14 November 1971) was an Italian journalist, translator and writer of short stories and novels.	Luciano Bianciardi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johan Ihre (3 March 1707 -- 1 December 1780) was a Swedish philologist and historical linguist.	Johan Ihre	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Riccardo Illy (born 24 September 1955) is an Italian businessman and former politician.	Riccardo Illy	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gerbert de Montreuil was a 13th-century French poet from the north of France.	Gerbert de Montreuil	French
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Văn Thiệu (Northern Vietnamese pronunciation: (ŋwiən˧ˀ˥ vǎn˧ tʰiəw˧ˀ˩ʔ); Southern Vietnamese pronunciation: (ŋwiŋ˧˩˧ vǎŋ˧ tʰiw˨˧); 5 April 1923 -- 29 September 2001) was the president of South Vietnam from 1965 to 1975.	Nguyễn Văn Thiệu	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Ralph Niger, Latin Radulphus Niger or Radulfus Niger, anglicized Ralph the Black (c. 1140 -- c. 1217), was an Anglo-French theologian and one of the English chroniclers.	Ralph Niger	Latin
languages spoken or written	Johann August Nauck (September 18, 1822 -- August 3, 1892) was a German classical scholar and critic.	Johann August Nauck	German
languages spoken or written	Luigi Fabbri (23 December 1877 -- 24 June 1935), was an Italian anarchist, writer, agitator and propagandist who was charged with defeatism during the World War I. He was the father of Luce Fabbri.	Luigi Fabbri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Trevor Steele (born 1940) is an Australian Esperantist who has written numerous short stories and novels in Esperanto.	Trevor Steele	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Šatrijos Ragana (``Witch of Šatrija'') was the pen name of Marija Pečkauskaitė (March 8, 1877 -- July 24, 1930), a Lithuanian humanist and romantic writer and educator.	Šatrijos Ragana	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Francisco Javier Rojo Garcia (born 2 March 1949) is a Spanish socialist politician, from 2004 to 2011, he served as President of the Spanish Senate.	Javier Rojo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charles Pierre Chapsal (1787--1858) was a French grammarian, editor of the Classics and a founding member in 1821 of the Société de Géographie.	Charles Pierre Chapsal	French
languages spoken or written	Sydney Hervé Aufrère (born July 2, 1951 in Boulogne-Billancourt) is a French Egyptologist, archaeologist, and director of research at CNRS.	Sydney Hervé Aufrère	French
languages spoken or written	Christophe Michalak (born 22 July 1973 in Senlis, Oise, France) is a French Master Pâtissier (pastry chef), author and television presenter.	Christophe Michalak	French
languages spoken or written	Rodrigo de Quiroga López de Ulloa (c. 1512 -- February 20, 1580) was a Spanish conquistador of Galician origin.	Rodrigo de Quiroga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alda Neves da Graça do Espírito Santo (April 30, 1926 -- March 9, 2010), known as Alda do Espírito Santo, was a poet working in the Portuguese language.	Alda Neves da Graça do Espírito Santo	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Martine Beck (b. 1947) is a French psychotherapist, as well as an author of picture books and other children's literature.	Martine Beck	French
languages spoken or written	Nicholas Camusat was a French historian who was born at Troyes in 1575, and died in 1655.	Nicholas Camusat	French
languages spoken or written	William of Tyre (Latin: Willelmus Tyrensis; c. 1130 -- 29 September 1186) was a medieval prelate and chronicler.	William of Tyre	Latin
languages spoken or written	Theophilus Lindsey (20 June 1723 O.S. -- 3 November 1808) was an English theologian and clergyman who founded the first avowedly Unitarian congregation in the country, at Essex Street Chapel.	Theophilus Lindsey	English
languages spoken or written	Francisco Fernández Díaz-Martín was a Spanish playwright, poet, writer, lecturer and reciter born in Cabezuela in the cacereño Valle del Jerte.	Francisco Fernández Díaz-Martín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Strehler (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒordʒo ˈstrɛːler); 14 August 1921 -- 25 December 1997) was an Italian opera and theatre director.	Giorgio Strehler	Italian
languages spoken or written	Adolphe-Marie Hardy (23 May 1868 in Dison -- 19 June 1954 in Laeken) was a Belgian writer first published in 1888 He rose to be a major figure in French literature.	Adolphe-Marie Hardy	French
languages spoken or written	Duke Carl Gregor of Mecklenburg (German: Herzog Carl Gregor zu Mecklenburg; born 14 March 1933) is a member of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and a music and art historian.	Duke Carl Gregor of Mecklenburg	German
languages spoken or written	Juris Kronbergs (born 1946) is a Latvian-Swedish poet and translator, living in Stockholm.	Juris Kronbergs	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Véronique de Viguerie (born in 1978) is a French photojournalist.	Véronique de Viguerie	French
languages spoken or written	Cooperation between Marc Bauer who animated the film and wrote the script, and the French music group Kafka who composed and performed the music.	Marc Bauer	French
languages spoken or written	Claire Ferchaud (May 5, 1896 - January 29, 1972), in religion Sister Claire of Jesus Crucified was a French visionary and mystic, whose claims were ultimately rejected by the Catholic Church.	Claire Ferchaud	French
languages spoken or written	Farzaneh Aghaeipour (Persian: فرزانه آقايي پور‎) is an Iranian playwright, author, and activist.	Farzaneh Aghaeipour	Persian
languages spoken or written	Grace Aguilar (2 June 1816 -- 16 September 1847) was an English novelist, poet and writer on Jewish history and religion.	Grace Aguilar	English
languages spoken or written	Thomas Stellmach (born 1965 in Straubing, West Germany) is a German animated film producer and director.	Thomas Stellmach	German
languages spoken or written	Walter William Skeat (21 November 1835 -- 6 October 1912), FBA, was the pre-eminent English philologist of his time, and was instrumental in developing English as a higher education subject in the United Kingdom.	Walter William Skeat	English
languages spoken or written	Renato Ricci (1 June 1896 - 22 January 1956) was an Italian fascist politician active during the government of Benito Mussolini.	Renato Ricci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Avianus (c. AD 400) a Latin writer of fables, identified as a pagan.	Avianus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Gunnar Olof Hyltén-Cavallius (1818-1889) was a Swedish scholar of cultural history, librarian, theatre director, and diplomat.	Gunnar Olof Hyltén-Cavallius	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Angana Bose is a Bengali theatre and film actress.	Angana Bose	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Johann Karl August Musäus (29 March 1735 -- 28 October 1787) was a popular German author and one of the first collectors of German folk stories, most celebrated for his Volksmärchen der Deutschen (1782--86), a collection of German fairy tales retold as satires.	Johann Karl August Musäus	German
languages spoken or written	Petra Reski (born 1958, in Kamen) is a German journalist and author renowned for her anti-Mafia publications.	Petra Reski	German
languages spoken or written	In 1988, W. Kordes' Sons, a German rose breeding company introduced the Mireille Mathieu Rose to match her favorite lipstick color.	Mireille Mathieu	German
languages spoken or written	Isabel García Tejerina (Valladolid, 9 October 1968) is a Spanish politician who is a member of the PP. She has been General Secretary of Agriculture and Feeding of Spain in two periods: of April 2000 to April 2004 and of February 2012 to April 2014.	Isabel García Tejerina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alphonse Pénaud (May 31, 1850 -- October 22, 1880), was a 19th-century French pioneer of aviation design and engineering.	Alphonse Pénaud	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Friedrich Eduard William Wrede (German: (ˈvʀeːdə); 10 May 1859 -- 23 November 1906) was a German Lutheran theologian.	William Wrede	German
languages spoken or written	Johann Heinrich Lambert (German: (ˈlambɛʁt), Jean-Henri Lambert in French; 26 August 1728 -- 25 September 1777) was a Swiss polymath who made important contributions to the subjects of mathematics, physics (particularly optics), philosophy, astronomy and map projections.	Johann Heinrich Lambert	French
languages spoken or written	Prabhas (born Prabhas Raju Uppalapati) is an Indian film actor known for his works exclusively in Telugu cinema.	Prabhas	Telugu
languages spoken or written	John Sherlock (c.1705 - 25 July 1794) was a Spanish brigadier general in the Ultonia Regiment.	John Sherlock	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jagdish Raj Khurana (Hindi: जगदीश राज खुराना; 1928 -- 28 July 2013) was a Bollywood actor who holds a Guinness World Record record for being the most type-cast actor.	Jagdish Raj	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Eva Germaine Rimington Taylor (1879--1966) was an English geographer and historian of science, the first woman to hold an academic chair of geography in the United Kingdom.	Eva Germaine Rimington Taylor	English
languages spoken or written	Victor Eftimiu (24 January 1889 -- 27 November 1972) was a Romanian poet and playwright.	Victor Eftimiu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Joseph-Théodore Deck (2 January 1823 -- 15 May 1891) was a 19th-century French potter.	Théodore Deck	French
languages spoken or written	Masud Ghnaim (Arabic: مسعود غنايم‎, Hebrew: מסעוד גנאים‎; born 14 February 1965) is an Israeli Arab politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for the United Arab List.	Masud Ghnaim	Arabic	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Abul Asad (Bengali: আবুল আসাদ; born 1942) is a writer and journalist in Bangladesh.	Abul Asad	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Lauge Koch (5 July 1892 -- 5 June 1964) was a Danish geologist and Arctic explorer.	Lauge Koch	Danish
languages spoken or written	Désiré-Émile Inghelbrecht (17 September 1880 -- 14 February 1965) was a French composer, conductor and writer.	Désiré-Émile Inghelbrecht	French
languages spoken or written	Guido Turchi (10 November 1916 -- 15 September 2010) was an Italian composer and writer on music.	Guido Turchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fernando Tambroni Armaroli (25 November 1901 -- 18 February 1963) was a right-wing Italian politician of the Christian Democratic Party.	Fernando Tambroni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Abraham Castanho was a Spanish poet who lived at Amsterdam in the middle of the 17th century.	Abraham Castanho	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ulrike Draesner, born 1962 in Munich, is a German author.	Ulrike Draesner	German
languages spoken or written	Andrea Riccardi (born 16 January 1950 in Rome) is an Italian historian, professor, politician and activist, founder of the Community of Sant'Egidio.	Andrea Riccardi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Twisden Hodges (died 12 March 1865) was an English Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1835 and 1852.	Thomas Twisden Hodges	English
languages spoken or written	Moyukh Chowdhury (Bengali: ময়ুখ চৌধুরী; born 22 October 1950) is a Bangladeshi poet, critic, researcher and professor.	Moyukh Chowdhury	Bengali
languages spoken or written	John Levett (1721 -- 1799) of Wychnor Park, Staffordshire, was an English landowner and investor, and a Tory politician.	John Levett	English
languages spoken or written	Gian Biagio Conte (born 1941, La Spezia) is an Italian classicist and professor of Latin Literature at the Scuola Normale Superiore of Pisa.	Gian Biagio Conte	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giacomo Bove (23 April 1852 -- 9 August 1887) was an Italian explorer.	Giacomo Bove	Italian
languages spoken or written	José María Pemán y Pemartín, KOGF (8 May 1897, Cadiz - 19 July 1981) was a Spanish journalist, poet, novelist, essayist, and right-wing intellectual.	José María Pemán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Barnes (22 February 1801 -- 7 October 1886) was an English writer, poet, Church of England priest, and philologist.	William Barnes	English
languages spoken or written	Florence Benoît-Rohmer (born 20 September 1952) is a French jurist, specializing in European Law and Human Rights, and currently a Professor of Public Law at the University of Strasbourg.	Florence Benoît-Rohmer	French
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Schödl (October 31, 1909 -- February 20, 1997), born in Berlin, was a brilliant militant of the Workers' Esperanto Movement in Germany as well as abroad between the 1920s and the 1930s.	Ludwig Schödl	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Fernando Arcega Aperte (Spanish pronunciation: (ferˈnando arˈθeɣa); born 1960-09-03 in Ainzón, Zaragoza, Aragón) is a retired basketball player from Spain.	Fernando Arcega	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hélène Darroze (born 23 February 1967) is a French chef.	Hélène Darroze	French
languages spoken or written	Simon Jenko (October 27, 1835 -- October 18, 1869) was a Slovene poet, lyricist and writer.	Simon Jenko	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Paolo Virzì (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpaːolo virˈdzi); born March 4, 1964) is an Italian film director, writer and producer.	Paolo Virzì	Italian
languages spoken or written	Laurence Vaux (Vose) (1519--1585) was an English canon regular.	Laurence Vaux	English
languages spoken or written	David MacIver (24 August 1840 - 1 September 1907 ) was an English steam ship owner and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1874 and 1907.	David MacIver	English
languages spoken or written	Elias Khoury (Arabic: إلياس خوري‎) (born 12 July 1948) is a Lebanese novelist, playwright, critic, and prominent public intellectual.	Elias Khoury	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Matija Antun Relković (also Reljković; 6 January 1732 -- 22 January 1798) was Habsburg military officer and Croatian writer.	Matija Antun Relković	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Rogener Pavinski (born 1981 in Ribeirão Preto, Brazil) is a Brazilian Esperantist, singer and bass guitar player in the Esperanto rock band Supernova, which has performed at Esperanto world congresses and youth events.	Rogener Pavinski	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Diamela Eltit (born 1949, Santiago de Chile) is a writer and a Spanish professor from Chile.	Diamela Eltit	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Saint Íñigo of Oña (Basque: Eneko, Latin: Enecus, Ennecus, Innicus or Ignatius, Spanish: San Enecón, San Íñigo; died 1 June 1057) was the Benedictine abbot of San Salvador at Oña.	Íñigo of Oña	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Georges Jean Marie Darrieus (24 September 1888 -- 15 July 1979) was a French aeronautical engineer in the 20th century.	Georges Jean Marie Darrieus	French
languages spoken or written	François-Henri-Joseph Blaze, known as Castil-Blaze (1 December 1784 -- 11 December 1857), was a French musicologist, music critic, composer, and music editor.	Castil-Blaze	French
languages spoken or written	Gregor Dorfmeister (born March 7, 1929 in Tailfingen, today part of Albstadt) is a German journalist and writer.	Gregor Dorfmeister	German
languages spoken or written	António Pinho Vargas (born Vila Nova de Gaia, August 15, 1951) is a Portuguese composer and pianist specialized in the performance and writing of Jazz and contemporary music.	António Pinho Vargas	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Paolo Giovio (also spelled Paulo Jovio; Latin: Paulus Jovius; April 19, 1483 -- December 11, 1552) was an Italian physician, historian, biographer, and prelate.	Paolo Giovio	Latin
languages spoken or written	Shaul Tchernichovsky (20 August 1875 -- 14 October 1943; Hebrew: שאול טשרניחובסקי‎; Russian: Саул Гутманович Черниховский), was a Russian-born Hebrew poet.	Shaul Tchernichovsky	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Alberto Magnelli (1 July 1888 -- 20 April 1971) was an Italian modern painter who was a significant figure in the post war Concrete art movement.	Alberto Magnelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean Rondeau (13 May 1946 in Le Mans, France -- 27 December 1985 in Champagné, France) was a French race car driver and constructor, who won the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1980, in a car bearing his own name, an achievement which remains unique in the history of the race.	Jean Rondeau	French
languages spoken or written	Margarete Mitscherlich-Nielsen (née Nielsen; 17 July 1917 -- 12 June 2012) was a German psychoanalyst.	Margarete Mitscherlich-Nielsen	German
languages spoken or written	Mihály Csokonai Vitéz (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmihaːj ˈt͡ʃokonai ˈviteːz); archaically English: Michael Csokonai Vitez; 17 November 1773 - 28 January 1805) was a Hungarian poet, a main person in the Hungarian literary revival of the Enlightenment.	Mihály Csokonai Vitéz	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Kashinath Singh (Hindi: काशीनाथ सिंह, born 1937) is an Indian writer and scholar of Hindi language and known for writing novels and short stories in Hindi.	Kashinath Singh	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Reuven Tsur (Hebrew: ראובן צור) (born 1932) is professor emeritus of Hebrew literature and literary theory at Tel Aviv University.	Reuven Tsur	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Włodzimierz Antkowiak (born 30 October 1946, in Grudziądz) is a Polish poet and painter.	Włodzimierz Antkowiak	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ugo Gregoretti (born 28 September 1930) is an Italian film, television and stage director, actor, screenwriter, author and television host.	Ugo Gregoretti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jila Baniyaghoob (or Zhīlā Banī Yaʻqūb, Persian: ژيلا بنى يعقوب ; born 21 August 1970) is an Iranian journalist and women's rights activist.	Jila Baniyaghoob	Persian
languages spoken or written	Michel Baud (11 November 1963 - 13 September 2012) was a French Egyptologist, head of the Nubian Sudan section in the Department of Egyptian Antiquities of the Louvre Museum.	Michel Baud	French
languages spoken or written	François Godement, born June 14, 1949, is a French historian, specialist of China and international relations in East Asia.	François Godement	French
languages spoken or written	Siegfried Matthus (born 13 April 1934, in Mallenuppen (now Russian: Задорожье Zadorozhye, Ozyorsky District, Kaliningrad Oblast), Landkreis Darkehmen, East Prussia) is a German composer and opera director living in Berlin and is one of Germany's most often performed contemporary composers.	Siegfried Matthus	German
languages spoken or written	Robert Karjel (born 25 October 1965) is a Swedish writer of literary thrillers.	Robert Karjel	Swedish
languages spoken or written	William Wavell Wakefield, 1st Baron Wakefield of Kendal (10 March 1898 -- 12 August 1983), known as Sir Wavell Wakefield between 1944 and 1963, was an English rugby union player for Harlequins and England, President of the Rugby Football Union and Conservative politician.	Wavell Wakefield, 1st Baron Wakefield of Kendal	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Lami (1697--1770) was an Italian jurist, Church historian, and antiquarian.	Giovanni Lami	Italian
languages spoken or written	Adolf Uzarski (April 14, 1885 -- July 14, 1970) was a German writer, artist, and illustrator associated with the New Objectivity movement.	Adolf Uzarski	German
languages spoken or written	Christian Lequesne (born 26 December 1962 in Vitry-le-François) is a French academic.	Christian Lequesne	French
languages spoken or written	Carlo Matteucci (June 21, 1811 - June 25, 1868) was an Italian physicist and neurophysiologist who was a pioneer in the study of bioelectricity.	Carlo Matteucci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Vahan Malezian (Armenian: Վահան Մալեզեան, 1871 in Sulina, Romania - 1966 in Nice, France ) was an Armenian writer, translator, poet, and social activist.	Vahan Malezian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Wojciech Bogusławski (9 April 1757 -- 23 July 1829) was a Polish actor, theater director and playwright of the Polish Enlightenment.	Wojciech Bogusławski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Francesco Barozzi (in Latin, Franciscus Barocius) (9 August 1537 -- 23 November 1604) was an Italian mathematician, astronomer and humanist.	Francesco Barozzi	Latin
languages spoken or written	Dino Compagni (c. 1255 -- February 26, 1324) was an Italian historical writer and political figure.	Dino Compagni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Enki Bilal (born October 7, 1951) is a French comic book creator, comics artist and film director.	Enki Bilal	French
languages spoken or written	Franco Solinas (19 January 1927 - 14 September 1982) was an Italian writer and screenwriter.	Franco Solinas	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georges Ferdinand Bigot (7 April 1860 - 10 October 1927) was a French cartoonist, illustrator and artist.	Georges Ferdinand Bigot	French
languages spoken or written	Johannes de Thurocz (Hungarian: Thuróczy János; Slovak: Ján z Turca or Ján de Turocz, German: Johannes de Thurocz, variant contemporary spelling: de Thwrocz) (c. 1435 -- 1488 or 1489), was a Hungarian historian and the author of Latin:	Johannes de Thurocz	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	France Prešeren (pronounced (fɾanˈtsɛ pɾɛˈʃeːɾən)) (2 or 3 December 1800 -- 8 February 1849) was a 19th-century Romantic Slovene poet, best known as the poet who has inspired virtually all later Slovene literature and has been generally acknowledged as the greatest Slovene classical author.	France Prešeren	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Hjalmar Frisk (4 August 1900, Gothenburg -- 1 August 1984, Gothenburg) was a Swedish linguist in Indo-European studies and rector of Göteborg University 1951--1966.	Hjalmar Frisk	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Michal Horáček is a Czech entrepreneur, lyricist, poet, writer, journalist and producer.	Michal Horáček	Czech
languages spoken or written	J. Erik Lindegren (August 5, 1910 -- May 31, 1968) was a Swedish author, poet, critical writer and member of the Swedish Academy (1961--68, chair 17).	Erik Lindegren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Ernst Hermann Riesenfeld (25 October 1877 -- 19 May 1957) was a German/Swedish chemist.	Ernst Hermann Riesenfeld	German
languages spoken or written	Aramais Sahakyan (Armenian: Արամայիս Սահակյան, May 24, 1936 -- March 14, 2013) was an Armenian poet, humorist, publicist and translator.	Aramais Sahakyan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Miguel Porlán Noguera (born 12 October 1961), known as Chendo, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back.	Chendo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie, FRS (3 June 1853 -- 28 July 1942), commonly known as Flinders Petrie, was an English Egyptologist and a pioneer of systematic methodology in archaeology and preservation of artefacts.	Flinders Petrie	English
languages spoken or written	Born in Hampstead, Ian Scott-Kilvert was educated at Harrow School, for whom he played cricket, and Caius College, Cambridge, where he gained a first in English literature.	Ian Scott-Kilvert	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Scaramelli (24 November 1687 -- 11 January 1752) was an Italian Jesuit, ethicist and ascetical writer.	Giovanni Battista Scaramelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Raymond Buckland (born 31 August 1934), whose craft name is Robat, is an English American writer on the subject of Wicca and the occult, and a significant figure in the history of Wicca, of which he is a High Priest in both the Gardnerian and Seax traditions.	Raymond Buckland	English
languages spoken or written	Louis-Luc Loiseau de Persuis (4 July 1769 -- 20 December 1819) was a French violinist, conductor, choirmaster, teacher, composer, and theatre director.	Louis-Luc Loiseau de Persuis	French
languages spoken or written	Sargis Barkhudaryan (Armenian: Սարգիս Բարխուդարյան) (August 26, 1887 -- October 25, 1973) was an Armenian composer, pianist and educator.	Sargis Barkhudaryan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Ernst Runar Schildt (October 26, 1888, Helsinki -- September 29, 1925) was a Swedish-speaking Finnish author from Helsinki.	Runar Schildt	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Hans Daniel Ludwig Friedrich Hassenpflug (February 26, 1794 -- October 15, 1862), German statesman, was born at Hanau in Hesse.	Hans Daniel Ludwig Friedrich Hassenpflug	German
languages spoken or written	Niklas Frank (born 9 March 1939) is a German author and journalist best known for an intimate and strongly accusatory book about his father, Hans Frank, the Nazi lawyer who became Governor-General of occupied Poland during World War II.	Niklas Frank	German
languages spoken or written	Jean de La Taille (c.1540 - c.1607) was a French poet and dramatist born in Bondaroy.	Jean de La Taille	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Gabriel Maurice Rocques, comte de Montgaillard (November 16, 1761 -- February 8, 1841) was a French political agent of the Revolution and First Empire era.	Jean Gabriel Maurice Rocques	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Carlos Calderón López de Arróyabe (7 July 1938 - 25 November 2012) was a Spanish singer-songwriter and musician.	Juan Carlos Calderón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mariano Rampolla del Tindaro (17 August 1843 -- 16 December 1913) was an Italian Cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church.	Mariano Rampolla	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Ortega y Gasset (Spanish pronunciation: (xoˈse orˈteɣa i ɣaˈset); 9 May 1883 -- 18 October 1955) was a Spanish liberal philosopher, and essayist.	José Ortega y Gasset	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jorge Llopis (1919--1976) was a Spanish satirist, actor and playwright best known for Los Pelópidas, a two-act satire of Greek tragedy, and for the parodic false anthology of the Spanish poetry Las mil peores poesías de la lengua castellana.	Jorge Llopis	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Cherusseri Namboothiri is a 15th-century Malayalam poet who belonged to Kolathunadu in northern Kerala.	Cherusseri Namboothiri	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Sakıp Sabancı (7 April 1933 -- 10 April 2004) was a prominent Turkish business tycoon and philanthropist.	Sakıp Sabancı	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Arthur Carl Victor Schott (27 February 1814 -- 26 July 1875), was a German-American artist, topographical engineer, cartographer, botanist and geologist	Arthur Carl Victor Schott	German
languages spoken or written	Derek Haas attended Baylor University in Waco, Texas, where he earned both his B.A. and M.A. in English Literature.	Derek Haas	English
languages spoken or written	Inger Frimansson (born November 14, 1944 in Stockholm) is a popular Swedish novelist and crime writer.	Inger Frimansson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Muhammad Afifi Matar (1935 -- 28 June 2010), in Arabic محمد عفيفي مطر, was an Egyptian poet.	Muhammad Afifi Matar	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Apringius of Beja was a sixth-century Latin Church Father who wrote a commentary on the Book of Revelation.	Apringius	Latin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kildrummy (Scottish Gaelic: Cionn Droma) is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland near the River Don, 7 miles west of Alford.	Kildrummy	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Creake is a village and civil parish in the north west of the English county of Norfolk.	North Creake	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hintham is a village west of Rosmalen in the 's-Hertogenbosch municipality of Noord-Brabant province.	Hintham	's-Hertogenbosch
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ninoy Aquino Stadium is one of two indoor sporting arenas located in the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex in Manila, Philippines, the other being the Rizal Memorial Coliseum.	Ninoy Aquino Stadium	Manila
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heryford Brothers Building (also known locally as the Elks Building) is a historic commercial building in Lakeview, Oregon, United States.	Heryford Brothers Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spook Cave is a flooded cave located about seven miles west of McGregor, Iowa in rural Clayton County, Iowa.	Spook Cave	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Overmyer-Waggoner-Roush Farm (also known as ``Creek Bend Farm'') is a historic farmstead on the southern edge of the village of Lindsey in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Overmyer-Waggoner-Roush Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gila Valley Bank and Trust Building is a former bank building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Globe, Arizona.	Gila Valley Bank and Trust Building	Globe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kindrativ (Ukrainian: Кіндратів, Polish: Kondratów) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Kindrativ	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tonto Trail is a hiking trail on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon in Grand Canyon National Park, located in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Tonto Trail	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sâncrăieni (Hungarian: Csíkszentkirály or colloquially Szentkirály, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈtʃiːksɛnkiraːj), German: Heilkönig, both meaning ``holy king'' and referring to King St Stephen of Hungary) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.	Sâncrăieni	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boraszyce Wielkie (bɔraˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Boraszyce Wielkie	Gmina Wińsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galt House is a 25-story, 1300-room hotel in Louisville, Kentucky established in 1972.	Galt House	Louisville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczka Duża (ˈlɛʂt͡ʂka ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Leszczka Duża	Gmina Perlejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cramlington is a town and civil parish in the county of Northumberland, North East England, situated 9 miles (14 kilometres) north of the city of Newcastle upon Tyne.	Cramlington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yellagonga Regional Park is in Perth, Western Australia, in the City of Wanneroo and the City of Joondalup.	Yellagonga Regional Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Sur Station is a multiagency visitor center and ranger station operated by Caltrans, the Los Padres National Forest, and California State Parks.	Big Sur Station	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeysariyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: قيصريه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qeysarīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Qaisarīyeh, Qeyşarīyeh, and Qeyşarīyeh-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qeysariyeh-ye Sofla	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The At Home Music Academy is a specialty music school located in Los Angeles, California and provides private in-home music lessons and instruction on a variety of instruments.	At Home Music Academy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hockerill Halt railway station was a station serving the Hockerill area of Bishop's Stortford in East Hertfordshire in England.	Hockerill Halt railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadówek (t͡saˈduvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Cadówek	Gmina Kobiele Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hibbard Apartment Building is an apartment building located at 8905 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, directly adjacent to The Kean.	Hibbard Apartment Building	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benhesar (Persian: بن حصار‎, also Romanized as Behnesār) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Benhesar	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fredericton International Airport (IATA: YFC, ICAO: CYFC) is an airport in Lincoln, New Brunswick, Canada, 7 nautical miles (13 km; 8.1 mi) southeast of Fredericton.	Fredericton International Airport	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skryhiczyn (skrɨˈxit͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Skryhiczyn	Gmina Dubienka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalkuan (Hindi: लालकुआँ) is a Nagar Panchayat in the Nainital district of the Indian state of Uttarakhand.	Lalkuan	Nainital district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurjeh-ye Emam Jomeh (Persian: شورجه امام جمعه‎, also Romanized as Shūrjeh-ye Emām Jom``eh) is a village in Varqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 22 families.	Shurjeh-ye Emam Jomeh	Varqeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ten Mile River Baptist Church, also known as Tusten Baptist Church, is a historic Baptist church on NY 97, at the junction with Cochecton Turnpike in Tusten, Sullivan County, New York.	Ten Mile River Baptist Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maaf Vaziri (Persian: معاف وزيري‎, also Romanized as Ma``āf Vazīrī; also known as Armanī Maḩalleh and Ma``āf) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 37 families.	Maaf Vaziri	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steamer Range is a series of spectacular rock formations branching off the Main Range National Park in Queensland, Australia.	Steamer Range	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chongzhou (Chinese: 崇州; pinyin: Chóngzhōu) is a county-level city under the jurisdiction of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, People's Republic of China, located about 37 kilometres (23 mi) west-southwest of downtown Chengdu.	Chongzhou	Chengdu
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCMR (Inspiration 97.9 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to serve the community of Mason City, Iowa, USA.	KCMR	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tancredo Neves Bridge, better known as Fraternity Bridge (Portuguese: Ponte da Fraternidade, Spanish: Puente de la Fraternidad) connects the Brazilian city of Foz do Iguaçu with the Argentine Puerto Iguazú, crossing over the Iguassu River.	Tancredo Neves Bridge	Foz do Iguaçu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knights Plaza at University of Central Florida, commonly referred to as Knights Plaza, is an athletic village and shopping center on the main campus of the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida, USA.	Knights Plaza	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacze Suche (ˈbat͡ʂɛ ˈsuxɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bacze Suche	Gmina Łomża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwegian County Road 755 (Norwegian: Fylkesvei 755) is a 91.2-kilometre (56.7 mi) county road that runs from the village of Røra in Inderøy to the village of Vanvikan in Leksvik, all in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Norwegian County Road 755	Nord-Trøndelag
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the Metekel Zone of the Benishangul-Gumuz Region, Bulen is the largest settlement in Bulen woreda.	Bulen	Metekel Zone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michigan City Municipal Airport (IATA: MGC, ICAO: KMGC, FAA LID: MGC) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Michigan City, in LaPorte County, Indiana, United States.	Michigan City Municipal Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smith Museum of Stained Glass Windows was an exhibition which opened in February 2000 at Chicago's Navy Pier entertainment complex.	Smith Museum of Stained Glass Windows	Navy Pier
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Herring House is a historic home near La Grange, Lenoir County, North Carolina.	Herring House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benambani (Persian: بنم باني‎, also Romanized as Benambānī; also known as Benahbānī) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Benambani	Dar Pahn Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reed Island State Park is a Washington state park on the Columbia River 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Washougal in Clark County.	Reed Island State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gananoque Airport, (TC LID: CNN8), is located 4.3 nautical miles (8.0 km; 4.9 mi) northwest of the town of Gananoque, Ontario, Canada, in Canada's busy Quebec City-Windsor Corridor.	Gananoque Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mtskheta-Mtianeti (Georgian: მცხეთა-მთიანეთი) is a region (Mkhare) in eastern Georgia comprising the town of Mtskheta, which serves as a regional capital, together with its district and the adjoining mountainous areas.The western part is controlled by the breakaway Republic of South Ossetia since 1992 and the independence of Georgia.	Mtskheta-Mtianeti	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maison carrée d'Arlac is a neoclassical folly building constructed between 1785 and 1789, in the town of Mérignac just outside Bordeaux, France.	Maison carrée d'Arlac	Mérignac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masudiyeh (Persian: مسعوديه‎, also Romanized as Masʿūdīyeh) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Masudiyeh	Saidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kand-e Bolaghi (Persian: كندبلاغي‎, also Romanized as Kand-e Bolāghī and Kand Bolāghī; also known as Gonbad Bolaghi, Kand Bulākhe, and Kand-e Bolāqī) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Shirin Su District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kand-e Bolaghi	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokolniki Mokre (sɔkɔlˈniki ˈmɔkrɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sokolniki Mokre	Gmina Wieniawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntington College of Health Sciences, formerly known as the American Academy of Nutrition, is a for-profit higher education institution based in Knoxville, Tennessee that offers programs in nutrition and health via distance education.	Huntington College of Health Sciences	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carleton St Peter is a civil parish in South Norfolk approximately 8 1⁄2 miles (13.7 km) south-east of Norwich.	Carleton St Peter	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamantu (Persian: كمنتو‎, also Romanized as Kamantū) is a village in Saheb Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kamantu	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Today Bad Rehburg is a village in the borough of Rehburg-Loccum in the south of the district of Nienburg/Weser in Lower Saxony.	Bad Rehburg	Rehburg-Loccum
located in the administrative territorial entity	It was located just east of present-day Fort Supply, Oklahoma, in what was then the Cherokee Outlet.	Fort Supply	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yangling District (simplified Chinese: 杨陵区; traditional Chinese: 楊陵區; pinyin: Yánglíng Qū) is a district of the city of Xianyang, Shaanxi province, People's Republic of China, located on the plains of Wei River.	Yangling District	Xianyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalostotitlán is a town and municipality located in the northeast corner of the state of Jalisco, Mexico, in a region known as Los Altos.	Jalostotitlán	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millpool is a hamlet in the parish of Cardinham in Cornwall, England.	Millpool	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Naqi (Persian: دره نقي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Naqī) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Naqi	Jelogir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Bardin (Persian: سراببردين‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Bardīn and Sarābardīn) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Bardin	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Decker House is located on New Prospect Road in the Town of Shawangunk, New York, USA, at the center of the onetime hamlet of Dwaarkill, on the banks of the creek of the same name.	William Decker House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Inner Harbor is a historic seaport, tourist attraction, and landmark of the city of Baltimore, Maryland, USA.	Inner Harbor	Baltimore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fontana Lake is a reservoir impounded by Fontana Dam on the Little Tennessee River located in Graham and Swain counties in North Carolina.	Fontana Lake	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hundred Islands National Park (Pangasinan: Kapulo-puloan or Taytay-Bakes) is a national park in the Philippines.	Hundred Islands National Park	Pangasinan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowyzeh-ye Kavireh (Persian: گويزه كوره‎, also Romanized as Gowyzeh-ye Kavīreh; also known as Gūyzeh Kavīr) is a village in Sarkal Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gowyzeh-ye Kavireh	Sarkal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gloria Church (Portuguese: Nossa Senhora de Gloria) is one of the oldest Roman Catholic churches in Mumbai built by the Portuguese Franciscans in 1632.	Gloria Church	Mumbai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derby Downs, in Akron, Ohio, has been the home track of the All American Soap Box Derby since it was built as a Works Progress Administration project in the late 1930s.	Derby Downs	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzab (Persian: برزآب‎, also Romanized as Barzāb, Barz Āb, and Borzāb; also known as Barzāo and Barzā’ū) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Barzab	Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suncoast Stadium is located on the campus of Suncoast Community High School in the City of Riviera Beach, Florida.	Suncoast Stadium	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dirmuli (Persian: ديرمولي‎, also Romanized as Dīrmūlī; also known as Deh Mūlā) is a village in Avalan Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dirmuli	Avalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paseo Arts District was built in 1929 as the first commercial shopping district north of Downtown Oklahoma City by Oklahoman G.A. Nichols.	Paseo Arts District	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall Movizi (Persian: تل مويزي‎, also Romanized as Tall Movīzī) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tall Movizi	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatcher Garden and Woodland Preserve is a 10-acre (40,000 m2) public garden located at 820 John B. White Sr. Blvd. in Spartanburg, South Carolina.	Hatcher Garden and Woodland Preserve	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honeyri-ye Yek (Persian: حنيري يك‎, also Romanized as Honeyrī-ye Yek; also known as Haneyrī and Homaireh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Honeyri-ye Yek	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quaqtaq (Inuktitut: ᖁᐊᖅᑕᖅ) is a northern village (Inuit community) in Nunavik, northern Quebec, Canada.	Quaqtaq	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yelverton Inn and Store is a group of four historical buildings in Chester, New York, United States.	Yelverton Inn and Store	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capitol Hill Arts Center, also known by its acronym CHAC (pronounced ``shack''), was a performing arts center located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.	Capitol Hill Arts Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badcaul (Scottish Gaelic: Bada Call) is a village in Highland, Scotland, on the southern shore of Little Loch Broom.	Badcaul	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elveden Centre is a three-tower office building located at 717 7th Avenue South West in Calgary, Alberta.	Elveden Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goldwell Open Air Museum is an outdoor sculpture park near the ghost town of Rhyolite in the U.S. state of Nevada.	Goldwell Open Air Museum	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railway Depot is a historic Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railway depot in Boca Grande, Florida.	Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railway	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Hills National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in South Dakota, located three miles (5 km) southeast of Sturgis in Meade County.	Black Hills National Cemetery	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kania Mała (ˈkaɲa ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kania Mała	Gmina Chociwel
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Chaire a Calvin is a rock shelter near the village of Mouthiers-sur-Boëme in the Département of Charente, situated in the vallée du Gersac.	La Chaire a Calvin	Mouthiers-sur-Boëme
located in the administrative territorial entity	Locksbottom is an area of Greater London, England and is a part of the London Borough of Bromley.	Locksbottom	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pilbara is a large, dry, thinly populated region in the north of Western Australia.	Pilbara	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument is a U.S. National Monument that includes the area around Mount St. Helens in Washington.	Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trudoxhill is a village and civil parish near Nunney in the Mendip district of Somerset, England.	Trudoxhill	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pastrook (Turkish: Alagözler) is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Pastrook	Ivaylovgrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Stewiacke Airport (TC LID: CCB2) is an abandoned airport that was located adjacent to the Stewiacke River near Middle Stewiacke, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Middle Stewiacke Airport	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaen Rural District (Persian: دهستان قائن‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qaen Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mascalucia (Sicilian: Mascalucìa) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Catania.	Mascalucia	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Lonsdale Lighthouse, also known as the Point Lonsdale Signal Station, is close to the township of Point Lonsdale in the Borough of Queenscliffe, Victoria, Australia.	Point Lonsdale Lighthouse	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlesford is a village in the metropolitan county of West Yorkshire, England, 6 miles (10 km) south-east of Leeds city centre.	Woodlesford	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maku Kandi (Persian: ماكوكندي‎, also Romanized as Mākū Kandī) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, Anzal District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Maku Kandi	Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanyue District (simplified Chinese: 南岳区; traditional Chinese: 南嶽區; pinyin: Nányuè Qū) is one of five districts of Hengyang, Hunan province, China, located in a rural area northeast of the city center.	Nanyue District	Hengyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlantic Gas Station (also known as the Valiant Auto Body Shop) is a historic site in Miami, Florida located at 668 Northwest 5th Street.	Atlantic Gas Station	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willow Creek Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Cretaceous to Early Paleocene age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin of southwestern Alberta.	Willow Creek Formation	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moravia Union Cemetery, also known as Dry Creek Cemetery, is a historic cemetery located at Moravia in Cayuga County, New York.	Moravia Union Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rańsko-Leśniczówka (ˈraɲskɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Rańsko-Leśniczówka	Gmina Pszczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Street Art Works is a privately owned art gallery and store, in Burlington, Vermont, showing 20th and 21st century painting and photography, as well 20th century posters, chromolithographs and assorted works on paper.	Pine Street Art Works	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaft Galleh Duk (Persian: كفت گله دوك‎, also Romanized as Kaft Galleh Dūk) is a village in Hati Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kaft Galleh Duk	Hati Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elzanowo (ɛlzaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Elzanowo	Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arroyo Elementary School is a school that is part of the Tustin Unified School District, California, USA.	Arroyo Elementary School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bearwardcote is a hamlet and civil parish in the South Derbyshire district of Derbyshire, England.	Bearwardcote	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahmui-ye Shomali (Persian: سهموي شمالي‎, also Romanized as Sahmūī-ye Shomālī; also known as Sahmoo Shomali, Sahmū Shemālī, and Sahmū-ye Shomālī) is a village in Chah-e Mobarak Rural District, Chah-e Mobarak District, Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Sahmui-ye Shomali	Chah-e Mobarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havnelageret (also known as Oslo Havnelager) is a commercial building located at Langkaia 1 in Oslo, Norway.	Havnelageret	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opequon Golf Club, also known as the Stonebridge Golf Club and Martinsburg Golf Club, is a historic country club clubhouse located at Martinsburg, Berkeley County, West Virginia.	Opequon Golf Club	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Most Holy Trinity Catholic Cemetery is a cemetery in East Hampton, New York that is the burial ground for the paternal ancestors and relatives of First Lady of the United States Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.	Most Holy Trinity Catholic Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jemez Mountains (pronounced Heh-mez, Tsąmpiye'ip'įn in Towa) are a volcanic group of mountains in Rio Arriba, Sandoval, and Los Alamos counties, New Mexico, United States.	Jemez Mountains	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davidstow (Cornish: Lanndhewi) is a civil parish and village in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Davidstow	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denver World Trade Center is a chapter of the World Trade Center Association located in Denver, Colorado.	Denver World Trade Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haystack Mountain Tower in Norfolk, Connecticut is a stone tower on Haystack Mountain designed by Erick Kennsett Rossiter and Rossiter & Muller.	Haystack Mountain Tower	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phoenix Trotting Park, a horse racing track, was originally built in 1964 in Goodyear, Arizona.	Phoenix Trotting Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Włosań (ˈvwɔsaɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilany, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Włosań	Gmina Mogilany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jodegalabad (Persian: جدگال اباد‎, also Romanized as Jodegālābād) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jodegalabad	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yangquan (simplified Chinese: 阳泉; traditional Chinese: 陽泉; pinyin: Yángquán) is a prefecture-level city in the east of Shanxi province, People's Republic of China.	Yangquan	Shanxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lammas School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form located in Leyton area of the London Borough of Waltham Forest, England.	The Lammas School	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruddington once had a station on the former Great Central Railway (later part of the LNER), the last main line to be built from the north of England to London, opened on 15 March 1899.	Ruddington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band Borji (Persian: بندبرجي‎, also Romanized as Band Borjī) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Band Borji	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darsunabad (Persian: درسون اباد‎, also Romanized as Darsūnābād and Dūrsūnābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Darsunabad	Kahrizak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poirier's Diner is a historic restaurant at 1380 Westminster Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Poirier's Diner	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kursauli, also spelled Kursoli or Kursaoli, is a large village in Uttar Pradesh on the Lower Ganges Canal.	Kursauli	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flying C Airport (FAA LID: T87) is a public airport located five miles (8 km) southwest of the central business district (CBD) of Sanger, in Denton County, Texas, USA.	Flying C Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forest Dale Historic District is located in the southeastern part of Salt Lake City, Utah and is roughly bounded by 700 East, Interstate 80, Commonwealth Avenue, and 900 East.	Forest Dale Historic District	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roccafiorita (Sicilian: Roccaciurita) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) east of Palermo and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southwest of Messina.	Roccafiorita	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuacahn Center for the Arts is a non-profit 501(c)(3) arts center located in the mouth of the Padre Canyon, adjacent to Snow Canyon State Park, in Ivins, Utah.	Tuacahn	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nikuyeh (Persian: نيكويه‎, also Romanized as Nīkūyeh; also known as Naki, and Nekū’yā, and Nikuya) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Nikuyeh	Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łosice County (Polish: powiat łosicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Łosice County	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łankowice (wankɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Łankowice	Gmina Kcynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Normal Park is the name of a former football field in Chicago, Illinois.	Normal Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braunshausen is a village and a civil parish (Ortsteil) of the German town of Hallenberg, located in the Hochsauerlandkreis district in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Braunshausen	Hallenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWDD (94.3 FM, ``Wild 94.3'') is a commercial radio station in Fairbanks, Alaska.	KWDD	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Sharu (Persian: چم شرو‎, also Romanized as Cham Sharū; also known as Cham Shahrū) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cham Sharu	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	SS. Cyril and Methodius in Lemont (Polish: Kościół Świętego Cyryla i Metodego) - historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago, located in Lemont, Illinois.	SS. Cyril and Methodius in Lemont	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Gap Historic Village is a large museum of fifteen outdoor structures and West Texas artifacts that reach back to the late 19th century and the early 20th century located in the small town of Buffalo Gap south of Abilene, Texas.	Buffalo Gap Historic Village	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marhemetabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان مرحمت آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marhemetabad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Bystrzycka (ˈvɔla bɨsˈtʂɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Bystrzycka	Gmina Wojcieszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victoria Avenue Bridge is a single-arch road bridge across the River Cam in Cambridge, England.	Victoria Avenue Bridge	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baker's Wood is a hamlet 2 miles west of Denham off the A40 in Buckinghamshire, England.	Baker's Wood	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petah Tikva (, , ``Opening of Hope''; ) known as Em HaMoshavot (``Mother of the Moshavot''), is a city in the Central District of Israel, east of Tel Aviv.	Petah Tikva	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith Memorial Arch is an American Civil War monument at South Concourse and Lansdowne Drive in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Smith Memorial Arch	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gach Gerd (Persian: گچ گرد‎) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gach Gerd	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFTE (105.1 FM, ``Planet Radio'') is a commercial radio station in Abbeville, Louisiana, broadcasting to the Lafayette, Louisiana, area.	KFTE	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJWT (91.7 FM) is a radio station airing a Christian format licensed to serve Gardner, Massachusetts.	WJWT	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexander Johnston Hall is a building on the campus of Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey located on the corner of Somerset Street and College Avenue in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	Alexander Johnston Hall	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massachusetts Street (or Mass Street) is a main thoroughfare through the central business district of downtown Lawrence, Kansas.	Massachusetts Street	Lawrence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chehregan Rural District (Persian: دهستان چهرگان‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Tasuj District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chehregan Rural District	Tasuj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stilwell High School is a high school (grades 9-12) in Stilwell, Oklahoma, United States.	Stilwell High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation (Ojibwe language: Mikinaakwajiwing) is an Indian Reservation located primarily in northern North Dakota, United States.	Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gatareh (Persian: گتاره‎, also Romanized as Gatāreh; also known as Shahrak-e S̱ārāllah) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Gatareh	Dasht-e Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sisson Dam is a hydroelectric dam built in the Canadian province of New Brunswick and is operated by NB Power corporation.	Sisson Dam	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	F.J. Torras Causeway is a causeway located in Glynn County, Georgia, USA that connects the city of Brunswick, Georgia to St. Simons Island, Georgia.	F.J. Torras Causeway	Glynn County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabłonna-Kolonia (jaˈbwɔnna kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jabłonna-Kolonia	Gmina Jabłonna Lacka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter Community Charter School, formerly Carpenter Avenue Elementary School, is a public K-5 elementary school in Los Angeles, California.	Carpenter Community Charter School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merseh (Persian: مرسه‎; also known as Merseh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Merseh	Siahkalrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohrang (Persian: سهرنگ‎; also known as 'Sāreng and Sorāng) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sohrang	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Munday is one of the principal summits of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Munday	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryłów (ˈbrɨwuf) (German: Breile) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bryłów	Gmina Wiązów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayagoz or Ayakoz (Kazakh: Аягөз, formerly Russian: Сергиополь, Sergiopol) is a city of regional significance in Kazakhstan, the administrative centre of Ayagoz district of East Kazakhstan Region.	Ayagoz	East Kazakhstan Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordabad-e Olya (Persian: كردابادعليا‎‎, also Romanized as Kordābād-e ``Olyā) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 9 families.	Kordabad-e Olya	Yusefvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Lake is a body of water located in Renfrew County Ontario, located on the Bonnechere River approximately 25 km southwest of Pembroke, Ontario.	Golden Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	WANI (1400 AM, ``News Talk WANI'') is a news/talk radio station in Auburn, Alabama.	WANI	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metpally is a town in Karimnagar district of the Indian state of Telangana.	Metpally	Karimnagar district	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The district of Teyateyaneng, Berea District, is the only district in Lesotho which is not named after its camptown.	Teyateyaneng	Berea District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longmanhill is a settlement in the Aberdeenshire parish of Gamrie; it is located along the A98 road connecting Fraserburgh to Macduff.	Longmanhill	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnotul (t͡ʂarˈnɔtul) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czarnotul	Gmina Mogilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żeleźno (ʐɛˈlɛʑnɔ) (formerly German Silesen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żeleźno	Gmina Białogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dahlonega Gold Museum Historic Site is a Georgia state historic site located in Dahlonega that commemorates America's first gold rush and the mining history of Lumpkin County.	Dahlonega Gold Museum Historic Site	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musiri is a Panchayat town in the Tiruchirappalli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Musiri	Tiruchirappalli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riske Creek, originally Chilcoten and also Chilcotin, is a ranching and First Nations community located on the Fraser River just southwest of the city of Williams Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Riske Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Husky Union Building (The HUB) is a building at the University of Washington.	Husky Union Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashangi (Persian: ماشنگي‎, also Romanized as Māshangī and Māshengī) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mashangi	Mosaferabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Kazemabad (Persian: مزرعه كاظم اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kāẓemābād) is a village in Garmdarreh Rural District, in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Kazemabad	Garmdarreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torrey Pines High School is a high school in the North County Coastal area of San Diego, California.	Torrey Pines High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Townhouse is a building in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland, which is operated by South Lanarkshire Council.	Hamilton Townhouse	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Urnerboden is a village in the high valley of Urner Boden, and also an alp and a small high Alpine permanent settlement in the Swiss canton of Uri.	Urnerboden	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mar del Tuyú is a resort town and administrative seat of La Costa Partido, on the Argentine Atlantic Coast, with access to Provincial Route 11.	Mar del Tuyú	La Costa Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badlot is a village and Union Council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Badlot	Jhelum District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saadatabad-e Golshan (Persian: سعادت ابادگلشن‎, also Romanized as Sa``ādatābād-e Golshan; also known as Sa``ādatābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 594, in 120 families.	Saadatabad-e Golshan	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meridian Woods Park is a neighborhood located on the south side of Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	Meridian Woods Park	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Międzychód County (Polish: powiat międzychodzki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Międzychód County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunn Memorial Bridge, officially known as the Private Parker F. Dunn Memorial Bridge, carries US 9 and US 20 across the Hudson River between Albany, New York and Rensselaer, New York.	Dunn Memorial Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perkinsville, Arizona, is an unincorporated community in Yavapai County, in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Perkinsville, Arizona	Yavapai County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ala Moana Hotel is a hotel located at 410 Atkinson Drive in Honolulu, Hawaii.	Ala Moana Hotel	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woonsocket City Hall, (also known as the Harris Institute) is located at 169 Main Street in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.	Woonsocket City Hall	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Józefinka (juzɛˈfʲiŋka) (German: Josefinental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Józefinka	Gmina Barcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quartz Hill High School is a public, co-educational high school located in Quartz Hill, California.	Quartz Hill High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Journal Square is a business district, residential area, and transportation hub in Jersey City, New Jersey, which takes its name from the newspaper Jersey Journal whose headquarters were located there.	Journal Square	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moensberg railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Uccle in Brussels, Belgium.	Moensberg railway station	Uccle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biabeh (Persian: بي آبه‎, also Romanized as Bīābeh; also known as Bīābehzir) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Biabeh	Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Outlet Collection Seattle, formerly SuperMall of the Great Northwest, is an outlet mall in Auburn, Washington.	The Outlet Collection Seattle	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilichiki (Russian: Тили́чики) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Olyutorsky District of Koryak Okrug of Kamchatka Krai, Russia.	Tilichiki	Olyutorsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crystal Beach Hill is a geologically old natural sand dune, fifty feet high and originally about two thousand feet long, parallel to the shoreline of Crystal Beach on the south-eastern shore of Lake Erie, in the Village of Crystal Beach and the Town of Fort Erie, Ontario.	Crystal Beach Hill	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fo Pang (Chinese: 火棚) is an area located in a valley of Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Fo Pang	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Hull is a public university, founded in 1927, located in Kingston upon Hull, a city in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	University of Hull	Kingston upon Hull
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karwik (ˈkarvik) (German: Karwik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karwik	Gmina Pisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vladslo is a village in the Belgian province of West Flanders and a part (``deelgemeente'') of the municipality of Diksmuide.	Vladslo	Diksmuide
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hancock's Resolution is a historic two-storey gambrel-roofed stone farm house with shed-roofed dormers and interior end chimneys located on a 15-acre (6.1 ha) farm at 2795 Bayside Beach Road in Pasadena, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.	Hancock's Resolution	Anne Arundel County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States federal government complex located at 200 N.W. 5th Street in Downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.	Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koźniewo Wielkie (kɔʑˈɲɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Koźniewo Wielkie	Gmina Sońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaku Sar (Persian: چكوسر‎, also Romanized as Chakū Sar, Chekūsar, Chokūsar, and Chukuser) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chaku Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Turner Diagonal (map) is a short freeway in Kansas City, Kansas.	Turner Diagonal	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Shahid Bahonar (Persian: شهرك شهيدباهنر‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Bāhonar; also known as Shahīd Bāhonar) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Shahid Bahonar	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hope Block and Cheapside are two historic commercial buildings located at 22-26 and 40 North Main Street in the College Hill neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island.	Hope Block and Cheapside	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashanbeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كاشنبه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kāshanbeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kashanbeh-ye Sofla	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooklyn Green Historic District is a historic district on Route 169, Route 205, U.S. Route 6, Wolf Den, Brown, Prince Hill, and Hyde Roads in the town of Brooklyn, Connecticut.	Brooklyn Green Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Semporna is a district as well as town located in Tawau Division, in the east coast of Sabah, Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Semporna	Tawau Division
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łopianów (wɔˈpjanuf) (German: Loppnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łopianów	Gmina Gryfice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bagatti Valsecchi Museum is a historic house museum in the Montenapoleone district of downtown Milan, northern Italy.	Bagatti Valsecchi Museum	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banam Rud (Persian: بنمرود‎, also Romanized as Banam Rūd) is a village in Zohan Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Banam Rud	Zohan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blackstone Boulevard Realty Plat Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Blackstone Blvd., Rochambeau Ave., Holly St. and Elmgrove Ave. in Providence, Rhode Island.	Blackstone Boulevard Realty Plat Historic District	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plainland is a town situated in the Lockyer Valley of South East Queensland, Australia.	Plainland	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band-e Naqin (Persian: بندنقين‎, also Romanized as Band-e Naqīn; also known as Band-e Naqī and Vand Naqī) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Band-e Naqin	Shahsavan Kandi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santander Arena (formerly known as the Sovereign Center) is a 7,160-seat multi-purpose arena, in Reading, Pennsylvania.	Santander Arena	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballindooley, officially Ballindooly (Irish: Baile an Dúlaigh), is a village in County Galway, Ireland.	Ballindooley	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonnington House is a 19th-century country house near Wilkieston, around 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) west of the city of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Bonnington House	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudnik Wielki (ˈrudnik ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienica Polska, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rudnik Wielki	Gmina Kamienica Polska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Abdollah (Persian: چشمه عبداله‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh ʿAbdollah) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Abdollah	Tombi Golgir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fichte-Bunker is a nineteenth-century gasometer in the Kreuzberg district of Berlin, Germany that was made into an air-raid shelter in World War II and subsequently was used as a shelter for the homeless and for refugees, in particular for those fleeing East Berlin for the West.	Fichte-Bunker	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mierzączka Duża (mjɛˈʐɔnt͡ʂka ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mierzączka Duża	Gmina Dłutów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brynmenyn is a small village located at the confluence of the Garw and Ogmore rivers in south Wales, around 4 miles north of Bridgend, and it also in the Bridgend County Borough council area.	Brynmenyn	Wales	Bridgend County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rough and Ready Cemetery is one of the older cemeteries in Drew County, Arkansas.	Rough and Ready Cemetery	Drew County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bowlus Mill House is a historic home and farm complex, located at Spoolsville, Frederick County, Maryland, United States.	Bowlus Mill House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tidenham (/ˈtɪdənəm/) is a village and civil parish in the Forest of Dean of west Gloucestershire, England, adjoining the Welsh border.	Tidenham	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maliheh-ye Sharqi (Persian: مليحه شرقي‎, also Romanized as Malīḩeh-ye Sharqī; also known as Malīḩeh-ye Yek) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Maliheh-ye Sharqi	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palmer Mansion, constructed 1882--1885 at 1350 N. Lake Shore Drive, was once the largest private residence in Chicago, Illinois, located in the Near North Side neighborhood and facing Lake Michigan.	Palmer Mansion	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pagan Creek Dike is a historic causeway located at Lewes, Sussex County, Delaware.	Pagan Creek Dike	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHTN-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, at 100.3 FM with a classic hits format branded as Ocean 100.	CHTN-FM	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Caroline was one of the first French colonies in the present-day United States, located on the banks of the St. Johns River in what is now Jacksonville, Florida.	Fort Caroline	Jacksonville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar-e Jahangir (Persian: كنارجهانگير‎, also Romanized as Konār-e Jahāngīr and Konār Jahāngīr; also known as Dashtī) is a village in Murmuri Rural District, Kalat District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Konar-e Jahangir	Murmuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountain Dell Dam provides a water equalizing and storage reservoir for Salt Lake City, Utah located 10 miles (16 km) east of the city in northeastern Salt Lake County, near Interstate 80 in Parley's Canyon.	Mountain Dell Dam	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ardenne Abbey massacre occurred during the Battle of Normandy at the Ardenne Abbey, a Premonstratensian monastery in Saint-Germain-la-Blanche-Herbe, near Caen, France.	Ardenne Abbey massacre	Saint-Germain-la-Blanche-Herbe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arviat Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CRV8), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) north northwest of Arviat, Nunavut, Canada, and is operated by Joe Savikataaq.	Arviat Water Aerodrome	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Chicago City Museum, originally the Turner Town Hall, is a museum in West Chicago, Illinois.	West Chicago City Museum	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Selwyn District Council currently has a service office in Leeston, after the headquarters was shifted to Rolleston.	Leeston	Selwyn District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Rainier High School is a secondary school in Des Moines, Washington, United States; named for Mount Rainier which can be seen quite well from the school on a clear day, Mount Rainier serves approximately 1600 students and has been active since 1957.	Mount Rainier High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bader Field (IATA: AIY, ICAO: KAIY, FAA LID: AIY), also known as Atlantic City Municipal Airport, was a city-owned public-use general aviation airport located in Atlantic City, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Bader Field	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divaneh Khvoy (Persian: ديوان خوي‎, also Romanized as Dīvāneh Khvoy) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Divaneh Khvoy	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Zard-e Asmari (Persian: بيدزرداسماري‎, also Romanized as Bīd Zard-e Āsmārī) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bid Zard-e Asmari	Rud Zard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lastivka (Ukrainian: Ластівка, Polish: Łastówek or Łastówki) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Lastivka	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Qalangi (Persian: تنگ قلنگي‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Qalangī) is a village in Dasht-e Barm Rural District, Kuhmareh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Qalangi	Dasht-e Barm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barsola Kalan is a village located in Nighasan Tahsil of Lakhimpur Kheri district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Barsola Kalan	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Campbell Hills are a low range of hills in southern Butte County, California.	Campbell Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allegheny Market House was located in the Allegheny Center neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and was built in 1863.	Allegheny Market House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nézel is the commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Nézel	Yvelines
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaoling District (simplified Chinese: 高陵区; traditional Chinese: 高陵區; pinyin: Gāolíng Qū) is under the administration of Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi province, China.	Gaoling District	Xi'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imbros or İmroz, officially changed to Gökçeada since 29 July 1970, (older name in Turkish: İmroz; Greek: Ίμβρος Imvros), is the largest island of Turkey and the seat of Gökçeada District of Çanakkale Province.	Imbros	Gökçeada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qavaq Amular (Persian: قواق عمولر‎, also Romanized as Qavāq ``Amūlar) is a village in Qaflankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 20 families.	Qavaq Amular	Qaflankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hava Dul (Persian: هوادول‎, also Romanized as Havā Dūl) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Hava Dul	Majin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asbury Park Convention Hall is a 3,600-seat indoor exhibition center located on the boardwalk and on the beach in Asbury Park, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Asbury Park Convention Hall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farrington Gurney is an English village and civil parish situated in Bath and North East Somerset unitary authority.	Farrington Gurney	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dommoc, a place not certainly identified but probably within the modern county of Suffolk, was the original seat of the Anglo-Saxon bishops of the Kingdom of East Anglia.	Dommoc	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Khvor (Persian: سياه خور‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Khvor, Seyāh Khowr, and Siah Khwār; also known as Sīāh Khor, Sīāh Khūz, and Suvār Khār) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Siah Khvor	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luboszewy (lubɔˈʂɛvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Luboszewy	Gmina Lubochnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lucille Lortel Theatre is an off-Broadway playhouse located at 121 Christopher Street in Manhattan's West Village.	Lucille Lortel Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wigrańce-Leśniczówka (viˈɡraɲt͡sɛ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Wigrańce-Leśniczówka	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zgornje Škofije (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ʃkɔˈfiːjɛ); Italian: Scodalizzi) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zgornje Škofije	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avery Building was the headquarters of the New South Wales Police Force, Australia from the 1970s until 2004, when a new headquarters building was opened at Parramatta in conjunction with police executive offices located in Elizabeth Street, Sydney.	Avery Building	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeyarat-e Bala (Persian: زيارت بالا‎, also Romanized as Zeyārat-e Bālā; also known as Zeyārat) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Zeyarat-e Bala	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lantau Peak or Fung Wong Shan (Chinese: 鳳凰山, literally ``Phoenix Mountain'') is the second highest peak in Hong Kong and the highest point on Lantau Island, with a height of 934 metres (3,064 ft) above sea level.	Lantau Peak	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romartów (rɔˈmartuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Romartów	Gmina Witonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vinja Vas (pronounced (ˈʋiːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Vinja vas) is a settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Vinja Vas	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legg's cross is an Anglo-Saxon cross in County Durham, England, about 4 miles north of Piercebridge on the Pilgrims' Way (the modern B6275 and the old Roman road of Dere Street).	Legg's cross	County Durham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sequoyah Fuels Corporation owned and operated a uranium processing plant near Gore, Oklahoma.	Sequoyah Fuels Corporation	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schöntal is a town and municipality in the district of Hohenlohe in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Schöntal	Hohenlohe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sullivan Correctional Facility is a New York State correctional facility located in Fallsburg, New York.	Sullivan Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Desert Winds High School is an intervention/retention high school in Casa Grande, Arizona.	Desert Winds High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheat Manor is a manor house in Chillerton, on the Isle of Wight, England.	Sheat Manor	Isle of Wight
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazgar (Persian: مزگر‎‎, also Romanized as Māzgar; also known as Malger, Mesgar, and Misgar) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mazgar	Misheh Pareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgehead (also known as Chesterhill) is a village in Midlothian, Scotland.	Edgehead	Midlothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shepherd Field Air National Guard Base is the home base of the West Virginia Air National Guard 167th Airlift Wing located at the Eastern West Virginia Regional Airport, 4 miles south of Martinsburg, West Virginia.	Shepherd Field Air National Guard Base	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Northern Tower designed by Assael Architecture is a 72 metres (236 ft) sloped highrise apartment building located on Watson Street in Manchester city centre, England.	Great Northern Tower	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieradła (pjɛˈradwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Pieradła	Gmina Mniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tambroso is the name of a Portuguese mountain located in the civil parish of Ribeirinha, in the municipality of Horta, on Faial Island of the Azores.	Tambroso	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brouwershofje is a hofje on the Tuchthuisstraat in Haarlem, Netherlands.	Brouwershofje	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindesnes (English: the Naze) is a municipality in the county of Vest-Agder, Norway.	Lindesnes	Vest-Agder
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXDG is a mainstream rock radio station licensed to Webb City, Missouri, owned by Zimmer Radio Group.	KXDG	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tackaberry Airport (FAA LID: 07D) is a privately owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) west of the central business district of Avoca, a community in Kenockee Township, St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.	Tackaberry Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siebenhengste-Hohgant-Höhle is a cave located in Switzerland, in the Canton of Bern north of Lake Thun, between the villages of Eriz and Habkern.	Siebenhengste-Hohgant-Höhle	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bylino (bɨˈlinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bylino	Gmina Staroźreby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vince Genna Stadium is a baseball park in the northwest United States, located in Bend, Oregon.	Vince Genna Stadium	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tadeuszowo (tadɛuˈʂɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tadeuszowo	Gmina Środa Wielkopolska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wahal is a small village in Panvel, in the Raigad district of Maharashtra, India.	Wahal	Raigad district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castolon, also known as La Harmonia Ranch and Campo Santa Helena, was a small community in southwestern Texas, located in what is now Big Bend National Park along the Rio Grande.	Castolon	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qingchuan County (Chinese: 青川县; Pinyin: Qīngchuān Xiàn) is a county in Sichuan, China, under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city Guangyuan.	Qingchuan County	Guangyuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petite Martinique is one of the islands of Carriacou and Petite Martinique, which is a dependency of Grenada.	Petite Martinique	Grenada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalabeh-ye Sofla (Persian: چالابه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chālābeh-ye Soflá; also known as Chālāb-e Soflá and Godār) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chalabeh-ye Sofla	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelenia Góra County (Polish: powiat jeleniogórski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Jelenia Góra County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barmal District (Pashto: برمل ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی برمل‎) is a district of Paktika Province, Afghanistan, near the border with North Waziristan, one of Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas.	Barmal District	Paktika
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramesht (Persian: رمشت‎; also known as Ramīsht) is a village in Amirabad Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Ramesht	Amirabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sosa Dam (German: Talsperre Sosa) is a dam in the Free State of Saxony in East Germany.	Sosa Dam	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakhenat Rural District (Persian: دهستان شاخنات‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shakhenat Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davay-e Lat (Persian: دعواي لات‎, also Romanized as Daʿvāy-e Lāt) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Davay-e Lat	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho San Juan Cajón de Santa Ana was a 35,971-acre (145.57 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day Orange County, California grant given in 1837 by Governor Juan Alvarado to Juan Pacífico Ontiveros.	Rancho San Juan Cajón de Santa Ana	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuamgraney (or Tomgraney; Irish: Tuaim Gréine, meaning ``Tomb of Gráinne'') is a village in eastern County Clare in the west of Ireland and a civil parish by the same name.	Tuamgraney	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Missillac (Merzhelieg in Breton) is a commune located in the department of Loire-Atlantique in western France.	Missillac	Loire-Atlantique
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swiss Literary Archives (SLA - Schweizerische Literaturarchiv) in Bern collects literary estates in all four national languages of Switzerland (German, French, Italian and Romansh language).	Swiss Literary Archives	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Choctaw meridian is a meridian that governs the surveys in most of central Mississippi, USA.	Choctaw meridian	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tjaynera Falls is a waterfall on the Sandy Creek that is located within the Litchfield National Park in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Tjaynera Falls	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyt-e Zobeyd (Persian: خيط زبيد‎, also Romanized as Kheyţ-e Zobeyd; also known as Boneh-ye Ţāher) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kheyt-e Zobeyd	Chah Salem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Covenant Fellowship Church is a 1500+ member non-denominational ``reformed charismatic'' church in Glen Mills, Pennsylvania.	Covenant Fellowship Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patrick Henry College (PHC) is a private, independent college with an Evangelical Christian basis that focuses on teaching classical liberal arts and government, located in Purcellville, Virginia, United States.	Patrick Henry College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Embarcadero Center is an class-A office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco, California.	One Embarcadero Center	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pietro and Maria Botto House, also known as Pietro Botto House, at 83 Norwood Street, Haledon in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, is where leaders of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) union spoke to the 15,000 striking workers of the Paterson Silk Strike of 1913.	Pietro and Maria Botto House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Niechmirów (kɔˈlɔɲa ɲexˈmiruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Niechmirów	Gmina Burzenin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dixon Mills are a residential complex in Jersey City, New Jersey that uses the buildings of the former location of the Joseph Dixon Crucible Company, which was in use between 1847 and 1895.	Dixon Mills	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatay Province (, ) is a province in southern Turkey, on the Mediterranean coast.	Hatay Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maine Township High School District 207 is a school district based in Illinois.	Maine Township High School District 207	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heron County Park is a park in Newell Township in Vermilion County, Illinois.	Heron County Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Phillip Prison is a maximum security prison located at Truganina, Victoria, Australia.	Port Phillip Prison	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centennial Station (also known as Olympia--Lacey) is a train station located immediately south of Lacey, Washington, United States that also serves the capital city of Olympia.	Centennial Station	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sajówka (saˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Sajówka	Gmina Sławatycze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernal Subbasin is an aquifer located in the southwestern corner of Livermore Valley Groundwater Basin, Alameda County, California, USA.	Bernal Subbasin	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westwood United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Westwood United Methodist Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stroud Glacier is west of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Stroud Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meiderich is a quarter of the city of Duisburg.	Meiderich	Duisburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Goutelle is part of the canton of Pontgibaud, and like Pontgibaud relied on mining as its major source of income until the early 20th Century.	La Goutelle	canton of Pontgibaud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varanasi district (Hindi: वाराणसी ज़िला, Urdu: وارانسی ضلع‎) is a district in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh with Varanasi city as the district headquarters.	Varanasi district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. Birney Crum Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	J. Birney Crum Stadium	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kransberg Castle is situated on a steep rock near Kransberg (incorporated into Usingen in 1971), a village with about 800 inhabitants in the Taunus mountains in the German state of Hesse.	Kransberg Castle	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahr-e Jadid-e Hashtgerd (Persian: شهرجديدهشتگرد‎, meaning ``Hashtgerd New Town'', also Romanized as Shahr-e Jadīd-e Hashtgerd) is a city in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Jadid-e Hashtgerd	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catalonia (Catalan: Catalunya, Occitan: Catalonha, Spanish: Cataluña) is an autonomous community of Spain politically designated as a nationality.	Catalonia	Spain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darrud (Persian: درود‎, also Romanized as Darrūd and Dar Rūd) is a city in Zeberkhan District, in Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darrud	Zeberkhan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Regal Theatre is a theatre located in the suburb of Subiaco in Perth, Western Australia.	Regal Theatre	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The US 83 Bridge at the Salt Fork of the Red River, bringing US 83 across the Salt Fork Red River near Wellington, Texas, was a truss bridge built in 1939.	US 83 Bridge at the Salt Fork of the Red River	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Serias (Persian: شهرك سرياس‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Serīās) is a village in Mansur-e Aqai Rural District, Shahu District, Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Serias	Mansur-e Aqai Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bashiran (Persian: بشيران‎, also Romanized as Bashīrān) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bashiran	Zirkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobuk Valley Wilderness is a wilderness area in Alaska, United States.	Kobuk Valley Wilderness	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRRC (107.7 FM) is a college radio station in Lawrenceville, New Jersey, serving the students of Rider University.	WRRC	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wszołów (ˈfʂɔwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wszołów	Gmina Gołuchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobropole Pyrzyckie (dɔbrɔˈpɔlɛ pɨˈʐɨt͡skʲɛ) (German: Dobberphul) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dobropole Pyrzyckie	Gmina Dolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trąbinek (trɔmˈbinɛk) (German: Seeberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trąbinek	Gmina Dolsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novo Santo Antônio (Portuguese for ``New Saint Anthony'') is a Brazilian municipality of the state of Piauí.	Novo Santo Antônio	Piauí
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weiwangzhuang (Chinese: 徽王庄镇) is a town in Ling County, Dezhou, in northwestern Shandong province, China.	Weiwangzhuang	Ling County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pioneer Academy is an independent college-preparatory school for fifth through twelfth grades, located in Wayne, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Pioneer Academy	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Toledo Bend State Park is one of two Louisiana State Parks located on the shores of Toledo Bend Reservoir.	South Toledo Bend State Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ute Dam (National ID # NM00293) is a dam at Logan, New Mexico in Quay County, about 20 miles (32 km) west of the Texas state line.	Ute Dam	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tileh Kuh (Persian: تيله كوه‎, also Romanized as Tīleh Kūh; also known as Nīleh Kūh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tileh Kuh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Brooms is a north eastern suburb of Royal Tunbridge Wells in Kent, England.	High Brooms	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gilbrae Inn is a historic residential building at 403 River Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.	Gilbrae Inn	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gola Górowska (ˈɡɔla ɡuˈrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gola Górowska	Gmina Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	125 Old Broad Street, formerly called the Stock Exchange Tower and still generally referred to by that name, is a high-rise office building in London, located on Old Broad Street in the City of London financial district.	Stock Exchange Tower	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reduchów (rɛˈduxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Reduchów	Gmina Szadek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Eira Town Hall, known originally as Caulfield Town Hall, is located in Caulfield, Victoria, Australia.	Glen Eira Town Hall	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRYT is a radio station broadcasting out of Edwardsville, Illinois with a Catholic format.	WRYT	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartwerd (West Frisian: Hartwert) is a small village, nears Bolsward, in the municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân in the Province of Friesland in the Netherlands.	Hartwerd	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boguszków (bɔˈɡuʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Boguszków	Gmina Magnuszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen (Dutch pronunciation: (myˈzeːjʏm bɔjmɑns vɑn bøːnɪŋən)) is an art museum in Rotterdam in the Netherlands.	Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	108 Mile Ranch is a residential community of 700 homes situated in the South Cariboo region of British Columbia located in a historic area of ranches and lakes.	108 Mile Ranch	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muri District is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the administrative capital of Muri.	Muri District	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuiding (Chinese: 水定镇; pinyin: Shuǐdìng Zhèn), formerly Suiding (Chinese: 绥定; pinyin: Suídìng) is a town in the Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China and the county seat of Huocheng County.	Shuiding	Huocheng County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steinway Street is a major street in the borough of Queens in New York City, New York, in the United States.	Steinway Street	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAZU (90.3 FM) is an NPR-member radio station, licensed in Pacific Grove, California, United States.	KAZU	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pavilhão Acácias Rubras is an Angolan indoor sporting arena located in Benguela.	Pavilhão Acácias Rubras	Benguela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pietrzykowo-Gołąbki (pjɛtʂɨˈkɔvɔ ɡɔˈwɔmpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pietrzykowo-Gołąbki	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Fidarreh (Persian: بالافيدره‎, also Romanized as Bālā Fīdarreh; also known as Bālā Fedreh and Bālā Fūdarreh) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Fidarreh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podłatki Małe (pɔdˈwatki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podłatki Małe	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartz Mountains National Park is located in the south of Tasmania, Australia.	Hartz Mountains National Park	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shengzhou (Chinese: 嵊州; pinyin: Shèngzhōu), formerly Shengxian or Sheng County, is a county-level city in central Zhejiang, south of the Hangzhou Bay, and is the south-eastern part of the prefecture-level city of Shaoxing.	Shengzhou	Shaoxing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajari (Persian: بجاري‎, also Romanized as Bajārī) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bajari	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Qashoq (Persian: حسن آباد قاشق‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Qāshoq; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Qashoq	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esmond Methodist Episcopal Church and Township Hall is a historic church at the junction of Center Street and Elm Street in Esmond, South Dakota.	Esmond Methodist Episcopal Church and Township Hall	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kensington Metropark is a unit of the Huron-Clinton Metroparks system located between Milford and South Lyon, Michigan, USA.	Kensington Metropark	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area codes 204 and 431 are the North American telephone area codes for the Canadian province of Manitoba, encompassing the province.	Area codes 204 and 431	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Saints' Church, St Andrews, is in North Castle Street, St Andrews, Fife, Scotland (grid reference NO512168).	All Saints' Church, St Andrews	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mielnów (ˈmjɛlnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasiczyn, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Mielnów	Gmina Krasiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perkins Opera House (also known as the Monticello Opera House) is a historic theatre in Monticello, Florida.	Perkins Opera House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mołożów-Kolonia (mɔˈwɔʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Mołożów-Kolonia	Gmina Mircze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crisfield Municipal Airport (FAA LID: W41) is a public airport located 3 miles (4.8 km) from Crisfield in Somerset County, Maryland, United States.	Crisfield Municipal Airport	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glloboçeni (Macedonian: Глобочени) is a village on Lake Prespa in the Pustec Municipality of the Korçë County in Albania.	Glloboçeni	Pustec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wroninko (vrɔˈniŋkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wroninko	Gmina Płońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort McClellan, originally Camp McClellan, was a United States Army post located adjacent to the city of Anniston, Alabama established as Camp Shipp in 1898.	Fort McClellan	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veliki Podljuben (pronounced (ˈʋeːliki pɔˈdluːbən)) is a settlement in the hills south of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Veliki Podljuben	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Gorman High School (also commonly referred to as Gorman High School or BGHS) is a Catholic, private, preparatory school located in Enterprise, Nevada.	Bishop Gorman High School	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vratimov (German: Rattimau, Polish: Racimów) is a town in Ostrava-City District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Vratimov	Ostrava-City District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głusko Duże-Kolonia (ˈɡwuskɔ ˈduʐɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Głusko Duże-Kolonia	Gmina Karczmiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąbiewo (vɔmˈbjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wąbiewo	Gmina Kamieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Empire State College, one of the 13 arts and science colleges of the State University of New York, is a multi-site institution offering associate, bachelor's, and master's degrees.	Empire State College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whippany Burying Yard, in the Whippany section of Hanover Township, Morris County, New Jersey, United States, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11, 2009.	Whippany Burying Yard	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinwiddie County Court House is a historic courthouse building located at the junction of U.S. 1 and VA 619 in Dinwiddie, Dinwiddie County, Virginia.	Dinwiddie County Court House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Magna Farms (4.5 ha / 11 acres) is a historic country estate located at the end of Ingersoll Street, Danvers, Massachusetts.	Glen Magna Farms	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalk River (2006 pop.: 800) is a Canadian rural village part of the Laurentian Hills municipality in Renfrew County, Ontario.	Chalk River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakwood-Chimborazo Historic District is a national historic district of 434 acres (176 ha) located in Richmond, Virginia.	Oakwood-Chimborazo Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młada Hora (ˈmwada ˈxɔra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujsoły, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Młada Hora	Gmina Ujsoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerash County (Persian: شهرستان گراش‎‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Gerash County	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clécy is a French Commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Clécy	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Saleh (Persian: نهرصالح‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Şāleḩ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Saleh	Jaffal Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malekan County (Persian: شهرستان ملکان‎) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Malekan County	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania (37 ha / 92 acres) is the official arboretum of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.	Morris Arboretum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sloat's Dam and Mill Pond is located between Waldron Terrace and Ballard Avenue in Sloatsburg, New York, United States.	Sloat's Dam and Mill Pond	Sloatsburg, New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goddard College is an accredited private liberal arts college located in Plainfield, Vermont, Port Townsend and Seattle, Washington, offering undergraduate and graduate degree programs.	Goddard College	Plainfield, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	WZLK (107.5 FM, ``Z Rock 107.5'') is a radio station licensed to serve Virgie, Kentucky, serving the Pikeville, Kentucky area.	WZLK	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loppa (Northern Sami: Láhpi and Kven: Lappean) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Loppa	Finnmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kębliny (kɛmˈblinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kębliny	Gmina Zgierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	BR-308 is a Brazilian federal highway that connects the cities of Belém in the state of Pará, and the locality of Atracadouro do Cojupe in the municipality of Alcântara in Maranhão.	BR-308	Pará	Maranhão
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaverlodge Airport, (TC LID: CEU2) is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) south of Beaverlodge, Alberta, Canada.	Beaverlodge Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krishnaganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (SC) is part of No. 13 Ranaghat (Lok Sabha constituency) (SC).	Krishnaganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Ranaghat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Zirki (Persian: حسين ابادزيركي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Zīrkī; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseynābād-e Nakhlī) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Zirki	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ram Run (Persian: رمرون‎, also Romanized as Ram Rūn; also known as Rameh Ran and Rameh Rūn) is a village in Barez Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Ram Run	Barez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Dakota Highway 249 (SD 249) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Dakota that extends from SD 47 to SD 34 in Buffalo County.	South Dakota Highway 249	Buffalo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	J Glacier is located in Bridger-Teton National Forest, in the US state of Wyoming on the west of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range.	J Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trępel (ˈtrɛmpɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Trępel	Gmina Pruszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Češnjice pri Moravčah (pronounced (ˈtʃeːʃnjitsɛ pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax); German: Kerschdorf) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Češnjice pri Moravčah	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyfed (Welsh pronunciation: (ˈdəvɛd)) is a preserved county of Wales.	Dyfed	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bob Sikes Airport (IATA: CEW, ICAO: KCEW, FAA LID: CEW), named for Robert L. F. Sikes, is a public-use airport located 3 miles (4.8 km) northeast of the central business district of the city of Crestview in Okaloosa County, Florida, United States.	Bob Sikes Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasileh Yek (Persian: وسيله يك‎, also Romanized as Vasīleh Yek) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Vasileh Yek	Karkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hotel Kämp is a historical hotel in Helsinki, Finland.	Hotel Kämp	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aznaq (Persian: ازنق‎) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Aznaq	Chendar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tyringham Shaker Settlement Historic District was a historic Shaker village on Jerusalem Road in Tyringham, Massachusetts.	Tyringham Shaker Settlement Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Berlière Castle (French: Château de la Berlière) is a castle in Houtaing in Ath, province of Hainaut, Belgium.	La Berlière Castle	Houtaing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangammagudi is a village located in SR Puram Mandalam of Chittoor district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Gangammagudi	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castillo de San Andrés or Torre de San Andrés (Castle of San Andrés or Tower of San Andrés) is located in the village of San Andrés (Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain).	Castillo de San Andrés	San Andrés (Santa Cruz de Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marquette Plaza is a highrise in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota located at 250 Marquette Avenue.	Marquette Plaza	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonyab (Persian: بنياب‎, also Romanized as Bonyāb and Buniāb; also known as Bonīābād and Buniah) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bonyab	Darmian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaronowice (jarɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jaronowice	Gmina Nagłowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beryl Prairie is a locality in the Peace River Country of British Columbia, Canada, located just northwest of the town of Hudson's Hope, between Portage and Brenot Creeks.	Beryl Prairie	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xixiangtang District (simplified Chinese: 西乡塘区; traditional Chinese: 西鄉塘區; pinyin: Xīxiāngtáng Qū; Standard Zhuang: Sihsienghdangz Gih) is one of six districts of Nanning, the capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China.	Xixiangtang District	Nanning
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansingerland is the name for the new municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Lansingerland	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Megginch Castle is a 15th-century castle in Perth and Kinross, in central Scotland.	Megginch Castle	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somme American Cemetery and Memorial in France is situated ½ mile southwest of the commune of Bony, Aisne in northern France.	Somme American Cemetery and Memorial	Bony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudzele is a village and subdivision in the municipality of Bruges, Belgium.	Dudzele	Bruges
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knobeloch-Seibert Farm is a historic farm located on the east side of Schneider Road east of Belleville, Illinois.	Knobeloch-Seibert Farm	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okanagan Falls (also known as OK Falls) is a community located on the south end of Skaha Lake in British Columbia.	Okanagan Falls	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sawyer International Airport (IATA: MQT, ICAO: KSAW, FAA LID: SAW) is a county-owned, public-use airport in Marquette County, Michigan, United States.	Sawyer International Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obudu is a Local Government Area in Cross River State, Nigeria, a hotspot in Nigeria's tourism.	Obudu	Cross River State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowr Mahalleh (Persian: جورمحله‎, also Romanized as Jowr Maḩalleh) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jowr Mahalleh	Siahkalrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht-e Geru (Persian: پشت گرو‎, also Romanized as Posht-e Gerū) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Posht-e Geru	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkam (Persian: الكام‎, also Romanized as Ālkām; also known as Ālkām-e Lotowm) is a village in Dinachal Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Alkam	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	McGhee Tyson Airport (IATA: TYS, ICAO: KTYS, FAA LID: TYS) is a public and military airport 12 miles south of Knoxville, in Alcoa, Blount County, Tennessee, United States.	McGhee Tyson Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Zahrav (Persian: سيدزهراو‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Z̧ahrāv; also known as Seyyed Z̧ahrāb) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Zahrav	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiusa di San Michele (Piemontese: Ciusa San Michel, Arpitan: Kiusa, French: L'Écluse) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of Turin.	Chiusa di San Michele	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Standen House is an English country house located 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Newport, Isle of Wight.	Standen House	Isle of Wight
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brookside Shopping District is located in the Brookside neighborhood of Kansas City, Missouri at 63rd Street & Brookside Boulevard.	Brookside Shopping District	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gartcosh (Scottish Gaelic: Gart Cois) is a village in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Gartcosh	North Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beldaur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: बेलदौर विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is an assembly constituency in Khagaria district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Beldaur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Khagaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clymer Meadow Preserve is a Nature Conservancy preserve located in the Blackland Prairie region of north Texas.	Clymer Meadow Preserve	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles B. Anderson House, now the location of the Pasco Arts Center, is a historic house in Elfers, Florida, United States.	Charles B. Anderson House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandipalem is a small village on the banks of Manneru river in Nellore District in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Gandipalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehr Saleh (Persian: مهرصالح‎, also Romanized as Mehr Şāleḥ; also known as Mirṣāleḥ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mehr Saleh	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edison Sault Power Canal supplies the Saint Marys Falls Hydropower Plant, a Cloverland Electric Cooperative hydroelectric plant, in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.	Edison Sault Power Canal	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirza Panak (Persian: ميرزاپانك‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā Pānak, Mīrzā Pāng, and Mīrzā Pānag) is a village in Yanqaq Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Mirza Panak	Yanqaq Rural District	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Poso Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the lower foothills of the Sierra Nevada in Kern County, California, United States.	Mount Poso Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carrollton City School District is a public school district in Carroll County, Georgia, USA, based in and serving Carrollton.	Carrollton City School District	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurbishte (Bulgarian: Гърбище) is a mountain village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Gurbishte	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casa Alvarez is a wood-frame, French Colonial-style house in Florissant, Missouri listed on the National Register of Historic Places as among the oldest houses in St. Louis County.	Casa Alvarez	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKBJ-FM (103.7 FM), known as ``Mix 103.7'', is a radio station based in Bemidji, Minnesota, that airs a Top 40 (CHR) format.	KKBJ-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Bliss Homestead is a historic colonial farmhouse at 76 Homestead Avenue in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.	Daniel Bliss Homestead	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Holland (Dutch: Noord-Holland (ˈnoːrt ˈɦɔlɑnt), West Frisian: Noard-Holland) is a province in the northwest of the Netherlands.	North Holland	Netherlands
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Belridge Oil Field is a large oil field in northwestern Kern County, San Joaquin Valley, California, about forty miles west of Bakersfield.	South Belridge Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fleetwood Town Centre or Fleetwood is a town centre of Surrey, British Columbia, Canada.	Fleetwood Town Centre	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austdalsvatnet is a lake in the northwestern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Austdalsvatnet	Luster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Its remains constitute a tell located in the Upper Khabur region, near the modern village of Tell Brak, 50 kilometers north-east of Al-Hasaka city, Al-Hasakah Governorate.	Tell Brak	Al-Hasakah Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmidar (Persian: چشميدر‎, also Romanized as Cheshmīdar, Chashmīdar, and Chashmīdor; also known as Chashmeh Dar) is a village in Paygelan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cheshmidar	Paygelan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Ganji (Persian: قشلاق گنجي‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ganjī) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Ganji	Tarand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deris Rural District (Persian: دهستان دريس‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deris Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warrandyte State Park is a state park, located in Warrandyte, east of Melbourne, Victoria on the banks of the Yarra River and surroundings.	Warrandyte State Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giovanni di Gerace (Greek-Calabrian dialect: Ièrax) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	San Giovanni di Gerace	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palaw Township (Burmese: ပုလောမြို့နယ်) is a township of Myeik District in the Taninthayi Region of Burma (Myanmar).	Palaw Township	Myeik District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romney Street is a hamlet in the West Kingsdown civil parish, in the Sevenoaks District, in the English county of Kent.	Romney Street	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzozowa Wólka (bʐɔˈzɔva ˈvulka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowa Wólka	Gmina Grajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kwobrup-Badgebup Important Bird Area comprises two separate reserves about 5 km apart, with a combined area of 602 ha, lying close to the two small towns of Kwobrup and Badgebup in the southern wheatbelt region of Western Australia.	Kwobrup-Badgebup Important Bird Area	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilot Butte Airport, (TC LID: CPB5), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) southwest of Pilot Butte, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Pilot Butte Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatfield Island is a bar on the Guyandotte River at its confluence with Island Creek in Logan, West Virginia.	Hatfield Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-e Behzadi (Persian: دهنوبهزادي‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Behzādī; also known as Deh-e Now and Dehnow) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Behzadi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starężyn (staˈrɛ̃ʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Starężyn	Gmina Damasławek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qermezi Bagh (Persian: قرمزي باغ‎, also Romanized as Qermezī Bāgh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qermezi Bagh	Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulloniacis is usually identified with Roman remains found at Brockley Hill near Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet.	Sulloniacis	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Regional Hospital (MRH) is a hospital in the town of Blacksburg, in Montgomery County, Virginia.	Montgomery Regional Hospital	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Prospect is an inner urban local government area (LGA) in Adelaide, South Australia.	City of Prospect	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzymsze (ˈtʂɨmʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trzymsze	Gmina Przykona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edwardsburg High School is a public high school with approximately 820 students in grades 9-12 in Edwardsburg, Cass County, Michigan USA.	Edwardsburg High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de l'Ancien Évêché (Museum of the Former Bishopric) is a departmental museum located in Grenoble, France and dedicated to the Isere heritage through the history of its Bishop's palace.	Musée de l'Ancien Évêché	Grenoble
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walton-on-Trent is a parish and village in the National Forest that is just within South Derbyshire.	Walton-on-Trent	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Polish Map of Scotland is a large (50 m x 40 m) three-dimensional, outdoor concrete scale model of Scotland, located in the grounds of the Barony Castle Hotel, outside the village of Eddleston near Peebles in the Scottish Borders.	Great Polish Map of Scotland	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarrin Kamar (Persian: زرين كمر‎, also Romanized as Zarrīn Kamar; also known as Zard Kamar) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zarrin Kamar	Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalileh (Persian: جليله‎, also Romanized as Jalīleh; also known as Jalile) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Jalileh	Gol-e Cheydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Gallery of Canada (French: Musée des beaux-arts du Canada), located in the capital city of Ottawa, Ontario, is one of Canada's premier art galleries.	National Gallery of Canada	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXZI-LP (101.9 FM, ``Montana Radio Cafe'') is a radio station licensed to serve Kalispell, Montana.	KXZI-LP	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Cummings (1863--1873), (1880--1884 ), (1886) a former U. S. Army post located near Cooke's Springs, in Luna County, New Mexico.	Fort Cummings	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foro Italico, formerly Foro Mussolini, is a sports complex in Rome, Italy.	Foro Italico	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castlemaine Diggings National Heritage Park is near the town of Castlemaine, Victoria, Australia.	Castlemaine Diggings National Heritage Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buinsky District (Russian: Буинский райо́н; Tatar: Буа районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Buinsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Wing Inn in Sonoma, California, was one of the first hotels built in the state north of San Francisco.	Blue Wing Inn	Sonoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalaf Beygluy-e Sofla (Persian: خلف بيگلوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khalaf Beyglūy-e Soflá; also known as Halāk Beyglū, Khalaf Beyglū, and Khalaf Beyglū-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khalaf Beygluy-e Sofla	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheppad is a scenic village in Karthikapally Taluk of Alleppy District in Kerala State, India.	Cheppad	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pey Deh (Persian: پيده‎, also Romanized as Paideh) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pey Deh	Zanus Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George M. Low Center for Industrial Innovation, otherwise known as the Low Center or CII, is a major industry-funded research center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York.	George M. Low Center for Industrial Innovation	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadoxton (or in full Cadoxton-juxta-Neath) (Welsh: Llangatwg), is a village situated in Neath Port Talbot county borough, Wales.	Cadoxton-juxta-Neath	Neath Port Talbot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nashoba Valley Ski Area is a small ski area in Westford, Massachusetts.	Nashoba Valley Ski Area	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Didube Pantheon (Georgian: დიდუბის მწერალთა და საზოგადო მოღვაწეთა პანთეონი) is a cemetery in Tbilisi, Georgia, where some of the most prominent writers, artists, scholars, scientists and political activists of Georgia are buried.	Didube Pantheon	Tbilisi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prior to 2011, what is now the district of Yamoussoukro was part of Lacs Region and was coterminous with the Yamoussoukro Department.	Yamoussoukro	Lacs Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Granville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the center of West Granville, Massachusetts.	West Granville Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunter Region, also commonly known as the Hunter Valley, is a region of New South Wales, Australia, extending from approximately 120 km (75 mi) to 310 km (193 mi) north of Sydney.	Hunter Region	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoveyleh (Persian: حويله‎, also Romanized as Ḩavīleh) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoveyleh	Chah Salem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herzberg (Elster) is a town in the Elbe-Elster district of the German federal state of Brandenburg.	Herzberg (Elster)	Elbe-Elster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midyat (Kurdish: Midyad‎, Syriac: ܡܕܝܕ Mëḏyaḏ or Miḏyôyo in the local Turoyo dialect, Arabic: مديات‎) is a town in Mardin Province of Turkey.	Midyat	Mardin Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rattlesnake Hills is a 16-mile (26 km) long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Benton County in the U.S. state of Washington.	Rattlesnake Hills	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Stephens was a local government area in the inner southern suburbs of Brisbane, Queensland.	Shire of Stephens	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunkwa Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the northern Thompson Plateau between the towns of Logan Lake (S) and Savona (N).	Tunkwa Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tower at 1301 Gervais is a high-rise building in Columbia, South Carolina, and the tallest building in the city not located along the Main Street corridor.	Tower at 1301 Gervais	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Georgian National Astrophysical Observatory (GENAO) currently renamed again as Abastumani Astrophysical Observatory was founded in 1932 by Academician Eugene Kharadze on Mount Kanobili, near resort Abastumani (in Samtskhe-Javakheti, southeastern part of Georgia).	Georgian National Astrophysical Observatory	Abastumani
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dule Temple (Chinese: 独乐寺; pinyin: Dúlè Sì; literally: ``Temple of Solitary Joy'') is a Buddhist temple located in the town of Jixian, in Ji County, under the administration of the city of Tianjin, China.	Dule Temple	Ji County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Vazan (Persian: سياه وزان‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Vazān; also known as Sāvehzān, Sāwezān, Sevezan, Sīāh Būzān, Sīāvazān, and Sīāvazān) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Vazan	Central District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: تكيه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Takyeh-ye Soflá and Tekeyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District, Chaharduli District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Takyeh-ye Sofla	Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfama (Portuguese pronunciation: (aɫˈfɐmɐ)) is the oldest district of Lisbon, spreading on the slope between the São Jorge Castle and the Tejo river.	Alfama	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bigelow Street Historic District encompasses a uniform collection of 19th century houses on most of the length of Bigelow Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts, just northwest of Central Square.	Bigelow Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monluè is a district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 4 administrative division, located east of the city centre.	Monluè	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zillierbach Dam (German: Zillierbachtalsperre) lies in the East Harz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt near the town of Elbingerode (Harz) and impounds the Zillierbach stream.	Zillierbach Dam	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarclet is a remote clifftop crofting township, situated on the east coast of Caithness, lying slightly north of Loch Sarclet in the Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Sarclet	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jariyan al Batnah (Arabic: جريان الباطنة‎) is a former municipality of Qatar.	Jariyan al Batnah	Qatar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grudów (ˈɡruduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grudów	Gmina Brwinów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvorshaneh (Persian: خورشانه‎, also Romanized as Khvorshāneh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvorshaneh	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabo Rojo National Wildlife Refuge is located on the southwestern side of Puerto Rico in the municipio of Cabo Rojo.	Cabo Rojo National Wildlife Refuge	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altstadt Spandau is the historic centre (the old city) of the borough (Bezirk) of Spandau in the western suburbs of Berlin, the capital city of Germany.	Altstadt Spandau	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tepenec Castle (German: Burg Twingenberg, aka Karlsburg) is a former castle in the vicinity of Jívová in Moravia, Czech Republic.	Tepenec Castle	Jívová
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRKD (105.7 FM) was an American radio station licensed to serve Dermott, Arkansas, USA.	KRKD	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamalabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان كمال آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Kamalabad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Director Park (officially Simon and Helen Director Park) is a city park in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Director Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulkan (Persian: دولكان‎, also Romanized as Dūlkān, Doolkan, and Dūlakān; also known as Benaze) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dulkan	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Holland is a village in Essex, located to the north-east of Holland-on-Sea, and west of Frinton-on-sea.	Great Holland	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stagden Cross is a hamlet located to the east of the village of High Easter, in the Uttlesford district, in the county of Essex, England.	Stagden Cross	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Kuchmy (ˈstarɛ ˈkuxmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Stare Kuchmy	Gmina Michałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philpstoun is a small village in West Lothian, Scotland, situated roughly 2 miles (3.2 km) east of the historic county town of Linlithgow.	Philpstoun	West Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spjærøy Church is a century-old Protestant church belonging to the Church of Norway located in Dypedal, Hvaler--a group of islands in Østfold county, Norway situated between Vesterøy and Asmaløy.	Spjærøy Church	Hvaler
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kistówko (kisˈtufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kistówko	Gmina Sulęczyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vojakkala (officially Lower Vojakkala, Swedish: Nedre Vojakkala) is a smaller locality with about 62 inhabitants in Haparanda Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden, known for a long-standing feud between neighbors.	Vojakkala	Norrbotten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komratowo (kɔmraˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Komratowo	Gmina Gąsawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muliaage is located at the historic centre of Malé in close proximity of the Medhu Ziyaarai, the Friday Mosque, and the Munnaru (Grand Minaret of Malé).	Muliaage	Malé
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drigg is a village situated in the civil parish of Drigg and Carleton on the West Cumbria coast of the Irish Sea and on the boundary of the Lake District National Park in the Borough of Copeland in the county of Cumbria, England.	Drigg	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schauinslandbahn is a gondola lift in the Black Forest area of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Schauinslandbahn	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Briavels (pronounced Brevels) is a medium-sized village and civil parish in the Royal Forest of Dean in west Gloucestershire, England; close to the England-Wales border, and 5 miles (8 km) south of Coleford.	St Briavels	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Laleh (Persian: تپه لله‎) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Laleh	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brogowa (brɔˈɡɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brogowa	Gmina Rusinów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łąki Zwiastowe (ˈwɔnki zvjasˈtɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Łąki Zwiastowe	Gmina Boniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seaman's Hut is an alpine hut and memorial located in New South Wales, Australia.	Seaman's Hut	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keim Homestead is a historic farm on Boyer Road in Pike Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Keim Homestead	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bociany (bɔˈt͡ɕanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bociany	Gmina Strzelce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capitol Reflecting Pool is a reflecting pool in Washington, D.C., USA.	Capitol Reflecting Pool	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Offenham is a large rural village and civil parish in the Wychavon district of Worcestershire, England, located about three miles east of Evesham, in the Vale of Evesham.	Offenham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dorotheenstadt cemetery, officially the ``Cemetery of the Dorotheenstadt and Friedrichswerder Parishes'', is a landmarked Protestant burial ground located in the Berlin district of Mitte which dates to the late 18th century.	Dorotheenstadt cemetery	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Allegheny Senior High School is a public high school located in the West Allegheny School District in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, USA.	West Allegheny Senior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Point Park Civic Center was a proposed civic center for downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States, where the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers forms the Ohio River.	Point Park Civic Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haftkel (Persian: هفتکل‎‎); also known as Haftkel Persian: هفتکل‎‎ pronunciation ) is a city in and the capital of Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Haftkel	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Libertowska (ˈvɔla libɛrˈtɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnowiec, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Libertowska	Gmina Żarnowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Oak is a protected ancient white oak tree in Princeton, New Jersey, USA that overlooks the Princeton Battlefield State Park.	Washington Oak	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sajdy (ˈsai̯dɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sajdy	Gmina Ciepielów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merrium Apartments, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, was a historic building located in Downtown Sacramento, California.	Merrium Apartments	Sacramento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Argagnon (Arganhon in Occitan) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Argagnon	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Po Leung Kuk Camões Tan Siu Lin Primary School is a primary school in Hong Kong, previously known as Portuguese Community Schools, Inc.,(Escola Camoes).	Po Leung Kuk Camões Tan Siu Lin Primary School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swiss Steam Laundry Building, also known as the Swiss Building, is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Swiss Steam Laundry Building	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blanc-Mesnil is a village and former commune in the Seine-Maritime department, northwestern France.	Blanc-Mesnil	Seine-Maritime
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magoffin County Pioneer Village and Museum is museum in downtown Salyersville, Kentucky that exhibits a collection of reconstructed log buildings from, mostly, the eastern region of Kentucky.	Magoffin County Pioneer Village and Museum	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midwest National Air Center (ICAO: KGPH, FAA LID: GPH) is a public-use airport in Clay County, Missouri, United States.	Midwest National Air Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	There are two New York City Subway stations along Flushing Avenue.	Flushing Avenue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nicolai Fechin House in Taos, New Mexico, is the historic home of the Russian artist Nicolai Fechin, his wife Alexandra and daughter Eya.	Nicolai Fechin House	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is a parish of the St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Chicago.	St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isunigu (also called Seneca, Esseneca, and Sinica) was a Cherokee town on the Keowee River, near present-day Clemson, South Carolina and Seneca, South Carolina.	Isunigu	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vellayani is on the banks of Vellayani Lake, the only fresh water lake in Thiruvananthapuram district.	Vellayani	Thiruvananthapuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petlad is a Town and a municipality ``Taluka'' in Anand district in the Gujarat state of India.	Petlad	Anand district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Levarchal (Persian: لورچال‎, also Romanized as Levarchāl) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Levarchal	Birun Bashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borås (Swedish pronunciation: (bʊˈroːs)) is a city (officially, a locality) and the seat of Borås Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Borås	Västra Götaland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District (Persian: دهستان حومه دهگلان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agudas Achim Synagogue, formally known as Congregation Agudas Achim, is located on Rock Avenue in Livingston Manor, New York, United States.	Agudas Achim Synagogue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szumanie-Pejory (ʂuˈmaɲɛ pɛˈjɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szumanie-Pejory	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jan Mayen is a volcanic island in the Arctic Ocean and a part of the Kingdom of Norway.	Jan Mayen	Norway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Wellesley Islands, located South of the Wellesley Islands in the Gulf of Carpentaria, Queensland, are :	South Wellesley Islands	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greymouth (/ˈɡreɪmaʊθ/; Māori: Māwhera) is the largest town in the West Coast region in the South Island of New Zealand, and the seat of the Grey District Council.	Greymouth	Grey District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvareh Mir (Persian: خواره مير‎, also Romanized as Khvāreh Mīr; also known as Khvār Amīr) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khvareh Mir	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kattupalli is a separate campus in Ervadi dargah, Ramanathapuram district where the graves of Thousands of Martyrs who came along with Badhusha Sultan Syed Ibraaheem Shaheed is found.	Kattupalli	Ramanathapuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conway Summit (el. 8,143 feet (2,482 m)) is a mountain pass in Mono County, California.	Conway Summit	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devils Well is a sinkhole cave near Akers in the U.S. state of Missouri, containing an underground lake that is the largest in the state.	Devils Well	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrahimabad-e Hajji (Persian: ابراهيم ابادحاجي‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Ḩājjī; also known as Ebrāhīmābād, Qodratābād, and Qudratābād) is a village in Azadegan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ebrahimabad-e Hajji	Azadegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freuchie is a village in Fife, Scotland, at the foot of the Lomond Hills, and near Falkland.	Freuchie	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rice School (Spanish: La Escuela Rice) is a K-8 school (the school serves grades kindergarten through 8) in Houston, Texas.	The Rice School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keshar-e Sofla (Persian: كشارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Keshār-e Soflá; also known as Keshār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sulqan Rural District, Kan District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Keshar-e Sofla	Sulqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minsi Trail Bridge is a bridge in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, United States, which crosses the Lehigh River.	Minsi Trail Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podkowa Leśna (pɔtˈkɔva ˈlɛɕna) (literal meaning - ``Horseshoe Grove'', in full: Miasto-ogród Podkowa Leśna - ``Garden-City Podkowa Leśna'') is a town in Grodzisk Mazowiecki County (Masovian Voivodeship) of Poland and located on the Łowicko--	Podkowa Leśna	Grodzisk Mazowiecki County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Bonnet-Tronçais is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne in central France, within the borders of the national Forest of Tronçais.	Saint-Bonnet-Tronçais	Allier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avaz Ali Najafqoli (Persian: عوضعلي نجفقلي‎, also Romanized as ʿAvaz̤ ʿAlī Najafqolī) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Avaz Ali Najafqoli	Tombi Golgir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Paprockie Holendry (ˈstarɛ paˈprɔt͡skʲɛ xɔˈlɛndrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stare Paprockie Holendry	Gmina Krzymów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norwegian Museum of Science and Technology or Norwegian Museum of Science, Technology, Industry and Medicine (Norwegian: Norsk Teknisk Museum) is a science museum located in Oslo, Norway.	Norwegian Museum of Science and Technology	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korgalzhyn District (Kazakh: Қорғалжын ауданы) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan.	Korgalzhyn District	Akmola Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buganeh Razbashi (Persian: بوگنه رازباشي‎, also Romanized as Būganeh Rāzbāshī; also known as Rāzbāshī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Buganeh Razbashi	Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wat Nawamintararachutis is a working Thai Theravada Buddhist temple or ``wat'' in Raynham, Massachusetts, which is about a half hour south of Boston, Massachusetts, USA.	Wat Nawamintararachutis	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hassi Gara (Arabic: حاسي قارة‎) is a town and commune in El Ménia District, Ghardaïa Province, Algeria.	Hassi Gara	El Ménia District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruhagen is the administrative center of Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Bruhagen	Averøy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiahuayuan District (simplified Chinese: 下花园区; traditional Chinese: 下花園區; pinyin: Xiàhuāyuán Qū) is a district of Zhangjiakou, Hebei, China.	Xiahuayuan District	Zhangjiakou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Historic Central Islip Recreation Center Building, located on 555 Clayton Street in Central Islip, New York, was constructed in the late 19th century as part of the Central Islip State Hospital First Colony.	Central Islip Recreation Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside County Regional Park and Open-Space District (``RivCoParks''; and commonly, Riverside County Parks) is a special district operating in Riverside County, California.	Riverside County Parks	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Căianu Mic (Hungarian: Kiskaján) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania.	Căianu Mic	Bistriţa-Năsăud County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qulanlu (Persian: قولانلو‎, also Romanized as Qūlānlū) is a village in Ghazi Rural District, Samalqan District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qulanlu	Ghazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle House, Dedham, Essex was the home of Sir Alfred Munnings from 1919 till his death in 1959.	Castle House, Dedham	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobivtsi (Ukrainian: Бобівці; Romanian: Bobești) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Bobivtsi	Storozhynets Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sint Janskerk in Gouda, the Netherlands, is a large Gothic church, known especially for its stained glass windows, for which it has been placed on the UNESCO list of Dutch monuments.	Sint Janskerk	Gouda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piania, also known as Pianian or Piyaniyan, is a small village in Bhojpur district, Bihar in India.	Piania	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rochfortbridge (Irish: Droichead Chaisleán Loiste, meaning ``Castle Lost Bridge'') is a village in County Westmeath, Ireland.	Rochfortbridge	County Westmeath
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gore Highway is a highway in Queensland running between Toowoomba and Goondiwindi.	Gore Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyszków County (Polish: powiat wyszkowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Wyszków County	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ``fighting paper of the National Socialist movement of Greater Germany'' (Kampfblatt der nationalsozialistischen Bewegung Großdeutschlands) had its origin in the Münchener Beobachter (``Munich Observer''), an anti-Semitic weekly paper which in 1918 was acquired by the Thule Society and in August 1919 was renamed Völkischer Beobachter.	Völkischer Beobachter	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kejin (Persian: كجين‎, also Romanized as Kejīn and Kajīn) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kejin	Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makiivka (Ukrainian: Макіївка Ukrainian pronunciation: (mɑˈkijiu̯kɑ), translit. Makiyivka; Russian: Макеевка, translit. Makeyevka; former names: Dmytriivsk, Dmytriyevskyi) is an industrial city located in eastern Ukraine within the Donetsk Oblast (province), 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) from the capital Donetsk.	Makiivka	Donetsk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shishar (Persian: شيشار‎, also Romanized as Shīshār) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shishar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burning Bush Colony was a short-lived Methodist intentional community in Smith and Cherokee counties in Texas, U.S., south of Bullard.	Burning Bush Colony	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumberland Street railway station, Glasgow, Scotland, was developed by the Glasgow and South Western Railway in 1900, as a replacement for Main Street station, Gorbals, following the doubling of the track from Port Eglinton to St Enoch station.	Cumberland Street railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasztowa Wola-Kolonia (paʂˈtɔva ˈvɔla kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pasztowa Wola-Kolonia	Gmina Rzeczniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarrant Keyneston is a village and civil parish in the English county of Dorset, situated in the Tarrant Valley 5 miles (8.0 km) southeast of Blandford Forum in the North Dorset administrative district.	Tarrant Keyneston	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asoli (असोली in Devnagari) is a small village in Taluka Vengurla and district Sindhudurg of Maharashtra, India.	Asoli	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqrab (Arabic: عقرب‎, also spelled Akrab) is a Town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located southwest of Hama.	Aqrab	Hama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bosher Dam is a historic but unnatural feature in the James River just west of Richmond, Virginia.	Bosher Dam	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakat-e Olya (Persian: ركعت عليا‎, also Romanized as Rak``at-e ``Olyā) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 21 families.	Rakat-e Olya	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sam Waller Museum is a museum dedicated to preserving the history and artifacts of this region of northern Manitoba.	Sam Waller Museum	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suli Mahalleh (Persian: صولي محله‎, also Romanized as Şūlī Maḩalleh and Sūlī Maḩalleh; also known as Sūlī Maḩalleh-ye Ḩavīq) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Suli Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred National Park is a national park located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Alfred National Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achindrean (Gaelic: Achadh an Dreaghainn) is a village in Ross-shire in Highland region and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland.	Achindrean	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś-Zamek (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈzamɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Wieś-Zamek	Gmina Zbąszyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Modarres (Persian: شهرك مدرس‎) is a village in Qaleh Hashem Rural District, Shal District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Modarres	Qaleh Hashem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chesterfield County Mathematics and Science High School at Clover Hill is a magnet school in Midlothian, Virginia.	Mathematics and Science High School at Clover Hill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Dębice (kɔˈlɔɲa dɛmˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kolonia Dębice	Gmina Włocławek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Torpaq (Persian: قره ترپاق‎, also Romanized as Qarah Torpāq, Qarah Tūprāq, Qarā Toprāq, Qarāturbāq, Qareh Toprāq, and Qareh Towprāq) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qarah Torpaq	Akhtarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aljafería Palace (Spanish: Palacio de la Aljafería; Arabic: قصر الجعفرية‎, tr. Qasr al-Jaʿfariya) is a fortified medieval Islamic palace built during the second half of the 11th century in the Moorish taifa of Zaragoza of Al-Andalus, present day Zaragoza, Spain.	Aljafería	Zaragoza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenango Valley State Park is a 1,075-acre (4.35 km2) state park located in Broome County, New York in the United States.	Chenango Valley State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verkian (Persian: وركيان‎, also Romanized as Verkīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Verkian	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J.A. Sweeton Residence was built in 1950 in Cherry Hill, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	J.A. Sweeton Residence	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The historic Chickasaw Nation Capitols are located in Tishomingo, Oklahoma.	Chickasaw Nation Capitols	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pembina Gorge State Recreation Area is a unit of the North Dakota state park system located along the Pembina River that provides a 12-mile (19 km) looped trail for riding ATVs, dirt bikes, and other forms of off-road vehicles.	Pembina Gorge State Recreation Area	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benzingerode has been a village incorporated into the borough of Wernigerode since 1 April 1993.	Benzingerode	Wernigerode
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKOA (105.3 FM), known as ``K 105'', is a radio station licensed to the city of Lafayette, Indiana.	WKOA	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	A Place to Sit is a public artwork by American artist Kathryn E. Martin, located along the Art Look of the Hank Aaron State Trail, situated on the south side of the Menomonee River, in the city of Milwaukee, Milwaukee County, Wisconsin.	A Place to Sit	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlottenhof Palace or Charlottenhof Manor (German: Schloss Charlottenhof) is a former royal palace located southwest of Sanssouci Palace in Sanssouci Park at Potsdam, Germany.	Charlottenhof Palace	Potsdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pileh (Persian: پيله‎, also Romanized as Pīleh and Paileh; also known as Pelah) is a village in Sarkal Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pileh	Sarkal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milford Ice Pavilion is a 1,000-seat skating rink in Milford, Connecticut.	Milford Ice Pavilion	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cimiroti (Serbian: Цимироти) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Cimiroti	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zumbrota Covered Bridge is one of Minnesota's few last remaining covered bridges.	Zumbrota Covered Bridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gentilly Nuclear Generating Station (Centrale nucléaire de Gentilly in French) is a formerly operational Canadian nuclear power station located on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River in Bécancour, Quebec, 100 km north east of Montreal.	Gentilly Nuclear Generating Station	Bécancour
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashington is a town and civil parish in Northumberland England.	Ashington	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVNW is a country music formatted radio station in the Lewistown, Pennsylvania market.	WVNW	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Livermore Bridge is a bridge that carries US-431 over the Green River, near Livermore in McLean County, Kentucky where it crosses over two rivers (the Green and Rough Rivers), and passes over a separate county; the only known such occurrence in the world.	Livermore Bridge	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahewa, also Lahia, is a village and sub-district (kecamatan) of North Nias Regency on Nias Island, in the North Sumatra province of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Lahewa	North Nias Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coast Guard Air Station Atlantic City is a United States Coast Guard Air Station located 9 miles northwest of Atlantic City at the Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.	Coast Guard Air Station Atlantic City	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balmerino Abbey, or St Edward's Abbey, in Balmerino, Fife, Scotland, was a Cistercian monastic community founded in 1227 to 1229 by monks from Melrose Abbey with the patronage of Ermengarde de Beaumont and King Alexander II of Scotland.	Balmerino Abbey	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keightley Way is a southwestern road and tunnel in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Keightley Way	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elliott Highway is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska that extends 152 miles (245 km) from Fox, about 10 miles (16 km) north of Fairbanks, to Manley Hot Springs.	Elliott Highway	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJYP (1300 AM) is a sports-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to St. Albans, West Virginia, serving Western Kanawha County, West Virginia and Central Putnam County, West Virginia.	WJYP	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kotzschmar Memorial Organ, usually referred to as the Kotzschmar Organ, is a pipe organ located at Merrill Auditorium in the City Hall of Portland, Maine, United States.	Kotzschmar Memorial Organ	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perry Traditional Academy, also known as Pittsburgh Perry High School, is a high school in the Perry North neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	Perry Traditional Academy	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Union Presbyterian Church is a historic congregation of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) in the village of West Union on the southern edge of Ohio.	West Union Presbyterian Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brattonsville Historic District is a historic district and unincorporated community in York County, South Carolina.	Brattonsville Historic District	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kondrapole (population: approx. 5,000) is a village in India near Miryalaguda (Town), Damaracherla (Mandal), Nalgonda district, Telangana.	Kondrapole	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edge Elements is a public sculpture by Richard Hansen located at South Shore Park on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Edge Elements	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amhuinnsuidhe (Scottish Gaelic: Abhainn Suidhe) is a settlement on the Harris, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Amhuinnsuidhe	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Maas en Waal ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland.	West Maas en Waal	Gelderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keweenaw Underwater Preserve is a preservation area in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Keweenaw Underwater Preserve	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Völkermarkt District is an administrative district in the Austrian State of Carinthia.	Völkermarkt District	Carinthia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kortian (Persian: كرتيان‎, also Romanized as Kortīān; also known as Kortābūn and Kortāyūn) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kortian	Sarjam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwegian Institute for Air Research The Norwegian Standardisation Bureau UNIK (University Graduate Center) Oslo and Akershus University College of Applied Sciences NORSAR (Norwegian Seismic Array) Historically, Kjeller has also been the location for a small aircraft factory.	Kjeller	Akershus
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Calogero (Greek: Aghios Kalogeros) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) southwest of Vibo Valentia.	San Calogero	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arihal (Urdu: ﺁريهل) is a village in Pulwama District, of Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Arihal	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scout Green is a hamlet and small area of farm land near the village of Tebay in Cumbria, England.	Scout Green	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganinyi is a small Aboriginal community 110 km west of Halls Creek in the Kimberley region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Halls Creek.	Ganinyi	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyne Highlands is a ski resort in Northern Michigan located near Harbor Springs, Michigan.	Boyne Highlands	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biglerville High School is a small public high school located in the borough of Biglerville, Pennsylvania.	Biglerville High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marasinganahalli is a small village in Maddur, Mandya, Karnataka state, India, with a population of around 1400.	Marasinganahalli	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallivattom is a remote village in the Vellangur Panchayat district of Kerala, the southern most state of India.	Vallivattom	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenosee Lake is a lake in south east Saskatchewan, Canada.	Kenosee Lake	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaveshan (Persian: گاوشان‎, also Romanized as Gāveshān; also known as Kāveshān) is a village in Sursur Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gaveshan	Sursur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dilari(डिलारी) is a village in Moradabad district and subdistrict in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Dilari	Moradabad district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piersk (pjɛrsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Piersk	Gmina Krzymów
located in the administrative territorial entity	City Montessori School (CMS) (Hindi: सिटी मॉन्टेसरी स्कूल, लखनऊ) is a co-educational English medium private school that offers education from Pre-school up to K-12 (Grade 12) level in Lucknow, India.	City Montessori School	Lucknow
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKNZ (88.7 FM) is a non-commercial educational broadcast radio station licensed to Harrington, Delaware, United States.	WKNZ	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Talkh Rashek (Persian: دره تلخ راشك‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Talkh Rāshek) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Talkh Rashek	Doshman Ziari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allen Water Station is a district of structures representing different items built in the 1870s by the Houston and Texas Central Railroad at the city of Allen stop.	Allen Water Station	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iwetemlaykin State Heritage Site, a public park in the U.S. state of Oregon, is on the south edge of Joseph, along Oregon Route 351.	Iwetemlaykin State Heritage Site	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQKE, The Quake is broadcast on 93.9 FM in Plattsburgh, New York.	WQKE	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان غيزانيه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Jachowa (ˈvɔla jaˈxɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Jachowa	Gmina Górno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joe T. Robinson High School is a public high school for students in grades 9 through 12 located just outside the city limits of Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.	Joe T. Robinson High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whiskey Pete's is a hotel and casino in Primm, Nevada, United States.	Whiskey Pete's	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artist Trust is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to supporting Washington artists working in all creative disciplines.	Artist Trust	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Picton (CFB Picton) was a military installation located in Picton, Ontario.	CFB Picton	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Hills Mall is a shopping mall located at the western border of the Town of Clarence in Erie County, New York, USA.	Eastern Hills Mall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banaveh (Persian: بناوه‎, also Romanized as Banāveh; also known as Banāvīyeh) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Banaveh	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Kątecka (ˈvɔla kɔnˈtɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Kątecka	Gmina Frampol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liucheng County (simplified Chinese: 柳城县; traditional Chinese: 柳城縣; pinyin: Liǔchéng Xiàn; Standard Zhuang: Liujcwngz Yen) is under the administration of Liuzhou, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China.	Liucheng County	Liuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	For local government purposes Seatoller forms part of the civil parish of Borrowdale, the district of Allerdale, and the county of Cumbria.	Seatoller	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobiepany (sɔbjɛˈpanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sobiepany	Gmina Sędziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kissimmee River is a river in south-central Florida, United States.	Kissimmee River	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dillingen (Saar) station is on the Saar Railway between Saarbrücken and Trier in the town of Dillingen in the German state of the Saarland.	Dillingen (Saar) station	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arensch is a local part of Cuxhaven, a town in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Arensch	Cuxhaven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawlat Shah District is located approximately 74 km from Mehterlam, the provincial centre of Laghman Province in Afghanistan.	Dawlat Shah District	Laghman
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bieńdziuga (bjɛɲˈd͡ʑuɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Bieńdziuga	Gmina Michałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nir District (Persian: بخش نیر‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Nir District	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lagma is a village in the northern Indian state of Bihar representing the Rajput, Brahman, and Musahar communities.	Lagma	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carrizo Plain is a large enclosed grassland plain, approximately 50 miles (80 km) long and up to 15 miles (24 km) across, in southeastern San Luis Obispo County, California, about 100 miles (160 km) northwest of Los Angeles.	Carrizo Plain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caldera de Taburiente National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional de la Caldera de Taburiente) is a national park on the island of La Palma, Canary Islands, Spain.	Caldera de Taburiente National Park	La Palma
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKJV-LP is a Southern Gospel and Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bristol, Virginia, serving the twin cities of Bristol in Virginia and in Tennessee.	WKJV-LP	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPNI (1430 AM) was an American radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of Amherst, Massachusetts.	WPNI	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCluer South-Berkeley High School is a secondary school located at 201 Brotherton Lane in the city of Ferguson, Missouri a suburb of St. Louis.	McCluer South-Berkeley High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richneck Plantation was located on the Virginia Peninsula on the northern shore of the James River between Hampton Roads and Jamestown in the English colony of Virginia.	Richneck Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fashion Mall at Keystone, known better as The Fashion Mall, is an upscale shopping center in the northeast section of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana.	The Fashion Mall at Keystone	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezujiq (Persian: بزوجيق‎, also Romanized as Bezūjīq; also known as Bezūjeq) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bezujiq	Qaranqu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malabar Battery was a coastal defence battery built in 1943 during World War II at Malabar Headland, Malabar, New South Wales, Australia.	Malabar Battery	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad Qanat Shahbaz (Persian: اسلام‌آباد قنات شهباز ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Eslamabad Qanat Shahbaz	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The U.S. Cavalry Museum is a museum located on Fort Riley in Fort Riley, Kansas, USA.	U.S. Cavalry Museum	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Rayi (Persian: ده رئي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Rayī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Rayi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Catherine of Sienna Convent is a historic convent in Springfield, Kentucky.	St. Catherine of Sienna Convent	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazem Beyki (Persian: كاظم بيكي‎, also Romanized as Kāz̧em Beykī ; also known as Kāz̧em Bekī and Kāz̧em Beygī) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kazem Beyki	Lalehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayaz Galu (Persian: ايازگلو‎, also Romanized as Ayāz Galū) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ayaz Galu	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simeulue is an island of Indonesia, 150 kilometres (93 mi) off the west coast of Sumatra.	Simeulue	Indonesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millwood Lake is a reservoir in southwestern Arkansas, United States.	Millwood Lake	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beebe Homestead, also known as the Lucius Beebe House and Beebe Farm, is a historic Federal period home at 142 Main Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts, which was built during the federal era that extended from the late 1700s into the 1820s.	Beebe Homestead	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Prix of Denver is a former Champ Car race held on a street circuit in Denver, Colorado.	Grand Prix of Denver	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudzicze (duˈd͡ʑit͡ʂɛ) (German: Philippinenhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dudzicze	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	D. Aubrey Moodie Intermediate School is a dual-track middle school in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, that is part of the Ottawa-Carleton District School Board.	D. Aubrey Moodie Intermediate School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Bruin State Park, one of twenty-two Louisiana state parks, is located on Lake Bruin, a clear ox-bow lake of the Mississippi River near St. Joseph, the seat of Tensas Parish in the northeastern portion of the state.	Lake Bruin State Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Podłężna (ˈvɔla pɔdˈwɛ̃ʐna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wola Podłężna	Gmina Kramsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fachhochschule Potsdam is a vocational college in Potsdam, the capital of the German federal state of Brandenburg.	Fachhochschule Potsdam	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thaddeus Fisher House is a house in southeast Portland, Oregon, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Thaddeus Fisher House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Lavand (Persian: چم لوند‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Lavand and Chamlovand) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham Lavand	Dasht-e Lali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lighthouse Landing was a building complex proposed for construction in Cleveland, Ohio.	Lighthouse Landing	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talagante Province (Spanish: Provincia de Talagante, Spanish pronunciation: (talaˈɣante)) is one of six provinces of the Santiago Metropolitan Region in central Chile.	Talagante Province	Santiago Metropolitan Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Košnica pri Celju (pronounced (ˈkoːʃnitsa pɾi ˈtsɛːlju)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Košnica pri Celju	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukakata, sometimes spelled as Bukakkata, is a lakeside town in Masaka District, Central Uganda.	Bukakata	Masaka District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Board Alley Theatre (1792--1793) was an illegal theatre in Boston, Massachusetts in the late 18th century.	Board Alley Theatre	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	McConnell Air Force Base (IATA: IAB, ICAO: KIAB, FAA LID: IAB) is a United States Air Force base located four miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Wichita, a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States.	McConnell Air Force Base	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azhagiyanatham (Tamil: அழகியநத்தம்) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district, state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Azhagiyanatham	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drzonowo Białogardzkie (dʐɔˈnɔvɔ bjawɔˈɡart͡skʲɛ) (formerly German Drenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Drzonowo Białogardzkie	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orli Staw (ˈɔrli ˈstaf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Orli Staw	Gmina Ceków-Kolonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Erastus Corning Tower, also known as the Mayor Erastus Corning 2nd Tower or simply the Corning Tower, is a skyscraper located in downtown Albany, New York.	Erastus Corning Tower	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahkuh (Persian: كهكوه‎, also Romanized as Kahkūh) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kahkuh	Tasuj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverstone High School, is a co-educational, comprehensive high school located on the northwest fringes of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Riverstone High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rondebosch East lies within ward 60 of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality; the current ward councillor is Patrick Hill of the Democratic Alliance.	Rondebosch East	City of Cape Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ross Lake National Recreation Area is a US National Recreation Area located in north central Washington just south of the Canadian border.	Ross Lake National Recreation Area	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinewood Christian Academy is a co-ed private school located in the small town of Bellville, Georgia, a few miles away from Claxton, Georgia.	Pinewood Christian Academy	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhadrabas is a village development committee in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal, located approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Kathmandu.	Bhadrabas	Kathmandu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Psurze (ˈpsuʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Psurze	Gmina Krzyżanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	False River Regional Airport (ICAO: KHZR, FAA LID: HZR) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) northwest of the central business district of New Roads, a city in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States.	False River Regional Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of West Arthur is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, generally to the west of Albany Highway about 200 kilometres (124 mi) south-east of Perth, the state capital.	Shire of West Arthur	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atabak-e Kati (Persian: اتابك كتي‎, also Romanized as Atābak-e Katī; also known as Atābak-e Pā’īn and Atābak) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Atabak-e Kati	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goodnough Dike (actually a dam) is on the southeastern end of the Quabbin Reservoir, the largest water body in Massachusetts.	Goodnough Dike	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol Abza Jalaleh (Persian: پل ابزاجلاله‎, also Romanized as Pol Ābzā Jalāleh) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pol Abza Jalaleh	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hobart Bus Mall is a section of Elizabeth Street which serves as Metro Tasmania's primary bus terminus in Hobart's CBD.	Hobart Bus Mall	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żeniówka, also known as Ziniówka, Ziuniuwka or Ziniejowka, was a Polish settlement in the Wołyń Voivodeship (1921--1939), gmina Warkowicze, Dubno county, on the Ikva River, in Second Polish Republic before the Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland in September 1939.	Żeniówka	Dubno
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Giles on the Heath, sometimes hyphenated as St Giles-on-the-Heath, is a village and civil parish in the far west of Devon, England.	St Giles on the Heath	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rantum (Sölring Frisian: Raantem) is a village and a former municipality on the island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Rantum	Sylt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whithorn (Taigh Mhàrtainn in Gaelic) is a former royal burgh in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland, about ten miles south of Wigtown.	Whithorn	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hearst Memorial Mining Building at the University of California, Berkeley, is home to the university's Materials Science and Engineering Department, with research and teaching spaces for the subdisciplines of biomaterials; chemical and electrochemical materials; computational materials; electronic, magnetic, and optical materials; and structural materials.	Hearst Memorial Mining Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swan River Valley (also: Swan Valley) is located in the western part of the Canadian province of Manitoba.	Swan River Valley	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumnock (Cumnag in Gaelic) is a town in East Ayrshire, Scotland.	Cumnock	East Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanna Theatre is a theater at Playhouse Square in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Hanna Theatre	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinu (Persian: چينو‎, also Romanized as Chīnū) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chinu	Zarrin Gol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pheta (Nepali: फेता) is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Pheta	Bara District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Włostowa (vwɔsˈtɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in South-Western Poland.	Włostowa	Gmina Korfantów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horsley Woodhouse is a village and civil parish in the Amber Valley district of Derbyshire, in the East Midlands of England.	Horsley Woodhouse	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gondakan (Persian: گندكان‎, also Romanized as Gondakān, Gandakan, Gandkān, and Gūndakan; also known as Gondehkān) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gondakan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	King Triton's Carousel of the Sea is a carousel at Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California.	King Triton's Carousel of the Sea	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Missoula is the central business district in Missoula, Montana, and West-Central Montana.	Downtown Missoula	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cantacuzino Palace is located on Calea Victoriei no. 141, Bucharest.	Cantacuzino Palace	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marvil (Persian: مرويل‎‎, also Romanized as Marvīl) is a village in Muzaran Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Marvil	Muzaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dłużew (ˈdwuʐɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dłużew	Gmina Siennica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fall Brook Gorge is located in the Town of Geneseo in Livingston County, New York, outside the Village of Geneseo.	Fall Brook Gorge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miller State Park is the oldest state-run park in New Hampshire, a state in the New England region of the United States.	Miller State Park	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turves Green is an area of Birmingham partly in West Heath and partly in Northfield (the boundary between these two wards runs through Turves Green).	Turves Green	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Křenovy is a village and obec in Domažlice District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Křenovy	Domažlice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mińsk County (Polish: powiat miński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Mińsk County	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slingsby Channel is a strait on the north side of Bramham Island in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia.	Slingsby Channel	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Hood Corridor is a part of Oregon between Sandy and Government Camp.	Mount Hood Corridor	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smoketown School was a historic one-room school located near Martinsburg, Berkeley County, West Virginia.	Smoketown School	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Rochester Arboretum is an arboretum located across the River Campus of the University of Rochester, 612 Wilson Boulevard, Rochester, New York.	University of Rochester Arboretum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	City Bank Stadium is the home stadium of the Forney Jackrabbits and the North Forney Falcons and is located on the campus of Forney High School.	City Bank Stadium	Forney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilanów Palace or Wilanowski Palace (Polish: pałac w Wilanowie, Polish pronunciation: (ˈpawat͡s vvilaˈnɔvjɛ)) is a royal palace located in the Wilanów district, Warsaw.	Wilanów Palace	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campbell Hall School is an independent, coeducational, K-12 Episcopal day school located in the Studio City neighborhood of the city of Los Angeles, California, United States.	Campbell Hall School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełmek Wołowski (ˈxɛu̯mɛk vɔˈwɔfski) (German: Kulmikau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chełmek Wołowski	Gmina Ścinawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toy Center, also known as the International Toy Center, is a complex of buildings in the New York City borough of Manhattan that for many years was a hub for toy manufacturers and distributors in the United States.	Toy Center	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loews Portofino Bay Hotel at Universal Orlando is a resort hotel and spa located at Universal Orlando Resort in Florida.	Loews Portofino Bay Hotel at Universal Orlando	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knipe-Moore-Rupp Farm, also known as Cedar View Farm, is a historic home and barn located in Russian Space, Upper Gwynedd Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Knipe-Moore-Rupp Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Park Public School is a public school located in Unionville within the city of Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Central Park Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenton Airfield was a World War II military airfield located at Tipperary Station, Hayes Creek, Northern Territory, Australia and named after flight lieutenant Clyde Fenton.	Fenton Airfield	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	On January 1, 2009, Alkemade and Jacobswoude merged and formed the new municipality of Kaag en Braassem.	Alkemade	Kaag en Braassem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhani Poonia or Poonia Ki Dhani (ढाणी पूनियां) is a village in Taranagar tehsil of Churu district in Rajasthan.	Dhani Poonia	Churu district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wituchowo (vituˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wituchowo	Gmina Kwilcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nygard Park is located in the centre of the town of Deloraine, Manitoba.	Nygard Park	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bi Sim-e Kamalabad (Persian: بيسيمكمال اباد‎, also Romanized as Bī Sīm-e Kamālābād) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Bi Sim-e Kamalabad	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hastings Square Historic District is a historic district that encompasses Hastings Square, a small city park in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and the residential properties that abut it.	Hastings Square Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Speer Cemetery is located on Vroom Street between Tuers and Bergen Avenue in Jersey City, New Jersey.	Speer Cemetery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Okanagan Range or Okanogan Range is a small subrange of the Cascade Range straddling the border between British Columbia and Washington south of the Similkameen River on the inland side of the range.	Okanagan Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Providence High School (often abbreviated NPH or NPHS) is a public high school in North Providence, Rhode Island that serves grades 9-12.	North Providence High School	North Providence, Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ingelheim am Rhein is a town in the Mainz-Bingen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany on the Rhine's west bank.	Ingelheim am Rhein	Mainz-Bingen	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikucin (ɕiˈkut͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sikucin	Gmina Szadek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mendenhall Glacier is a glacier about 13.6 miles long located in Mendenhall Valley, about 12 miles (19 km) from downtown Juneau in the southeast area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Mendenhall Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Granny Smith Gold Mine is a gold mine 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Laverton, Western Australia near Mount Weld.	Granny Smith Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oceans of Fun is a tropically-themed water park that opened on May 31, 2013, in Kansas City, Missouri, to celebrate Worlds of Fun's 10th year anniversary.	Oceans of Fun	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamèque Island (French: Île Lamèque) is a Canadian island in the Gulf of St. Lawrence at the northeastern tip of Gloucester County, New Brunswick.	Lamèque Island	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amherst Railway Society Railroad Hobby Show is an annual show, covering railroads, railroad Museums, model railroading, and railroad related toys, held at the Eastern States Exposition grounds in West Springfield, Massachusetts by the Amherst Railway Society.	Amherst Railway Society Railroad Hobby Show	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Space Farms Zoo and Museum is a combination of a natural environment for animals and a historical museum located at 218 Route 519, in Wantage Township in Sussex County, New Jersey, in the United States.	Space Farms Zoo and Museum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fashkol Poshteh (Persian: فشكل پشته‎) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Fashkol Poshteh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverdale Country School is a co-educational, independent, college-preparatory day school in New York City.	Riverdale Country School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Şuhut (formerly Ancient Greek: Σύνναδα, Synnada) is a town and district of Afyonkarahisar Province in the Aegean region of Turkey.	Şuhut	Afyonkarahisar Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Karzan (Persian: سراب كارزان‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kārzān and Sarāb-e Kārāzān) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Karzan	Karezan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts (or CCPA) is a 154,000-square-foot (14,300 m2) entertainment and music venue located in the Cerritos Towne Center of Cerritos, California.	Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Johnston, officially Saint Johnstown (Irish: Baile Suingean), is a village, townland, and electoral division in County Donegal in Ireland.	St Johnston	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid-e Shirin-e Do (Persian: بيدشيرين2‎, also Romanized as Bīd-e Shīrīn-e Do; also known as Bīd-e Shīrīn) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bid-e Shirin-e Do	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Shahid Matahri (Persian: مزرعه شهيدمطهري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shahīd Maṭahrī) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 413, in 71 families.	Mazraeh-ye Shahid Matahri	Ahudasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nabovat Rural District (Persian: دهستان نبوت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Nabovat Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridgeforth Stadium and Zane Showker Field is a football only facility located on the campus of James Madison University in Harrisonburg, Virginia.	Bridgeforth Stadium and Zane Showker Field	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minet el-Beida (Arabic: المينا البيضا‎, The White Harbor; or ancient Ma'hadu) is a small bay located 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) north of Latakia, Syria on the Mediterranean Sea.	Minet el-Beida	Latakia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCOW-FM (97.1 FM, ``Cow 97'') is a country music radio station licensed to Sparta, Wisconsin that serves ``Midwisconsin'' and the La Crosse and La Crescent communities on the nearby Mississippi River separating Minnesota and Wisconsin.	WCOW-FM	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyukabad (Persian: بيوك اباد‎, also Romanized as Boyūkābād; also known as Bābūkābād, Būbūkābād, and Būyūkābād) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District, Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Boyukabad	Chah Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ada Odd Fellows Temple stood at 109-1151⁄2 N. 9th Street in Boise, Idaho.	Ada Odd Fellows Temple	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukowicze (sukɔˈvit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Sukowicze	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klupci (Cyrillic Клупци) is a locality of Serbia located in the municipality of Loznica, district of Mačva.	Klupci	Loznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ed Widseth Field is a stadium on the campus of the University of Minnesota Crookston.	Ed Widseth Field	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Yuma is a fort in California that is located in Imperial County, across the Colorado River from Yuma, Arizona.	Fort Yuma	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street (also known as the Edward Manning Houses) are a series of historic rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street in Reading, Massachusetts, USA.	Rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahjerd (Persian: مهجرد‎; also known as Mahjerdū’īyeh and Mehjerdī) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahjerd	Koshkuiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabz Vahdat (Persian: سبز وحدت‎, also Romanized as Sabz Vaḩdat) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Sabz Vahdat	Dehshir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hazira is a town and a transshipment port in the Surat district in the Gujarat state in southwestern India.	Hazira	Surat district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kia Rud (Persian: كيارود‎, also Romanized as Kīā Rūd) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kia Rud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roxboro Male Academy and Methodist Parsonage is a historic school and church parsonage located at 315 N. Main Street in Roxboro, Person County, North Carolina.	Roxboro Male Academy and Methodist Parsonage	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Utrecht Reformed Church is the fourth oldest Reformed Church in America congregation in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York.	New Utrecht Reformed Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kubalin (kuˈbalin) (German: Eichenried) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kubalin	Gmina Mosina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagykamarás (Romanian: Camarasu Mare) is a village in Békés County, in the Southern Great Plain region of south-east Hungary.	Nagykamarás	Békés County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petrópolis (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˌpeˈtɾɔpuʎiʃ)), also known as The Imperial City of Brazil, is a municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro, at a distance of 68 km from the state capital.	Petrópolis	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CDGK Stadium is an association football stadium in Karachi, Pakistan, with a capacity of 15,000.	CDGK Stadium	Karachi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Statland Church (Norwegian: Statland kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namdalseid in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Statland Church	Namdalseid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taj Amir (Persian: تاج امير‎, also Romanized as Tāj Amīr) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Taj Amir	Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tranquil Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at the head of the Kennedy River, east of the head of Bedwell Sound on Vancouver Island.	Tranquil Creek Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Battle Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located between Incomappleux River and Duncan River south of Battle Brook.	Battle Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyaukpyu Township (Burmese: ကျောက်ဖြူမြို့နယ်) is a township of Kyaukpyu District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar.	Kyaukpyu Township	Kyaukpyu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simeulue Regency is a regency in the Aceh special region of Indonesia.	Simeulue Regency	Aceh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Taqi Rafiqabadi (Persian: سيدتقي رفيق ابادي‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Taqī Rafīqābādī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Seyyed Taqi Rafiqabadi	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area preserves the Big South Fork of the Cumberland River and its tributaries in northeastern Tennessee and southeastern Kentucky.	Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornbrook tram stop is a tram stop on Greater Manchester's light rail Metrolink system.	Cornbrook tram stop	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Kuseh-ye Sofla (Persian: باباكوسه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bābā Kūseh-ye Soflá; also known as Bābā Kūseh) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baba Kuseh-ye Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edison Storage Battery Company Building, is located at 177 Main Street and Lakeside Avenue in West Orange, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Edison Storage Battery Company Building	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tickenham is a wealthy ornate village and civil parish near Clevedon and Nailsea, North Somerset, England.	Tickenham	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasmere Lake is a lake in the north-west corner of Manitoba, near the provincial boundaries with Nunavut and Saskatchewan, Canada.	Kasmere Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society (FHI) is a science research institute located at the heart of the academic district of Dahlem, in Berlin, Germany.	Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sołtyski (sɔu̯ˈtɨski) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sołtyski	Gmina Ryjewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Újszalonta is a village in Békés County, in the Southern Great Plain region of southeast Hungary.	Újszalonta	Békés County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roseg Glacier (Romansh: Vadret da Roseg) is a 4 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernina Range, in the Val Roseg (Graubünden).	Roseg Glacier	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sennybridge (Welsh: Pont Senni) is a village in Powys, mid Wales, situated some 42 miles (68 km) from Cardiff and 31 miles (50 km) from Swansea.	Sennybridge	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kongoussi is a city located in Bam Province in central Burkina Faso, one of the world's poorest countries.	Kongoussi	Bam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzeczyca Ziemiańska-Kolonia (ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa ʑɛˈmjaɲska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rzeczyca Ziemiańska-Kolonia	Gmina Trzydnik Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Cape Light is an active lighthouse on Prince Edward Island, Canada.	North Cape Light	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. George Terminal is a ferry, railway, bus, and park and ride transit center in the St. George neighborhood of Staten Island, New York City.	St. George Terminal	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Ignatius Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery at 101 N. Lamkin Road in Readmond Township, Michigan, USA.	Saint Ignatius Church and Cemetery	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omm ol Khareyn (Persian: ام الخرين‎; also known as Hovīsār, Omm-ol Hazīn, and Omm ol Khazeyn) is a village in Gharb-e Karun Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Omm ol Khareyn	Gharb-e Karun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midland Adventist Academy is a private, coeducational, K-12 grade school located in Shawnee, Kansas.	Midland Adventist Academy	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sooner Lake is a reservoir in Pawnee and Noble counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	Sooner Lake	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Chrapowo (ˈstarɛ xraˈpɔvɔ) (formerly German Alt Grape) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stare Chrapowo	Gmina Bielice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Outhwaite Homes is a public development under jurisdiction of the Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing Authority in Cleveland, Ohio.	Outhwaite Homes	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Becontree Heath (also spelt Beacontree Heath) is an open space in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham.	Becontree Heath	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baluli (Persian: بالولي‎, also Romanized as Bālūlī and Balooli; also known as Bāgh Lūlī) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Baluli	Shamil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Encarnación de Díaz is a town and municipality located in the far northeast of the state of Jalisco in north central Mexico.	Encarnación de Díaz	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Przybojewo (ˈnɔvɛ pʂɨbɔˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Przybojewo	Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harnden-Browne House is a historic house at 60-62 Salem Street in Reading, Massachusetts, exemplifying the adaptation of older buildings to new architectural styles.	Harnden-Browne House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calabogie Peaks is a ski resort in the municipality of Greater Madawaksa, Renfrew County in Eastern Ontario, Canada.	Calabogie Peaks	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mogorella, Mogoredda in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Oristano.	Mogorella	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlantic City Expressway (officially numbered, but unsigned, as Route 446 and abbreviated A.C. Expressway, ACE, or ACX, and known locally as ``the Expressway'') is a 44.19-mile (71.12 km), controlled-access toll road in New Jersey, managed and operated by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.	Atlantic City Expressway	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jebreil (Persian: جبرئيل‎, also Romanized as Jebre’īl, Jabrā’īl, Jebrā’īl; also known as Jībrā``il) is a village in Babarashani Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 567, in 126 families.	Jebreil	Babarashani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Croce degli Armeni or Holy Cross Armenian Church is a church in Venice, on Calle dei Armeni, near St Mark's Basilica.	Santa Croce degli Armeni	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kościany (kɔɕˈt͡ɕanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kościany	Gmina Szczytniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pavaratty is a census town in Thrissur district in the Indian state of Kerala.Pavaratty is situated in the coastal area of Chavakkad Taluk in Thrissur District.	Pavaratty	Thrissur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yunxiao County (simplified Chinese: 云霄县; traditional Chinese: 雲霄縣; pinyin: Yúnxiāo Xiàn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Hûn-sio-kōan) is a county of Zhangzhou prefecture level city, in the south of Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Yunxiao County	Zhangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slinger Speedway (formerly Slinger Super Speedway) is a quarter mile paved oval automobile race track with 33-degree banked corners located in Slinger, Wisconsin.	Slinger Speedway	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castel Lagopesole, or simply Lagopesole, is a village and civil parish (frazione) of the municipality (comune) of Avigliano, in Basilicata, southern Italy.	Castel Lagopesole	Avigliano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahriyeh (Persian: بحريه‎, also Romanized as Baḩrīyeh; also known as Barīyeh and Baria) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bahriyeh	Chah Salem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miłusze (miˈwuʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Miłusze	Gmina Prostki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurattikkadu is the main part of Mannar town situated in Alappuzha district in Kerala, India.	Kurattikkadu	Alappuzha district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pico (Portuguese: Montanha do Pico) is a stratovolcano and the highest mountain of Portugal, located on the island of Pico, in the mid-Atlantic archipelago of the Azores.	Mount Pico	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiidenvesi is the second largest lake in the Uusimaa region in Finland.	Hiidenvesi	Uusimaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guttenberg Public School District is a community public school district that serves students in Pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Guttenberg, New Jersey, United States.	Guttenberg Public School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of the Sunshine Coast is a public university based on the Sunshine Coast in Queensland, Australia.	University of the Sunshine Coast	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezenjan (Persian: بزنجان‎, also Romanized as Bezenjān; also known as Bezenjānī, Bīzenjān, Bizinjān, and Now Bezenjān) is a city in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bezenjan	Baft County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toyota Field is a soccer-specific stadium in San Antonio, Texas, United States.	Toyota Field	San Antonio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhemaji district (Pron:deɪˈmɑ:ʤi or di:ˈmɑ:ʤi) (Assamese: ধেমাজি জিলা) is an administrative district in the state of Assam in India.	Dhemaji district	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lafayette Blue Springs State Park is a Florida State Park, located on the west side of the Suwannee River, seven miles northwest of Mayo, off US 27.	Lafayette Blue Springs State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miller Outdoor Theatre is an outdoor theater for the performing arts in Houston, Texas.	Miller Outdoor Theatre	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarangush (Persian: زرانگوش‎, also Romanized as Zarāngūsh and Zarangūsh) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Zarangush	Hendmini Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sac and Fox Reservation of the Sac and Fox Nation is a 23.639 sq mi (61.226 km²) tract located in southeastern Richardson County, Nebraska, and northeastern Brown County, Kansas.	Sac and Fox Reservation	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpullu is a belde (town) in Babaeski district of Kırklareli Province.	Alpullu	Babaeski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iroquois Falls Airport, (TC LID: CNE4), is located 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) west southwest of Iroquois Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Iroquois Falls Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unicity Mall was a shopping mall in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Unicity Mall	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salisbury Beach Military Reservation was a coastal defense site located in Salisbury, Massachusetts.	Salisbury Beach Military Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Tokyo, also known as the Tama area (多摩地域 Tama chiiki), Tama region (多摩地方 Tama-chihō) or toka (都下), consists of the part of Tokyo Prefecture to the west of the 23 special wards.	Western Tokyo	Tokyo Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podskarbice Królewskie (pɔtskarˈbit͡sɛ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Podskarbice Królewskie	Gmina Regnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان دنباله‌رود شمالی‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District	Dehdez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiataussaq Island (Danish: Amdrup Ø) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Kiataussaq Island	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Continental Mill Housing buildings are a pair of historic mill worker housing blocks at 66-82 Oxford Street in Lewiston, Maine.	Continental Mill Housing	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio La Ceiba is a multi-use stadium in the San Felix area of Ciudad Guayana, Venezuela.	Estadio La Ceiba	Ciudad Guayana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zitak Qeshlaq (Persian: زيتك قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Zītak Qeshlāq; also known as Zītak) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Zitak Qeshlaq	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henshaw, Northumberland is a village in the north of England in the vicinity of the ancient Hadrian's Wall, widely acknowledged to be the most significant Roman monument in Britain.	Henshaw, Northumberland	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dare County Regional Airport (IATA: MEO, ICAO: KMQI, FAA LID: MQI) is a public airport located one mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district (CBD) of Manteo, a town in Dare County, North Carolina, United States.	Dare County Regional Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eneabba Stone Arrangement is the name given to a registration on the Western Australia's Register of Aboriginal Sites.	Eneabba Stone Arrangement	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haddadiyeh (Persian: حداديه‎, also Romanized as Ḩaddādīyeh, Haddādīyeh, and Haddādīyyeh) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District, Rudbar-e Qasran District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Haddadiyeh	Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKYL is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music radio format at 610 AM in Peace River, Alberta and also several different other frequencies on the FM dial.	CKYL	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rue de la Liberté is the main street in the historic center of the French city Dijon.	Rue de la Liberté	Dijon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CHCH Television Tower is a 357.5 metre 1,173 feet-high guyed TV mast located at 481 First Road West in Stoney Creek, Ontario, Canada.	CHCH Television Tower	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botliyeh (Persian: بطليه‎, also Romanized as Boţlīyeh and Botleyeh; also known as Bolīyeh and Botlia) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Botliyeh	Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chillakur is village and partly out growth of Gudur in Nellore district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Chillakur	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denton County Courthouse-on-the-Square is the former courthouse of Denton County located in at the county seat Denton, Texas.	Denton County Courthouse-on-the-Square	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vintage Church is a non-denominational evangelical Protestant church located in Lawrence, Kansas.	Vintage Church	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hulland is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire, England, adjoining the A517 road.	Hulland	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamienny Jaz (kaˈmjɛnnɨ ˈjas) (German: Steinwehr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Kamienny Jaz	Gmina Chojna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arambuiyeh (Persian: ارمبويه‎, also Romanized as Arambū’īyeh; also known as Arambū) is a village in Filestan Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Arambuiyeh	Filestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acalanes High School is a public secondary school located in Lafayette, California in the San Francisco Bay Area, within Contra Costa County.	Acalanes High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montecilfone (Arbërisht: Munxhufuni) is an Arbëreshë comune in the Province of Campobasso, in the Italian region of Molise, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of Campobasso.	Montecilfone	Province of Campobasso
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frank R. Bowerman Landfill is a landfill in the western Santa Ana Mountains, in Orange County, California.	Frank R. Bowerman Landfill	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mills River Chapel, also known as Mills River United Methodist Church, is a historic Methodist chapel located near Mills River, Henderson County, North Carolina.	Mills River Chapel	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burnside Bridge is a 1926-built bascule bridge that spans the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon, United States, carrying Burnside Street.	Burnside Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raton Municipal Airport (IATA: RTN, ICAO: KRTN, FAA LID: RTN) (Crews Field) is 12 miles southwest of Raton, in Colfax County, New Mexico.	Raton Municipal Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delaware Route 3 (DE 3) is a state highway northeast of Wilmington in New Castle County, Delaware.	Delaware Route 3	New Castle County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janaszówek (janaˈʂuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Janaszówek	Gmina Sochaczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Furness Vale is a village in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England, between New Mills and Whaley Bridge.	Furness Vale	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Girst (Luxembourgish: Giischt) is a village in the commune of Rosport, in eastern Luxembourg.	Girst	Rosport
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNFZ is a radio station licensed to Powell, Tennessee, serving Knoxville, Tennessee.	WNFZ	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sur-e Meqdad (Persian: سورمقداد‎, also Romanized as Sūr-e Meqdād and Sūr-e Moqdād; also known as Sūd Moghdād, Sūr-e Meghdād, and Var-e Meqdād) is a village in Asiab Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sur-e Meqdad	Asiab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aspar Nasrollah (Persian: اسپرنصراله‎, also Romanized as Āspar Naşrollah) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Aspar Nasrollah	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayon Volcano (Tagalog: Bulkang Mayon, Central Bikol: Bulkan Mayon), also known as Mount Mayon, is an active stratovolcano in the Philippine province of Albay, on the island of Luzon in the Philippines.	Mayon Volcano	Albay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Goree Unit (GR) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice men's prison, located in Huntsville, Texas, 4 miles (6.4 km) miles south of downtown Huntsville on Texas State Highway 75 South.	Goree Unit	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małe Jodło (ˈmawɛ ˈjɔdwɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Małe Jodło	Gmina Kunów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morgram (also spelt Moregram) is a village and gram panchayat under Sagardighi community development block and police station in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Morgram	Murshidabad district	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green Plain Monthly Meetinghouse is a historic former Quaker house of worship near South Charleston in Clark County, Ohio, United States.	Green Plain Monthly Meetinghouse	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul B. Johnson State Park is a state park on the shores of Geiger Lake in the U.S. state of Mississippi.	Paul B. Johnson State Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emerald Ridge High School is a high school in the Puyallup School District of Washington, United States and is commonly referred to as ERHS or simply ER. Emerald Ridge opened in September 2000.	Emerald Ridge High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dagon Seikkan Township (Burmese: ဒဂုံဆိပ်ကမ်း မြို့နယ် (dəɡòʊɴ sʰeɪʔkáɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is an urban township of Yangon, Burma (Myanmar).	Dagon Seikkan Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taylor Square Firehouse is an historic fire station at 113 Garden Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Taylor Square Firehouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ratcliffe Mound (33-Vi-3) is a Native American mound in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Ratcliffe Mound	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The beach of Es Trenc close to Campos on the southern coast of Majorca is part of the Natural Area of Special Interest Es Trenc-Salobrar de Campos.	Es Trenc	Campos	Majorca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victory Stadium was an American football stadium located in Roanoke, Virginia.	Victory Stadium	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steinsberg Castle is a castle in the village of Weiler, a suburb of Sinsheim in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Steinsberg Castle	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DesBrisay Museum is a museum showcasing the history of the town of Bridgewater, Nova Scotia and the surrounding area, including its inhabitants and architecture, whose collection is due to the efforts of Judge Mather Byles DesBrisay.	DesBrisay Museum	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodinar is a city and municipality in Gir Somnath district, in the Indian state of Gujarat, 37 kilometres (23 mi) west of Una.	Kodinar	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Surrogate's Courthouse, also known as the Hall of Records, is a Beaux Arts municipal building in lower Manhattan in New York City.	Surrogate's Courthouse	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Outlaw Run is a wooden roller coaster located at the Silver Dollar City amusement park in Branson, Missouri.	Outlaw Run	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavistock Country Club is a private 18-hole golf and tennis club located in Tavistock, New Jersey.	Tavistock Country Club	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marązy (maˈrɔ̃zɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Marązy	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żytnia (ˈʐɨtɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żytnia	Gmina Siedlce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saddlehorn Utility Area Historic District in Colorado National Monument comprises a complex of park service buildings, designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in the National Park Service Rustic style.	Saddlehorn Utility Area Historic District	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Breezy Hill Site (RI-957) is a prehistoric archaeological site in Foster, Rhode Island.	Breezy Hill Site (RI-957)	Foster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karvandan (Persian: كروندان‎, also Romanized as Karvandān and Karūnān; also known as Karonān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Karvandan	Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Prairie Grange Hall No. 79, also known as the La Prairie Town Hall, is an historic two-story wooden Grange hall located in La Prairie, Rock County, Wisconsin.	La Prairie Grange Hall No. 79	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koonamthai is a ward located in Kalamassery municipality in Ernakulam district, Kerala, India.	Koonamthai	Ernakulam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belridge Secondary College, formerly Belridge Senior High School, is a comprehensive co-educational state high school located in Beldon, 3.8 kilometres (2.4 mi) south of Joondalup in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia.	Belridge Secondary College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Oxhey is a suburb of Watford in the Watford Rural parish of the Three Rivers district of Hertfordshire, England.	South Oxhey	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newliston is a country house near Edinburgh, Scotland.	Newliston	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	In terms of the Côte d'Or hillside, Bâtard-Montrachet is located below Montrachet, with the Route des Grands Crus running between the two vineyards.	Bâtard-Montrachet	Côte d'Or
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changoi is a village in district Churu, Rajasthan.	Changoi	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasr-e Asef (Persian: كسراصف‎, also Romanized as Kasr-e Āşef, Kaşr-e Āşef, and Kaşr Āşef; also known as Kasrāset and Khāsrās) is a village in Khenejin Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kasr-e Asef	Khenejin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fudij (Persian: فوديج‎, also Romanized as Fūdīj) is a village in Banestan Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Fudij	Banestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (Abbr.: GGSIPU or IP or IPU, informally known as Indraprastha University, Hindi: गुरु गोबिंद सिंह इंद्रप्रस्थ विश्वविद्यालय) is a public, professional university located in Delhi, India.	Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Smith Farm, also known as Hidden Spring Farm, is a historic home, barn, and vaulted cellar located at Middletown, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania.	Henry Smith Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McCurdy Hotel is a historic building in the Riverfront District of Evansville, Indiana, built in the colonial revival style and designed by architect Henry Ziegler Dietz.	McCurdy Hotel	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Giles' Church, Camberwell, is the parish church of Camberwell, a district of London which forms part of the London Borough of Southwark.	St Giles' Church, Camberwell	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Power Stadium (also known as Leicester City Stadium) is a football stadium located in Leicester, England.	King Power Stadium	Leicester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kughan (Persian: كوغان‎, also Romanized as Kūghān) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kughan	Shibkaveh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Lar Karim (Persian: داره لاركريم‎, also Romanized as Dārreh Lār Karīm) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darreh Lar Karim	Jeygaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramonville-Saint-Agne (or simply Ramonville) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.	Ramonville-Saint-Agne	Haute-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Box Elder County Courthouse, located at 1 N. Main St. in Brigham City, Utah, was built in 1857 and expanded greatly in 1910.	Box Elder County Courthouse	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merkenstein ruins are the remains of a castle in Lower Austria near Bad Vöslau in the Großau cadastre (property register).	Merkenstein ruins	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bait Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located on the west side of northern Takla Lake in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Bait Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	LaGrange Callaway Airport (IATA: LGC, ICAO: KLGC, FAA LID: LGC) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of LaGrange, a city in Troup County, Georgia, United States.	LaGrange Callaway Airport	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Admiral William Standley State Recreation Area is a state recreation area of California, USA, featuring 45 acres (18 ha) of redwoods on the Eel River.	Admiral William Standley State Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Newport Bay (known to locals as ``The Back Bay'') is a large coastal wetland (an estuary) in Newport Beach, Southern California and a major stopover for birds on the Pacific Flyway.	Upper Newport Bay	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodivar (Persian: كديور‎, also Romanized as Kodīvar) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kodivar	Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belvidere Hill Historic District is a residential area on the east side of Lowell, Massachusetts known for its fine 19th-century houses.	Belvidere Hill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korehi (Persian: کره‌ای‎, also Romanized as Koreh’ī; also known as Chār Rāh, Katra, Katreh, Koreh, and Korreh) is a city in and the capital of Sarchehan District, in Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Korehi	Sarchehan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuba City Astronomical Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned by the Doscher Family Trust and operated primarily by trustee Richard J. Doscher of Yuba City, California.	Yuba City Astronomical Observatory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Harford Road, one of the oldest continuously-used rights-of-way in central Maryland, United States, is a southwest-northeast thoroughfare in northeast Baltimore and eastern Baltimore County.	Old Harford Road	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanuti National Wildlife Refuge is a national wildlife refuge in central Alaska, United States.	Kanuti National Wildlife Refuge	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neuostheim/Neuhermsheim is a suburb of the city of Mannheim, Germany, composed of Neuostheim and Neuhermsheim and is considered to be one of the more attractive neighbourhoods of Mannheim.	Neuostheim/Neuhermsheim	Mannheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smęcino (smɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German: Schmenzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Smęcino	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Mountain is a mountain in Columbia County, Sullivan County, and Luzerne County, in Pennsylvania, United States.	Central Mountain	Columbia County	Sullivan County	Luzerne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milford Mill Academy (MMA) is a four-year public high school in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States.	Milford Mill Academy	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richmond County School System is a public school system managed by the Richmond County Board of Education, serving consolidated Augusta-Richmond County, Georgia and the south Richmond County cities of Hephzibah and Blythe.	Richmond County School System	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelno (ˈjɛlnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jelno	Gmina Zapolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danqaralu (Persian: دانقرالو‎, also Romanized as Dānqarālū and Dānqarlū) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Danqaralu	Bash Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyman Ward Military Academy (LWMA) is a private military school located in Camp Hill, Alabama for boys in grades 6-12.	Lyman Ward Military Academy	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ehnen (Luxembourgish: Éinen) is a small town in the commune of Wormeldange, in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Ehnen	Wormeldange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mukteshwar is a town and tourist destination in the Nainital district of Uttarakhand, India.	Mukteshwar	Nainital district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakalayeh (Persian: لاكلايه‎, also Romanized as Lākalāyeh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lakalayeh	Reza Mahalleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jadir (Persian: جدير‎, also Romanized as Jadīr; also known as Jadīd) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jadir	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmory Castle, also known as Kilmory House, is a large 19th-century house located just to the south of Lochgilphead, in Argyll, Argyll and Bute, on the west coast of Scotland.	Kilmory Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stock Island is an island in the lower Florida Keys immediately east of Key West (separated from Key West by Cow Key Channel, which is only about 75 yards (70 m) wide).	Stock Island	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fath ol Jalil (Persian: فتح الجليل‎, also Romanized as Fatḥ ol Jalīl; also known as Fatḥoljalīl) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District, Qaleh Qazi District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Fath ol Jalil	Sarkhun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łobżonka (wɔbˈʐɔnka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łobżonka	Gmina Łobżenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHPA-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a tourist information format at 90.9 FM in Port Alberni, British Columbia.	CHPA-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Revendrapadu is a village in Guntur District of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Revendrapadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashley and Bailey Company Silk Mill, also known as Franklin Silk Mill and Leinhardt Brothers Furniture Warehouse, is a historic silk mill located at West York, York County, Pennsylvania.	Ashley and Bailey Company Silk Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abumusa County (Persian: شهرستان ابوموسی‎) is a county in Hormozgan Province in Iran.	Abumusa County	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pratkowice (pratkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, with in Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pratkowice	Gmina Wielgomłyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mason Lake is a natural elongated lake south of Belfair, Washington, USA in Mason County.	Mason Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjørnfjell Station (Norwegian: Bjørnfjell stasjon) is a railway station in the village of Bjørnfjell in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Bjørnfjell Station	Narvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively Amanu forms a commune in French Polynesia which includes the atolls of Rekareka (uninhabited) and Tauere.	Amanu	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandimere Speedway, also known in the NHRA as Thunder Mountain, is a quarter-mile dragstrip located just outside Morrison, Colorado and Lakewood, Colorado.	Bandimere Speedway	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Khatuan (Thai: แม่คะตวน) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Sop Moei District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Mae Khatuan	Sop Moei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hlaing Township (Burmese: လှိုင် မြို့နယ်, pronounced: (l̥àiɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is an area of Yangon, Myanmar.	Hlaing Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giaku (Persian: گياكو‎, also Romanized as Gīākū) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Giaku	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elias Abel House is a historic building in western Bloomington, Indiana, United States.	Elias Abel House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Clair Region Conservation Authority is a conservation authority in the province of Ontario.	St. Clair Region Conservation Authority	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drachenbronn Air Base (Base Aérienne 901 Drachenbronn) of the French Air Force is located in the community of Drachenbronn-Birlenbach in the Bas-Rhin département.	Drachenbronn Air Base	Drachenbronn-Birlenbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hill Air Force Base (IATA: HIF, ICAO: KHIF, FAA LID: HIF) is a major U.S. Air Force base located in northern Utah, just south of the city of Ogden, and near the towns of Clearfield, Riverdale, Roy, Sunset, and Layton.	Hill Air Force Base	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuhaka is a small settlement in the northern Hawke's Bay Region of New Zealand's eastern North Island, lying on State Highway 2 between Wairoa and Gisborne.	Nuhaka	Hawke's Bay Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhuan Kalan is a village near Deoli city, in the Tonk district of Rajasthan, India.	Dhuan Kalan	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJMS (101.1 FM) is an urban adult contemporary radio station in Memphis Tennessee, and serving the Mid-South, area, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	KJMS	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodburn Dragstrip is a quarter-mile NHRA dragstrip located in Woodburn, Oregon.	Woodburn Dragstrip	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczonów (ˈʂt͡ʂɔnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Szczonów	Gmina Żerków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalaneh-ye Sofla (Persian: چلانه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chalāneh-ye Soflá; also known as Chalānī-ye Soflá) is a village in Mansur-e Aqai Rural District, Shahu District, Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chalaneh-ye Sofla	Mansur-e Aqai Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mercantile National Bank Building (known colloquially as The Merc) is a 31-story, 159.4 m (523 ft) skyscraper at 1700 Main Street in the Main Street district of downtown Dallas, Texas.	Mercantile National Bank Building	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Murchi (Persian: تازه ابادمورچي‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Mūrchī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Murchi	Baladarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gayhurst is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes, ceremonial Buckinghamshire in England.	Gayhurst	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casale Corte Cerro is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northeast of Turin and about 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Verbania.	Casale Corte Cerro	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Georges River Grammar (GRG) is an independent, co-educational, day school located in Georges Hall, a suburb of South-Western Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Georges River Grammar	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wind Creek State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located 7 miles (11 km) south of Alexander City, Alabama, on the western side of Lake Martin, a 41,000-acre (17,000 ha) reservoir on the Tallapoosa River.	Wind Creek State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skotniki Duże (skɔtˈniki ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skotniki Duże	Gmina Busko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petite Rivière is a river in Nova Scotia, Canada located entirely within Lunenburg County.	Petite Rivière	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stuart Welcome Arch (also known as the 1926 Welcome Arch or Rio-Jensen Beach Arch) is an historic arch-shaped structure which straddles County Road 707 between 2369 and 2390 Northeast Dixie Highway in Jensen Beach, Florida.	Stuart Welcome Arch	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aseminun District (Persian: بخش آسمینون‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Aseminun District	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tregare (Welsh: Tre'r-gaer) is an ancient parish on the northern border of the Raglan hundred of Monmouthshire in southeast Wales.	Tregare	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Farm Schoolhouse, also known as the Brick School, is a historic schoolhouse at Park Ave. and School St. in Bloomfield, Connecticut.	Old Farm Schoolhouse	Bloomfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dam Gerow Band (Persian: دم گروبند‎; also known as Pāzhnān) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dam Gerow Band	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Penland School of Crafts (``Penland'') is an Arts and Crafts educational center located in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Spruce Pine, North Carolina, about 50 miles from Asheville.	Penland School of Crafts	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roush Creek Falls is a steep cascade in North Cascades National Park, Washington, U.S. Glacial melt waters from Eldorado Glacier flow south creating Roush Creek.	Roush Creek Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nemerlaer Castle is a 14th-century castle, located in Haaren, Netherlands.	Nemerlaer Castle	Haaren
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edam-Volendam ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the northwest Netherlands, in the province of North Holland, consisting of the towns of Edam and Volendam, whose centres lie just 3 km apart.	Edam-Volendam	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Union Station (1893-1927) or North Station in Boston, Massachusetts, was a train station consisting of three adjoined buildings.	North Union Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grândola (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈɡɾɐ̃dulɐ)) is a town (vila) and municipality in Setúbal District in Portugal.	Grândola	Setúbal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loggia dei Lanzi, also called the Loggia della Signoria, is a building on a corner of the Piazza della Signoria in Florence, Italy, adjoining the Uffizi Gallery.	Loggia dei Lanzi	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaleh Sara (Persian: چاله سرا‎, also Romanized as Chāleh Sarā) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chaleh Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayenthal (German: Köln-Bayenthal) is a neighbourhood of Cologne, Germany and part of the district of Rodenkirchen.	Bayenthal	Rodenkirchen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bannister Hall and Baynard House is a national historic district located near Smyrna, Kent County, Delaware.	Bannister Hall and Baynard House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taminan (Persian: تمينان‎, also Romanized as Ţamīnān and Tamīnān; also known as Eţmīnān and Ţambītān) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Taminan	Lay Siyah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portland Bible College (PBC) is a four-year Bible college in Portland, Oregon, USA that offers theological and church ministry degrees.	Portland Bible College	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gholamreza Bagh (Persian: غلامرضاباغ‎, also Romanized as Gholāmreẕā Bāgh) is a village in Chapar Khaneh Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gholamreza Bagh	Chapar Khaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Northern Railway Passenger and Freight Depot (also known as the Burlington Northern Depot) is a historic Burlington Northern train station at 1 Court Street in Aberdeen, South Dakota.	Great Northern Railway Passenger and Freight Depot	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chismore Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located on the western edge of Porcher Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Chismore Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łuczaje (wuˈt͡ʂajɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łuczaje	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn Aqa (Persian: حسين اقا‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Āqā) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Aqa	Jastun Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The El Tovar Apartments is an apartment building located at 320 East Grand Boulevard in Detroit, Michigan, in the East Grand Boulevard Historic District.	El Tovar Apartments	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grudno (ˈɡrudnɔ) (German: Petersgrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grudno	Gmina Bolków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kottigehara (Kannada: ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆಹಾರ) is a village located in the foothills of Charmadi ghat in Chikkamagaluru district of Karnataka state, India.	Kottigehara	Chikkamagaluru district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baillargues (Catalan: Balhargues) is a commune in the Hérault department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France.	Baillargues	Hérault
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fitzwilliam Museum is the art and antiquities museum of the University of Cambridge, located on Trumpington Street opposite Fitzwilliam Street in central Cambridge, England.	Fitzwilliam Museum	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khazan (Persian: خزان‎, also Romanized as Khazān; also known as Khīzu) is a village in Shakhen Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khazan	Shakhen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billesley Common is a recreational area of public open space in South Birmingham, England.	Billesley Common	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	93.9 Bay FM (call sign: 3BAY) is a commercial FM radio station based in Geelong, Victoria.	93.9 Bay FM	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bom Jesus do Itabapoana is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.	Bom Jesus do Itabapoana	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchocina (vjɛʂxɔˈt͡ɕina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wierzchocina	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arena Corinthians is a sports stadium located in São Paulo, Brazil and owned, operated, and used by Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.	Arena Corinthians	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łopatno (wɔˈpatnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Łopatno	Gmina Iwaniska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selma Unified School District is a school system located in Selma, California.	Selma Unified School District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qunchamarka (Quechua, hispanicized spelling Conchamarca, Conchamarka, Qonchamarca, regionally also spelled 'Qonchamarka') is an archaeological site in Peru located in the Cusco Region, Urubamba Province, Machupicchu District, southwest of the mountain Runkuraqay.	Qunchamarka	Peru
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowfeh (Persian: روفه‎, also Romanized as Rūfeh; also known as Rowqeh) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rowfeh	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windygates is a small village and surrounding district in central Fife, Scotland.	Windygates	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plackwald is a ridge of hills, up to 581.5 m above sea level (NHN), and part of the Rhenish Massif in the counties of Soest and Hochsauerlandkreis, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Plackwald	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scots Mining Company House, also known as Woodlands Hall, is an early-18th-century mansion house in Leadhills, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Scots Mining Company House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seattle Cinerama Theatre is a landmark movie theater located in the Belltown neighborhood of Seattle, Washington in the United States of America.	Seattle Cinerama	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spero Building is a twelve-story building put up by David Spero at 19-27 West 21st Street in the Flatiron District neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Spero Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isenachweiher in the Palatinate Forest (Rhineland-Palatinate) is a reservoir on the River Isenach, a left tributary of the Rhine.	Isenachweiher	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sông Công is a district-level city (thành phố) of Thái Nguyên Province in the Northeast region of Vietnam.	Sông Công	Thái Nguyên
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarduiyeh (Persian: ساردوئيه‎, also Romanized as Sārdū’īyeh and Sardueeyeh; also known as Balūchestānī) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarduiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kebili Governorate (Arabic: ولاية ڨبلي‎ Gibillī pronounced (ˈɡbɪl.liː)) is the second largest of the 24 governorates (provinces) of Tunisia.	Kebili Governorate	Tunisia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonoma Coast State Park is a State of California property in Sonoma County consisting of public access use on lands adjoining the Pacific Ocean.	Sonoma Coast State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardiff, New York is a small hamlet in Onondaga County, New York, located south of Syracuse.	Cardiff, New York	Onondaga County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bulphan is a village in the borough of Thurrock in the East of England and one of the traditional (Church of England) parishes in Thurrock.	Bulphan	Thurrock
located in the administrative territorial entity	O.C. Fisher Reservoir (also known as O.C. Fisher Lake, formerly known as San Angelo Lake) is an artificial lake located west of the city of San Angelo, Texas.	O.C. Fisher Reservoir	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piętki-Basie (ˈpjɛntki ˈbaɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Piętki-Basie	Gmina Klukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gnaviyani Atoll is one of the administrative divisions of the Maldives corresponding to the natural atoll, Fuvahmulah.	Gnaviyani Atoll	Maldives
located in the administrative territorial entity	Satiari (Persian: ساتياري‎, also Romanized as Sātīārī and Sātī Yārī) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District, Bayangan District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Satiari	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prairie Chapel Ranch is a 1,583 acre (6.4 km²) ranch in unincorporated McLennan County, Texas, located 7 miles (11 km) northwest of Crawford (about 25 miles (40 km) from Waco).	Prairie Chapel Ranch	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisqafizan (Persian: بيسقفيزن‎, also Romanized as Bīsqafīzan) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bisqafizan	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charuq Duz Mahalleh (Persian: چاروق دوزمحله‎, also Romanized as Chārūq Dūz Maḩalleh) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Charuq Duz Mahalleh	Rudboneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazon Station was a small Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway station in Mazon, Illinois.	Mazon Station	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallsborough Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Midlothian, Chesterfield County, Virginia.	Hallsborough Tavern	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fanatorget is a shopping mall in Ytrebygda district in Bergen.	Fanatorget	Ytrebygda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aandiruppu, formerly Aandiruppu, Naalur Thiruvidaimaruthur Vouraatchi, is a village located at the southern end of Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, about 25 kilometres (16 mi) from the toen of Kumbakonam.	Aandiruppu	Thanjavur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robaczewo (rɔbaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Robaczewo	Gmina Nidzica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skowronno Dolne (skɔˈvrɔnnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skowronno Dolne	Gmina Pińczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Bahri (Persian: اببحري‎, also Romanized as Āb Baḩrī and Āb-e Baḩrī) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Bahri	Kiskan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sępólno County (Polish: powiat sępoleński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland.	Sępólno County	Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bullfrog Hills are a small range of mountains in southern Nye County, Nevada.	Bullfrog Hills	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szlatyn (ˈʂlatɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szlatyn	Gmina Jarczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Legion State Forest Trails is a system of Blue-Blazed hiking trails in the Pleasant Valley section of Barkhamsted, Connecticut.	American Legion State Forest Trails	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Jyväsjärvi (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈjyvæsˌjærvi)) is a lake situated in the centre of Jyväskylä in Finland.	Jyväsjärvi	Jyväskylä
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hassayampa River (Yavapai: Hasaya:mvo or ʼHasayamcho:) is an intermittent river, the headwaters of which are just south of Prescott, Arizona, United States, and flows mostly south towards Wickenburg entering the Gila River near Hassayampa, Arizona.	Hassayampa River	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Baker (Lummi: Qwú’mə Kwəlshéːn; Nooksack: Kw’eq Smaenit or Kwelshán), also known as Koma Kulshan or simply Kulshan, is an active glaciated andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the North Cascades of Washington in the United States.	Mount Baker	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merrimack Canal is a power canal in Lowell, Massachusetts.	Merrimack Canal	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Star Garage (also known as the Crawford and Davis Livery Stable or Poole-Gable Motors) is a U.S. historic building in Gainesville, Florida.	Star Garage	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Tabatbayi (Persian: محمدابادطباطبايي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Ţabāţbāyī) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Tabatbayi	Khvormiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Khalilabad (Persian: كلاته خليل اباد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khalīlābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Khalīlzādeh and Khalīlābād) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District, Lotfabad District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Khalilabad	Zangelanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center is a for-profit hospital in Reno, Nevada.	Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leiderdorp (Dutch pronunciation: (lɛi̯dərˈdɔrp)) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland near the city of Leiden.	Leiderdorp	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grinnell Regional Medical Center (GRMC) is an 49-bed rural community hospital in Grinnell, Iowa.	Grinnell Regional Medical Center	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saray-e Malek (Persian: سراي ملك‎, also Romanized as Sarāy-e Malek; also known as Sarā-ye Malek) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Saray-e Malek	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ploski (ˈplɔski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ploski	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunset Zoo, also known as Sunset Zoological Park, is the city zoo of Manhattan, Kansas, and is home to over 300 animals representing more than 100 species.	Sunset Zoo	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Manuel Felipe Carrera, also known as Estadio El Trébol, is a football (soccer) stadium in Guatemala City, Guatemala.	Estadio El Trébol	Guatemala City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Fakhrabi (Persian: مزرعه فخرابي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Fakhrābī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Fakhrabi	Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louis G. Redstone Residential Historic District consists of three houses located on Appoline Street in the Greenwich Park neighborhood in northwest Detroit along with the perimeter brick wall that encloses their common rear yards, an outdoor cook stove incorporated into the wall and a small wading pool decorated with stylized snail sculptures by artist Samuel Cashwan.	Louis G. Redstone Residential Historic District	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellwood P. Cubberley High School was one of three public high schools in Palo Alto, California.	Ellwood P. Cubberley High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queen Elizabeth Collegiate and Vocational Institute (QECVI), or ``QE'', is a High School in north Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Queen Elizabeth Collegiate and Vocational Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rambler Channel Typhoon Shelter (Chinese: 藍巴勒海峽避風塘) is a typhoon shelter in the Rambler Channel, near Kwai Chung, Hong Kong.	Rambler Channel Typhoon Shelter	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Army Theatre, also known as Trailside Museum, is a former theater, now a museum, at the former Fort Robinson in Crawford, Nebraska.	Army Theatre	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goli Khun (Persian: گلي خون‎, also Romanized as Golī Khūn; also known as Golī Khān, Kolī Khān, and Qolī Khān) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Goli Khun	Tombi Golgir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Graham-Crocker House is a historic home located at 30 North Main Street, Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland, United States.	Graham-Crocker House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verquigneul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais Departments of France in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Verquigneul	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parvin State Park, located in the southwestern part of New Jersey is a park whose history is as varied as its wildlife.	Parvin State Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Feehan High School is a co-educational Catholic high school in Attleboro, Massachusetts, which used to be located in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Bishop Feehan High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Rais (Persian: علي رئيس‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Ra’īs) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 431, in 110 families.	Ali Rais	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anar-e Sorkh Pust (Persian: انارسرخ پوست‎, also Romanized as Anār-e Sorkh Pūst; also known as Anār-e Sorkh) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Anar-e Sorkh Pust	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radynia (raˈdɨɲa) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.	Radynia	Gmina Głubczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palo Verde Mountains are a mountain range in northeastern Imperial County, California.	Palo Verde Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiger Field (FAA LID: N58) is a public use airport owned by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management and located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Fernley, a city in Lyon County, Nevada, United States.	Tiger Field	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitman Park is a historic park near the center of the town of Whitman, Massachusetts.	Whitman Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Conde, located in Mobile, Alabama, United States is a reconstruction, at 4/5 scale, as a third of the original 1720s French Fort Condé at the site.	Fort Conde	Mobile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muju County (Muju-gun), is a county in North Jeolla Province (Jeollabuk-do), South Korea.	Muju County	North Jeolla Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craigmillar (Scottish Gaelic: Creag a' Mhuilleir), from the Gaelic Crag Maol Ard, meaning 'High Bare Rock', is an area of Edinburgh, Scotland about 3 miles (4.8 km) south east of the city centre, with Duddingston to the north and Newcraighall to the east.	Craigmillar	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alyzeia (Greek: Αλύζεια) was an ancient Greek city in Acarnania.	Alyzeia	Acarnania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Third Presbyterian Church Parsonage is a historic Presbyterian parsonage at 1068 E. Blaine Avenue in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Third Presbyterian Church Parsonage	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yelland is a small village in North Devon between Instow and Fremington in the English county of Devon.	Yelland	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yerak (Persian: يرك‎) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Yerak	Alamut-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Block (officially the Western Departmental Building; in French: Édifice administratif de l'ouest) is one of the three buildings on Parliament Hill, in Ottawa, Ontario, containing offices for parliamentarians, as well as some preserved pre-Confederation spaces.	West Block	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sushi Yasuda is a Japanese sushi restaurant located at 204 East 43rd Street (between Second Avenue and Third Avenue) in the Grand Central area of Midtown Manhattan, in New York City.	Sushi Yasuda	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Bid Sukhteh (Persian: حسين ابادبيدسوخته‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Bīd Sūkhteh; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Bid Sukhteh	Kezab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard Kharan (Persian: بردخران‎, also Romanized as Bard Kharān; also known as Bard Khvārān and Bar Dokhtarān) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bard Kharan	Javid-e Mahuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachalanlu (Persian: كچلانلو‎, also Romanized as Kachalānlū; also known as Kachalan) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kachalanlu	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abergwyngregyn is a village and community of historical note in Gwynedd, a county and principal area in Wales.	Abergwyngregyn	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capella Tower (also 225 South Sixth) is a skyscraper in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA.	Capella Tower	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Srinagarind Dam (also known as the Srinakarin Dam; Thai: เขื่อนศรีนครินทร์; rtgs: Khuean Sinakharin) is an embankment dam on the Khwae Yai river in Si Sawat District of Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand.	Srinagarind Dam	Si Sawat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emmanuel's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 30 W. Warren Street in Germantown, Ohio.	Emmanuel's Evangelical Lutheran Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Virts House, also known as the Uriah Beans House, is a historic home located near Waterford, Loudoun County, Virginia.	William Virts House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mobile Downtown Airport (IATA: BFM, ICAO: KBFM, FAA LID: BFM) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Mobile, a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.	Mobile Downtown Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pennsauken Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Pennsauken Township, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Pennsauken Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goleniowy (ɡɔlɛˈɲɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Goleniowy	Gmina Szczekociny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Vosta (Persian: علي ابادوسطي‎, also Romanized as ``Ālīābād-e Vosţá) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 15 families.	Aliabad-e Vosta	Karezan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veddel is a quarter (Stadtteil) in the Hamburg-Mitte borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg on the homonymous island in the Elbe river, in northern Germany.	Veddel	Hamburg-Mitte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reichelsheim (Odenwald) is a community in the Odenwaldkreis (district) in Hesse, Germany.	Reichelsheim (Odenwald)	Odenwaldkreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sandhubel is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located south of Arosa in the canton of Graubünden.	Sandhubel	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulare Hill is a prominent hill in the Santa Teresa Hills of western Santa Clara County, California.	Tulare Hill	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tawachiche West River is located in the Municipality of Lac-aux-Sables (the mouth is 9.5 km North of the village of Hervey-Jonction), in the administrative region of Mauricie, in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Tawachiche West River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klonowo Górne (klɔˈnɔvɔ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klonowo Górne	Gmina Przywidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rębków (ˈrɛmpkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rębków	Gmina Garwolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Subansiri district (Pron:/su:bənˈsɪɹi/) is one of the 17 administrative districts of the state of Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India.	Lower Subansiri district	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalvari (Persian: كلواري‎, also Romanized as Kalvārī) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kalvari	Manj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leptis Magna Museum is an archaeological museum that is located in Khoms, Libya.	Leptis Magna Museum	Khoms
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Webb Horton House, is an ornate 40-room mansion in Middletown, New York, United States, designed by local architect Frank Lindsey.	Webb Horton House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limburg (Weilheim an der Teck) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Limburg (Weilheim an der Teck)	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cotton Theatre, also known as Regent Theatre and Oster Regent Theatre, is a theater located at the corner of 1st Street and Main Street in downtown Cedar Falls, Iowa, United States.	Cotton Theatre	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bruce Peninsula is a peninsula in Ontario, Canada, that lies between Georgian Bay and the main basin of Lake Huron.	Bruce Peninsula	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Maitland is a dry salt lake located approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) south east of Wiluna, in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Lake Maitland	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Pol Abgineh (Persian: احمدابادپل ابگينه‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Pol Ābgīneh; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Balyan Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Pol Abgineh	Balyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBGD (91.9 FM) was a high school radio station based in Brick Township, New Jersey, started at Brick Township High School and later broadcast from Brick Memorial High School.	WBGD	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Vilbel station is located at the 183.6 kilometre mark of the Main-Weser Railway in the town of Bad Vilbel in the German state of Hesse.	Bad Vilbel station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dharugapuram (Tamil:தாருகாபுரம்) is a panchayat Village in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Dharugapuram	Tirunelveli district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kargahi (Persian: كارگهي‎, also Romanized as Kārgahī) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kargahi	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warren H. Doane Diamond at Memorial Field is a stadium located in Concord, New Hampshire.	Warren H. Doane Diamond	Concord
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warnors Theatre is an historic theater located in downtown Fresno, California.	Warnors Theatre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dimmsville Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Dimmsville, Greenwood Township, Juniata County, Pennsylvania.	Dimmsville Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adolph Brower House is located at the corner of Division and Water streets in New Hamburg, New York, United States, opposite the Abraham Brower House.	Adolph Brower House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prawy Las (ˈpravɨ ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Prawy Las	Gmina Przerośl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sevlievo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Севлиево) is a municipality (obshtina) in Gabrovo Province, North-central Bulgaria, located in the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan between Stara planina mountain and the Danubian Plain.	Sevlievo Municipality	Gabrovo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żychlewo (ʐɨˈxlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Żychlewo	Gmina Krobia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William A. Buckingham House, also known as Buckingham Memorial Hall, is a historic house a fraternal hall at 307 Main Street in Norwich, Connecticut.	William A. Buckingham House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatapudi village is belonging to Ramachandara Puram Taluka in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh State of India.	Tatapudi	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middleburg AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the northern Piedmont region of Virginia, 50 miles (80 km) west of Washington, D.C..	Middleburg AVA	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reedville Creek Park is a municipal park in the Reedville neighborhood of Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Reedville Creek Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is now home to the Machynys Peninsula Golf and Country Club which hosted the Wales Ladies Championship of Europe from 2005-2008.	Machynys	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottweiler (Saar) station is centrally located in the town of Ottweiler in the German state of the Saarland on the Nahe Valley Railway, which was opened in 1860.	Ottweiler (Saar) station	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boldraž (pronounced (ˈboːldɾaʃ)) is a small settlement north of the town of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Boldraž	Metlika
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tymin (ˈtɨmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Tymin	Gmina Tarnawatka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boler Mountain, is the home of the London Ski Club in London, Ontario.	Boler Mountain	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wesermünde Geest (German: Wesermünder Geest) is the collective name for several geest ridges in the west of Cuxhaven district and Bremen's North Borough in northern Germany.	Wesermünde Geest	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yoxford is a village in the east of Suffolk, England close to the Heritage Coast, Minsmere Reserve (RSPB), Aldeburgh and Southwold.	Yoxford	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Edmonton Footbridge is a pedestrian bridge that crosses the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Fort Edmonton Footbridge	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzhuthivakkam, commonly known as Ullagaram-Puzhuthivakkam, is one of the southern suburbs of Chennai.	Puzhuthivakkam	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gering High School (GHS) is the only high school in Gering, Nebraska, United States.	Gering High School	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central State University, commonly referred to as CSU, is a historically black university (HBCU) located in Wilberforce, Ohio, United States.	Central State University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Peter's, Eastern Hill is the Anglican parish church of the City of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	St Peter's, Eastern Hill	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum is located at the Whitefish Point Light Station 11 miles (18 km) north of Paradise in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baluchyn (Ukrainian: Балучин) is a village in Busk Raion (district) of Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine.	Baluchyn	Busk Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koreh Muchi (Persian: كره موچي‎, also Romanized as Koreh Mūchī; also known as Koremochī) is a village in Sigar Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Koreh Muchi	Sigar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brecksville-Northfield High Level Bridge is a bridge in Greater Cleveland, Ohio, U.S., connecting Brecksville in Cuyahoga County with Sagamore Hills Township in Summit County.	Brecksville-Northfield High Level Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sheffield Supertram (officially the Stagecoach Supertram) is an English light rail tram system in the city of Sheffield, South Yorkshire.	Sheffield Supertram	South Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coalmont Bank Building, also known as Sewanee Fuel & Iron Company Building, is an historic building in Coalmont, Tennessee, United States, that now serves as the city hall and local library.	Coalmont Bank Building	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamienko (jaˈmjɛnkɔ) (German: Königsgnade) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Jamienko	Gmina Tuczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasand (Persian: پاسند‎, also Romanized as Pāsand) is a village in Panj Hezareh Rural District, in the Central District of Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pasand	Panj Hezareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The State Farm Arena is a multi-purpose complex, in Hidalgo, Texas.	State Farm Arena	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domkowo (dɔmˈkɔvɔ) (German: Domkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Domkowo	Gmina Grunwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathan Lester House is a historic house museum on Vinegar Hill Road in the Gales Ferry section of Ledyard, Connecticut.	Nathan Lester House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spirit of St. Louis Airport (IATA: SUS, ICAO: KSUS, FAA LID: SUS) is a public airport located 17 miles (27 km) west of the central business district of St. Louis, in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.	Spirit of St. Louis Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godar Shahri (Persian: گدارشهري‎, also Romanized as Godār Shahrī) is a village in Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Godar Shahri	Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Getty Research Institute (GRI), located at the Getty Center in Los Angeles, California, is ``dedicated to furthering knowledge and advancing understanding of the visual arts''.	Getty Research Institute	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coombs Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge which carries Coombs Bridge Road over the Ashuelot River in northern Winchester, New Hampshire.	Coombs Covered Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Zarrin Kola (Persian: بالازرين كلا‎, also Romanized as Bālā Zarrīn Kolā; also known as Zarrīn Kolā-ye Bālā) is a village in Larim Rural District, Gil Khuran District, Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Zarrin Kola	Larim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jardin botanique de l'Evêché (Botanical Garden of the Bishopric, 2 hectares), also known as the Jardin botanique de Limoges, is a botanical garden located behind the Cathedral and Musée de l'Evêché in Limoges, Haute-Vienne, Limousin, France.	Jardin botanique de l'Evêché	Limoges
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Earl Burns Miller Japanese Garden is a Japanese garden encompassing 1.3 acres (0.53 ha) on the campus of California State University, Long Beach, in Long Beach, California, USA.	Earl Burns Miller Japanese Garden	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passendale (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈpɑsəndaˑlə)) or Passchendaele (obsolete spelling, retained in English) is a rural Belgian village in the Zonnebeke municipality of West Flanders province.	Passendale	Zonnebeke
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohukały (bɔxuˈkawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Bohukały	Gmina Terespol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarrin Choqa (Persian: زرين چقا‎, also Romanized as Zarrīn Choqā) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zarrin Choqa	Hasanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delaware State University (also referred to as DSU, DESU, or Del State), is an American historically black, public university located in Dover, Delaware.	Delaware State University	Dover
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanag Lai (Persian: تنگ لايي‎, also Romanized as Tanag Lā’ī and Tanak Lā’ī) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tanag Lai	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antrim County Airport (IATA: ACB, ICAO: KACB, FAA LID: ACB) is a county-owned public-use airport located one mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Bellaire, a village in Antrim County, Michigan, United States.	Antrim County Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Archaeological Site (9FL5) is a protohistoric Native American archaeological site located on the Coosa River in Floyd County, Georgia.	King Archaeological Site	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murkle is a small scattered hamlet, made up of East Murkle and West Murkle located 1 mile east of Thurso, in Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Murkle	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Camera Club is the leading amateur photographic organization in Boston, Massachusetts and vicinity.	Boston Camera Club	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palace Lodge is a historic commercial building in the small town of Winslow, Indiana, United States.	Palace Lodge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nor Yauyos-Cochas Landscape Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Paisajística Nor Yauyos-Cochas) is a protected area in Peru located in the Lima Region, Yauyos Province and in the Junín Region, Jauja Province.	Nor Yauyos-Cochas Landscape Reserve	Lima Region	Junín Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estádio Municipal Coronel José Bezerra, nicknamed Bezerrão, is a football stadium located in Currais Novos, Rio Grande do Norte state, Brazil.	Estádio Municipal Coronel José Bezerra	Currais Novos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gankhak-e Kowra (Persian: گنخك كورا‎, also Romanized as Gankhak-e Kowrā and Gonkhak-e Kowrā; also known as Kowrā and Kūrā) is a village in Kaki Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gankhak-e Kowra	Kaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawlemont Regional Elementary School is a public elementary school located in Charlemont, Massachusetts, United States.	Hawlemont Regional Elementary School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Povrly (German Pömmerle or Pömerle) is a village and municipality (obec) in Ústí nad Labem District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Povrly	Ústí nad Labem District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kesterson National Wildlife Refuge is an artificial wetland environment, created using agricultural runoff from farmland in California's Central Valley.	Kesterson National Wildlife Refuge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gijang County is a gun, or county, located between Haeundae-gu and Ulsan in northern Busan, South Korea.	Gijang County	Busan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emmett Kelly Museum in Sedan, Kansas, nominally honors their native son, the famed circus clown.	Emmett Kelly Museum	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	P. H. Hoeft State Park is located 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Rogers City, Michigan, on US 23 in Presque Isle County.	Hoeft State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naches Pass (elevation 4,928 feet (1,502 m)) is a mountain pass of the Cascade Range in the state of Washington.	Naches Pass	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peaks Ice Arena is an indoor ice hockey arena in Provo, Utah, United States, located 43 miles (69 km) south of Salt Lake City.	Peaks Ice Arena	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghirardelli Square is a landmark public square with shops and restaurants in the Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco, California.	Ghirardelli Square	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balvenie Castle is a ruined castle near Dufftown in the Moray region of Scotland.	Balvenie Castle	Dufftown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gen. John Lacey Homestead is a historic home located at Wycombe, Buckingham Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Gen. John Lacey Homestead	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shepherd School of Music is a university school of music located on the campus of Rice University in Houston, Texas.	Shepherd School of Music	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziadyk (ˈd͡ʑadɨk) (German: Greisenau; before 1877: Dziadek) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dziadyk	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damerham is a village and civil parish in Hampshire, England, located near to Fordingbridge.	Damerham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Also in the village are Holyport Church of England Primary School and Holyport Cricket Club.	Holyport	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Meleh (Persian: قشلاق مله‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Meleh) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Meleh	Khvor Khvoreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port Fairy to Warrnambool Important Bird Area comprises a 14 km2 strip of coastal land lying between the town of Port Fairy to the west and the regional city of Warrnambool to the east, in south-western Victoria, Australia.	Port Fairy to Warrnambool Important Bird Area	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwegian National Road 191 (Norwegian: Riksvei 191) runs down Groruddalen in Oslo from north to south.	Norwegian National Road 191	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pabay Mòr or Pabaigh Mòr is an uninhabited island in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.	Pabaigh Mòr	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stockyards Exchange is a building in South St. Paul, Minnesota, United States, built in 1887 by the recently formed Union Stock Yards Company of Omaha.	Stockyards Exchange	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willard Brook State Forest is a Massachusetts state park located in the towns of Ashby and Townsend about 50 miles (80 km) from Boston.	Willard Brook State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuz Bashi (Persian: يوزباشي‎, also Romanized as Yūz Bāshī; also known as Yoozbash Cha’i and Yūzmāshe) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Yuz Bashi	Shivanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charłub (ˈxarwup) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Charłub	Gmina Książ Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makh (Persian: ماخ‎, also Romanized as Mākh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Makh	Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walter P. Chrysler Museum, which opened in October 1999, is located in Auburn Hills, Michigan.	Walter P. Chrysler Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chotkowo (xɔtˈkɔvɔ) (German: Kathkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chotkowo	Gmina Borzytuchom
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tiny Marsh Provincial Wildlife Area, located in Simcoe County, Central Ontario, Canada, is Ontario's first provincially owned and managed wetland and is one of approximately 1200 Important Bird Areas recognized in Canada.	Tiny Marsh Provincial Wildlife Area	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadłub Turawski (ˈkadwup tuˈrafski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kadłub Turawski	Gmina Turawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Tarman (Persian: حسين ابادترمان‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Tarmān; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Tarmān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Tarman	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nome mining district, also known as the Cape Nome mining district, is a gold mining district in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Nome mining district	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyndon B. Johnson State Park and Historic Site is a state park located along the Pedernales River in Gillespie County, Texas, United States west of Johnson City and east of Fredericksburg.	Lyndon B. Johnson State Park and Historic Site	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adegan (Persian: عادگان‎, also Romanized as ``Ādegān and Adgān; also known as Adgūn and Adkān) is a village in Zayandeh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 698, in 167 families.	Adegan	Zayandeh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Diner, now called The Elmwood Diner and formerly or also known as Liberty Elm Diner, Jenn's Elmwood Diner, Ole Elmwood Diner, Liberty Elm Diner, or Worcester Lunch Car Company Diner #806, is a historic diner at 777 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island.	Central Diner	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fasken Center is a complex of two 182-foot-tall (55 m) high-rise buildings in the downtown business district of Midland, Texas.	Fasken Center	Midland	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blanche Kelso Bruce Academy is the name given to several charter schools within the Detroit Public Schools in Detroit, Michigan, currently serving 345 students in grades 5-12.	Blanche Kelso Bruce Academy	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moritz Bergstein Shoddy Mill and Warehouse are two historic industrial buildings in Stillwater, Minnesota, United States, in which Jewish German immigrant Moritz Bergstein conducted his recycling business circa 1890 to 1910.	Moritz Bergstein Shoddy Mill and Warehouse	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn Quarter is a neighborhood in the East End of Downtown Washington, D.C. north of Pennsylvania Avenue, NW.	Penn Quarter	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Incheh-ye Khoda Bandehlu (Persian: اينچه خدابنده لو‎, also Romanized as Īncheh-ye Khodā Bandehlū; also known as Aincha and Īncheh) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Incheh-ye Khoda Bandehlu	Khararud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colden Family Cemetery is a Registered Historic Place in the Town of Montgomery in Orange County, New York.	Colden Family Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Barfi (Persian: كلاته برفي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Barfī) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Barfi	Tus Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sungkyunkwan University (SKKU or simply Seongdae) is a private research university with campuses in Seoul and Suwon.	Sungkyunkwan University	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barguwan or Bargaon is a village in the Nadigaon block of the Jalaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Barguwan	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crawfordton House is a category B listed 19th-century country house, situated close to Moniaive in Dumfriesshire, Scotland.	Crawfordton House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle's Nest Arena is an indoor arena located on the California State University, Los Angeles campus.	Eagle's Nest Arena	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Mews is a private gated street in New York City between Fifth Avenue and University Place just north of Washington Square Park.	Washington Mews	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatfield Marine Science Center (HMSC) is a marine science research and education center next to Yaquina Bay of the Pacific Ocean in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Hatfield Marine Science Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradninch is a small town and former manor in Devon, England, lying about three miles south of Cullompton.	Bradninch	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Mountain House Annex, also known as The Log Hotel, is a historic hotel located on the grounds of the Adirondack Museum at Blue Mountain Lake in Hamilton County, New York.	Blue Mountain House Annex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norsborg metro station is the end station on the red line of the Stockholm metro, located in Norsborg, Botkyrka Municipality.	Norsborg metro station	Botkyrka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bronx Library Center, a branch of the New York Public Library, is located at 310 East Kingsbridge Road in the Bronx, New York City, situated just off Fordham Road, and several blocks away from Grand Concourse.	Bronx Library Center	The Bronx
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bąków-Kolonia (ˈbɔnkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bąków-Kolonia	Gmina Rusinów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newnham Murren is a hamlet in the Thames Valley in South Oxfordshire, about 0.5 miles (800 m) east of the market town of Wallingford.	Newnham Murren	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Yonge is a retail and entertainment district centred on Yonge Street in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Downtown Yonge	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tobey Homestead is a historic farmhouse at Main Street and Sandwich Road in Wareham, Massachusetts.	Tobey Homestead	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHKC is an American non-profit religious FM radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of Columbus, Ohio.	WHKC	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wallow Fire, named for the Bear Wallow Wilderness area where the fire originated, was a wildfire in eastern Arizona and a small part of western New Mexico, United States, in the White Mountains near Alpine.	Wallow Fire	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kompocie (kɔmˈpɔt͡ɕe), (Lithuanian: Kampuočiai), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Kompocie	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalbajar District (Azerbaijani: Kəlbəcər, Kurdish: Kelbecer‎) is a district of Azerbaijan.	Kalbajar District	Azerbaijan
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Marks River State Park which opened in 2007, is the 161st Florida State Park, located about 10 miles east of Tallahassee, south of U.S. Highway 27.	St. Marks River State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico (MCAF Quantico) (IATA: NYG, ICAO: KNYG, FAA LID: NYG) is a United States Marine Corps airfield located within Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia.	Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solares Hill is the highest point of land on the island of Key West in the lower Florida Keys in Monroe County, Florida.	Solares Hill	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Abed (Persian: بنه عابد‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye ``Ābed) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 224, in 47 families.	Boneh-ye Abed	Deris Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moama (/moʊˈɑːmə/ or /moʊˈæmə/) is a town in the Riverina district of southern New South Wales, Australia, in the Murray Shire local government area.	Moama	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar Goli (Persian: حصارگلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Golī and Ḩeşār Qolī) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hesar Goli	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Creek Mine Ride is a mine train roller coaster at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.	Cedar Creek Mine Ride	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glover Mausoleum, also known as the Glover Vault, is a Greek Revival mausoleum located within the Riverside Cemetery in Demopolis, Marengo County, Alabama.	Glover Mausoleum	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pratt & Whitney Stadium at Rentschler Field is a stadium in East Hartford, Connecticut.	Pratt & Whitney Stadium at Rentschler Field	East Hartford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiricahua National Monument is a unit of the National Park System located in the Chiricahua Mountains of southeastern Arizona.	Chiricahua National Monument	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Mainburg (English: Mainburg administrative partnership) lies in Kelheim, a district in Lower Bavaria, Germany.	Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Mainburg	Kelheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilgit District (Urdu: ضلع گلگت‎) is one of the districts of the Gilgit-- Baltistan territory in northern Pakistan.	Gilgit District	Gilgit-- Baltistan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hill of Fearn (Scottish Gaelic: Baile an Droma) is a small village near Tain in Easter Ross, in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Hill of Fearn	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newburgh Colored Burial Ground is a historic cemetery and national historic district located at Newburgh in Orange County, New York.	Newburgh Colored Burial Ground	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Vegas High School is a public high school in unincorporated Sunrise Manor, Nevada, part of the Clark County School District.	Las Vegas High School	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greene Valley Provincial Park is a provincial park east of the Town of Peace River Alberta in the Northern Sunrise County.	Greene Valley Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reids Flat is a small historic village (population 50) sited on the south bank of the Lachlan River, approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) southeast of Wyangala, in the northeastern corner of Boorowa Shire, in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, hidden in the Great Dividing Range.	Reids Flat	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pargeh (Persian: پرگه‎, also Romanized as Pargīa, Pargya, and Parkeh) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Pargeh	Pain Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Gate Woods is part of a forest preserve within the Palos Division of the Forest Preserve District of Cook County, Illinois.	Red Gate Woods	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jhalawar district (Rajasthani: झालावाड जिल्हा) is one of the 33 districts of Rajasthan state in western India.	Jhalawar district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penshurst Place is a historic building near Tonbridge, Kent, 32 miles (51 km) south east of London, England.	Penshurst Place	Tonbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadhempston is a small village within the Teignbridge District Council Area in the County of Devon in the South West of England (``The West Country'').	Broadhempston	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centennial Regional High School (CRHS) is a co-educational comprehensive public high school located in the Greenfield Park borough of Longueuil, Quebec, Canada, a suburb of Montreal.	Centennial Regional High School	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ak-Sar-Ben Bridge was a truss bridge that was the first road bridge to cross the Missouri River connecting Omaha, Nebraska and Council Bluffs, Iowa.	Ak-Sar-Ben Bridge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abramy (aˈbramɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Abramy	Gmina Kałuszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colwall is a large village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England, situated on the border with Worcestershire, nestling on the western side of the Malvern Hills at the heart of the AONB.	Colwall	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slayter Center of Performing Arts is located on the main campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana, USA.	Slayter Center of Performing Arts	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laforêt is a village in the municipality of Vresse-sur-Semois, in Belgium.	Laforêt	Vresse-sur-Semois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanurjeh (Persian: تنورجه‎, also Romanized as Tanūrjeh and Tanoorjeh; also known as Tanūrah, Tanūrcheh, Tonvareh, and Tonvarjeh) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh District, Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tanurjeh	Barkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenters' Hall is a two-story brick building in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, that was a key meeting place in the early history of the United States.	Carpenters' Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Booth State Scenic Corridor (also known as Booth State Wayside or Booth State Park) is a state park in the U.S. state of Oregon, administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.	Booth State Scenic Corridor	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neubrügg or Neubrücke (English: New Bridge) is a covered wooden bridge over the Aare river between the municipalities of Kirchlindach and Bern in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Neubrügg	Kirchlindach	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shutavar (Persian: شوتاور‎, also Romanized as Shūtāvar, Shootavar, and Showtāvar) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shutavar	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village has a football team, Blunsdon FC, which has youth development squads as well as a senior men's side playing in the Wiltshire League.	Blunsdon	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durham Memorial A.M.E. Zion Church, formerly known as St. Luke's A.M.E. Zion Church until the late 1950s, is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Durham Memorial A.M.E. Zion Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moody Coliseum is an 7,000-seat multi-purpose arena in University Park (an inner suburb of Dallas), Texas, United States.	Moody Coliseum	University Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qush-e Kohneh (Persian: قوش كهنه‎, also Romanized as Qūsh-e Kohneh) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qush-e Kohneh	Sarakhs Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hart-Montague Trail State Park is a linear state park in Michigan consisting of a bicycle trail running from the city of Montague in Muskegon County to the city of Hart in Oceana County.	Hart-Montague Trail State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aktuluk (formerly Türüşmek; Kurdish: Troşmek) is a village in the central (Tunceli) district of Tunceli Province, Turkey.	Aktuluk	Tunceli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holtwood, Pennsylvania is a village in Martic Township, Lancaster County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Holtwood, Pennsylvania	Lancaster County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morbi or Morvi is a city and a municipality in Morbi district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Morbi	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHQT, Hot 105 FM, is an Urban Adult Contemporary-formatted radio station owned by Cox Media Group that serves the South Florida region.	WHQT	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The State Art and Sculpture Museum (Turkish: Resim ve Heykel Müzesi) is a museum dedicated to fine arts and sculpture in Ankara, Turkey.	State Art and Sculpture Museum	Ankara
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cedar Fort School is a historic two-room schoolhouse on Center Street in the center of Cedar Fort, Utah.	Cedar Fort School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komandorsky Nature Reserve (Russian: Командо́рский госуда́рственный биосфе́рный запове́дник) is a zapovednik (nature reserve) located on the Commander Islands, Kamchatka Krai, Russia.	Komandorsky Nature Reserve	Kamchatka Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winona Masonic Temple is a historic Masonic Temple in Winona, Minnesota, United States, completed in 1909.	Winona Masonic Temple	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kateh Mian (Persian: كته ميان‎, also Romanized as Kateh Mīān; also known as Kat-e Mīān) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District, in the Central District of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kateh Mian	Sarpaniran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osterholz is a district (Landkreis) in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Osterholz	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh Khaneh-ye Sabzab (Persian: تلمبه خانه سبزاب‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh Khāneh-ye Sabzāb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tolombeh Khaneh-ye Sabzab	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prince of Wales Bridge was joined by the CPR's Royal Alexandra Interprovincial Bridge in 1901, the second railway bridge to cross the river between Ottawa and Hull.	Prince of Wales Bridge	Hull
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thekkemala is a small sub-village of Kozhencherry in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.	Thekkemala	Pathanamthitta district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Shemshara is an archaeological site located along the Little Zab in Sulaymaniyah Governorate, northeastern Iraq.	Tell Shemshara	Iraq
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udny Mort House is a category B listed building in the old kirkyard at Udny Green, Aberdeenshire, north-east Scotland, built in 1832.	Udny Mort House	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kœtzingue (Alemannic German: Ketzige; German: Kötzingen) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Kœtzingue	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huntley Project is an irrigation project in southern Montana that was established by the United States Bureau of Reclamation in 1907.	Huntley Project	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pandu Rajar Dhibi (Bengali: পাণ্ডু রাজার ঢিপি) is an archaeological site in Ausgram block in the Sadar North subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Pandu Rajar Dhibi	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Browns Park National Wildlife Refuge is a 13,450-acre (5,440 ha) U.S. National Wildlife Refuge located in northwestern Colorado.	Browns Park National Wildlife Refuge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historical Museum of the Palatinate (German: Historisches Museum der Pfalz) is a museum in the city of Speyer in the Palatinate region of the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Historical Museum of the Palatinate	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paraszyno (paraˈʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Paraszyno	Gmina Łęczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirvan County (Persian: شهرستان سیروان‎) is a county in Ilam Province in Iran.	Sirvan County	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norman Switzerland (French: Suisse Normande) is a part of Normandy, France, in the border region of the departments Calvados and Orne.	Norman Switzerland	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azmighan (Persian: ازميغان‎, also Romanized as Az̄mīghān; also known as Ezmīqān) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Azmighan	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Covina Center for the Performing Arts is an historic theater located in Covina, California, dedicated to the advancement of theatre.	Covina Center for the Performing Arts	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahooab (Persian: آهوآب ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ahooab	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knoxville National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Knoxville, Knox County, Tennessee, United States.	Knoxville National Cemetery	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southland Park Gaming and Racing is a casino and greyhound racetrack in West Memphis, Arkansas.	Southland Park Gaming and Racing	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narragansett Park was an American race track for Thoroughbred horse racing in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.	Narragansett Park	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Symbister House is a former country house in Symbister, Whalsay island, in the Shetland islands of Scotland.	Symbister House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge (also known as the South Capitol Street Bridge) is a swing bridge that carries South Capitol Street over the Anacostia River in Washington, D.C. It was built in 1950 and named after abolitionist Frederick Douglass.	Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Agnes Episcopal Church is an historic redbrick Gothic Revival Episcopal church building located at 27 Church Street in Franklin, Macon County, North Carolina.	Saint Agnes Episcopal Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żupawa (ʐuˈpava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Żupawa	Gmina Grębów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tongguanshan District (simplified Chinese: 铜官山区; traditional Chinese: 銅官山區; pinyin: Tóngguānshān Qū) is a district under the administration of Tongling City in, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China.	Tongguanshan District	Tongling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morshi (Marathi:मोर्शी ) is a town in Amravati district of Maharashtra.	Morshi	Amravati district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mollie Kathleen Gold Mine is a historic vertical shaft mine near Cripple Creek, Colorado.	Mollie Kathleen Gold Mine	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pinacoteca Tosio Martinengo is a public art collection in Brescia, Lombardy, northern Italy, exhibiting mainly paintings by local artists from the 13th through 18th centuries.	Pinacoteca Tosio Martinengo	Brescia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lagga Church (Swedish: Lagga kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Knivsta Municipality in the province of Uppland, Sweden.	Lagga Church	Knivsta Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	George C. Boldt Yacht House is an historic yacht house located on the northeast shore of Wellesley Island near Alexandria Bay in Jefferson County, New York.	George C. Boldt Yacht House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tapin Regency is one of regencies in the Indonesian province of South Kalimantan, the capital is Rantau.	Tapin Regency	South Kalimantan	Rantau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gallery Golf Club is located east of Marana, Arizona, northwest of Tucson at Dove Mountain.	The Gallery Golf Club	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ford Wixom Assembly Plant is a former Ford Motor Company automobile assembly plant in Wixom, Michigan, United States.	Wixom Assembly Plant	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Largichi (Persian: لارگيچي‎, also Romanized as Lārgīchī) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Largichi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maywood Woman's Club, also known as the American Woman's League Building, in Corning, California was built in 1909.	Maywood Woman's Club	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cuyahoga Falls City School District is a public school district located in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, United States.	Cuyahoga Falls City School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Stefano Quisquina (Sicilian: Santu Stèfanu Quisquina) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) south of Palermo and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Agrigento.	Santo Stefano Quisquina	Province of Agrigento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrków Borowski (ˈpjɔtrkuf bɔˈrɔfski) (German: Petrigau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Piotrków Borowski	Gmina Borów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joe Bell Site (9MG28) is an archaeological site located in Morgan County, Georgia underneath Lake Oconee, but prior to the 1970s, it was located south of the mouth of the Apalachee River on the western bank of the Oconee River.	Joe Bell Site	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramapo Reformed Church (formerly the Dutch Reformed Church at Romopock) is a historic church on Island Road at West Ramapo Avenue in Mahwah, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Dutch Reformed Church at Romopock	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corton Denham is a village and parish in Somerset, England, situated seven miles north east of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Corton Denham	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woninjae Station is a commuter train station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway and the Suin Line of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway systems.	Woninjae Station	Incheon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Institute of Astrophysics, Optics and Electronics (in Spanish: Instituto Nacional de Astrofísica, Óptica y Electrónica, INAOE) is a Mexican science research institute located in Tonantzintla, Puebla.	National Institute of Astrophysics, Optics and Electronics	Puebla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montefalcone Appennino is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche, located about 85 kilometres (53 mi) south of Ancona, about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Ascoli Piceno and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Fermo.	Montefalcone Appennino	Province of Fermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ram Rai Pur (ਰਾਮ ਰਾਏ ਪੁਰ) is a village in Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar.	Ram Rai Pur	Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Dłużniewska (ˈvɔla dwuʐˈɲefska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Dłużniewska	Gmina Baboszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgware Way Grassland or Edgware Way Rough is a 6.7 hectare Site of Metropolitan Importance for Nature Conservation in Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet.	Edgware Way Grassland	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinguacousy Park is a large park in Brampton, Ontario's Bramalea section.	Chinguacousy Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natchaug State Forest is a Connecticut state forest located in six towns including Ashford, Chaplin, and Eastford.	Natchaug State Forest	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mownowm (Persian: مونوم‎; also known as Mownow) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Mownowm	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maryvale Mall was the second shopping mall in Phoenix, Arizona, before being redeveloped, it was located on 51st Avenue and Indian School Road.	Maryvale Mall	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puerto Princesa, officially City of Puerto Princesa (Filipino: Lungsod ng Puerto Princesa) and often referred to as Puerto Princesa City, is a city located in the western provincial island of Palawan, Philippines.	Puerto Princesa	Palawan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Water Canyon Administrative Site, in Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest near Springerville, Arizona, was built in 1933.	Water Canyon Administrative Site	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cintoia is a locality in Greve in Chianti in Tuscany, Italy, between Florence and Siena.	Cintoia	Greve in Chianti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akot is a city of Vidharbah Region and a municipal council in Akola district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Akot	Akola district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Karolew (ˈnɔvɨ kaˈrɔlɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Karolew	Gmina Koźminek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczaworyż (ʂt͡ʂaˈvɔrɨʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Szczaworyż	Gmina Busko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ficquelmont Palace (Russian: дворе́ц Фикельмона, Ficquelmont dvorets) is a neoclassical palace in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Ficquelmont Palace	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whaleback Shell Midden is a shell midden, or dump, consisting primarily of oyster shells located on the east side of the Damariscotta River in Maine, United States.	Whaleback Shell Midden	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingston Fossil Plant, commonly known as Kingston Steam Plant, is a Tennessee Valley Authority 1.7-GW coal-burning power plant located in Roane County, just outside Kingston, Tennessee on the shore of Watts Bar Lake.	Kingston Fossil Plant	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boonton Gorge is a river gorge in Boonton, New Jersey where the Rockaway River drops over several waterfalls, and travels for slightly over a mile before emptying into the Jersey City Reservoir.	Boonton Gorge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galena Pass is a low mountain pass in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, southeast of Revelstoke.	Galena Pass	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Detroit Commerce Building was located at 138-150 Michigan Avenue (the corner of Michigan Avenue and Shelby Street), in downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Detroit Commerce Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olszamowice (ɔlʂamɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Olszamowice	Gmina Fałków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peabody Court Apartments are a historic apartment building at 41-43 Linnaean Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Peabody Court Apartments	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rau is a suburb and a nagar panchayat in Indore district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Rau	Indore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Ganji (Persian: حسين ابادگنجي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Ganjī and Ḩoseynābād Ganjī) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Ganji	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Tahoe Airport (IATA: TVL, ICAO: KTVL, FAA LID: TVL) is a public airport three miles southwest of South Lake Tahoe, in El Dorado County, California.	Lake Tahoe Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marur is a village of Anantapur district, in Raptadu mandal, Andhra Pradesh state, India.	Marur	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vonnegut, Wright & Yeager was an architectural firm active in mid-twentieth-century Indiana.	Vonnegut, Wright & Yeager	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tulsa Coliseum was an indoor arena built in Tulsa, Oklahoma at the corner of Fifth Street and Elgin Avenue.	Tulsa Coliseum	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowjeh (Persian: گوجه‎) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gowjeh	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaka Mobarak-e Bibi Hakimeh (Persian: كاكامبارك بي بي حكيمه‎, also Romanized as Kākā Mobārak-e Bībī Ḩakīmeh; also known as Kākāmobārak) is a village in Bibi Hakimeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kaka Mobarak-e Bibi Hakimeh	Bibi Hakimeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malësi e Madhe District (Albanian: Rrethi i Malësisë së Madhe), commonly known as Malësia, was one of the thirty-six districts of Albania and is today part of Shkodër County.	Malësi e Madhe District	Shkodër County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houjia (Chinese: 侯家镇) is a town in Wendeng, Weihai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Houjia	Wendeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohneh Keh (Persian: كهنه كه‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Kah; also known as Konkeh) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Keh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarotki (jaˈrɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jarotki	Gmina Ostrowite
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swan Hill is a city in the northwest of Victoria, Australia on the Murray Valley Highway and on the south bank of the Murray River, downstream from the junction of the Loddon River.	Swan Hill	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silvolde (West Low German: Sillevolde) is a village in the Achterhoek and is part of the municipality Oude IJsselstreek.	Silvolde	Oude IJsselstreek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Shahid Rejayi (Persian: تلمبه شهيد رجايي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Rejāyī; also known as Poshteh Shīrānīhā (Persian: پشته شيرانيها)) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Shahid Rejayi	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The site of the former San Francis Ranch is in West Bishop in Inyo County and is marked by California Historical Landmark No. 208.	San Francis Ranch	Inyo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmond Public Schools is a public school district located in the Oklahoma City suburb of Edmond, Oklahoma.	Edmond Public Schools	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joghdi (Persian: جغدي‎‎, also Romanized as Joghdī; also known as Joghdt) is a village in Shoqan Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Joghdi	Shoqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasturan Rural District (Persian: دهستان دستوران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dasturan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spångsholm is a locality situated in Mjölby Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 408 inhabitants in 2010.	Spångsholm	Mjölby Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkul-e Kasan (Persian: كركول كسان‎, also Romanized as Karkūl-e Kasān; also known as Karkūl and Korkūl) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Karkul-e Kasan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alys Robinson Stephens Performing Arts Center (ASC) is a performing arts facility located on the campus of the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB).	Alys Robinson Stephens Performing Arts Center	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qartavol (Persian: قرطاول‎, also Romanized as Qarţāvol) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qartavol	Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louise Dean Centre is a public combined junior and senior high school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, that teaches grades 9 through 12.	Louise Dean Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przegonia (pʂɛˈɡɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przegonia	Gmina Białogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings County Savings Bank is a New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission-designated building in the Williamsburg, Brooklyn section of New York City.	Kings County Savings Bank	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Ramoty (ˈnɔvɛ raˈmɔtɨ) (German: Neu Ramten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowe Ramoty	Gmina Łukta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Labab (Persian: لباب‎, also Romanized as Labāb) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Labab	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thunder Bay Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CKE6) is located on Shipyard Road adjacent to Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.	Thunder Bay Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schierstein is a southwestern borough of Wiesbaden, capital of state of Hesse, Germany.	Schierstein	Wiesbaden	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divičani (Cyrillic: Дивичани) is a village in the municipality of Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Divičani	Jajce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charleston Lake is located in South Eastern Ontario, just north east of Gananoque.	Charleston Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arruda dos Vinhos (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐˈʁuðɐ ðuʒ ˈviɲuʃ)) is a municipality in the Lisbon District in Portugal.	Arruda dos Vinhos	Lisbon District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Blind School (founded in 1793) is a specialist day and boarding school located in Edinburgh, Scotland run by the charity Royal Blind.	Royal Blind School	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masi Hazrati (Persian: ماسي حضرتي‎, also Romanized as Māsī Ḩaẕratī; also known as Mās Ḩaẕratī) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Masi Hazrati	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moss Hill Church, also known as the Moss Hill Methodist Church and now the Moss Hill United Methodist Church, is located near Vernon in Washington County, Florida, in the United States.	Moss Hill Church	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilbur (Persian: پيلبور‎, also Romanized as Pīlbūr; also known as Pīleh Bar and Pīleh Par) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pilbur	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Bear Frontier is a hotel and cabin resort in Big Bear Lake, California.	Big Bear Frontier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Federal Correctional Institution, El Reno (FCI El Reno) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Oklahoma.	Federal Correctional Institution, El Reno	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widehall, also known as Water Lot #16, is a historic home in Chestertown, Kent County, Maryland.	Widehall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coronado Heights is a hill northwest of Lindsborg, Kansas.	Coronado Heights	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roringen is a village in the borough of Göttingen, Germany.	Roringen	Göttingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Building at 606 Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts is a modest commercial building constructed c. 1910.	Building at 606 Main Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hart Mountain is a fault-block mountain, in Lake County, Oregon, US.	Hart Mountain	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles River Speedway was a former bicycle and harness racing track located in Allston, Massachusetts.	Charles River Speedway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashtansar (Persian: دشتانسر‎, also Romanized as Dashtānsar; also known as Dashtūnsar) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dashtansar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arlington Pumping Station, built in 1907, is a historic water pumping station on Brattle Court (off Brattle Street) in Arlington, Massachusetts.	Arlington Pumping Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devils Den Lake is a small lake located on Vancouver Island four kilometres west of Port Alberni, British Columbia.	Devils Den Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fountain Creek Bridge is a limestone arch bridge which crosses Fountain Creek near Waterloo in Monroe County, Illinois, USA.	Fountain Creek Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wausau East High School is a comprehensive public secondary school in Wausau, Wisconsin.	Wausau East High School	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pożarzysko (pɔʐaˈʐɨskɔ) (German: Hohenposeritz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pożarzysko	Gmina Żarów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln Normal School, also known as the Lincoln School was a historic African American school in Marion, Alabama.	Lincoln Normal School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avatar Hallelujah Mountain (Chinese: 阿凡达-哈利路亚山; pinyin: Āfándá hālìlùyà shān) is a mountain, a 1,080-metre (3,540 ft) quartz-sandstone pillar, located in the Zhangjiajie National Forest Park, in the Wulingyuan Area, in northwestern Hunan Province, China.	Avatar Hallelujah Mountain	Zhangjiajie National Forest Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srednje Bitnje (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdnjɛ ˈbiːtnjɛ); German: Mitterfeichting) is a village south of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Srednje Bitnje	Kranj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornellà de Llobregat (Catalan pronunciation: (kurnəˈʎa ðə ʎuβɾəˈɣat)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Baix Llobregat in Catalonia, Spain.	Cornellà de Llobregat	Baix Llobregat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arqih (Persian: ارقيه‎, also Romanized as Ārqīh and Arghāy) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Arqih	Shahidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongxing District (simplified Chinese: 东兴区; traditional Chinese: 東興區; pinyin: Dōngxīng Qū) is a district of Neijiang City, Sichuan Province, China.	Dongxing District	Neijiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Rock Lock located in Buffalo, New York is 650 feet (200 m) in length and 70 feet (21 m) in wide.	Black Rock Lock	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barik Mahalleh (Persian: باريك محله‎, also Romanized as Bārīk Maḩalleh) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Barik Mahalleh	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poxwell (pronounced /ˈpoʊkswəl/, and sometimes seen written Pokeswell), is a hamlet and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southwest England.	Poxwell	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dighton Rock State Park is an 85-acre (34 ha) Massachusetts state park located in the town of Berkley, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.	Dighton Rock State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radysy (raˈdɨsɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Radysy	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castro Theatre is a popular San Francisco movie palace which became San Francisco Historic Landmark #100 in September 1976.	Castro Theatre	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varskhvaran (Persian: ورسخوران‎, also Romanized as Varskhvārān, Varakshvārān, Varaskhvāran, and Vereskeh Vārān) is a village in Doboluk Rural District, Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Varskhvaran	Doboluk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Qasem (Persian: گل قاسم‎, also Romanized as Gol Qāsem; also known as Gowl Qāsem) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gol Qasem	Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derło (ˈdɛrwɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Derło	Gmina Rokitno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dworp is a small town in the municipality of Beersel, south of Brussels in Flanders.	Dworp	Beersel
located in the administrative territorial entity	1201 North Market Street is a 101 m (331 ft), 23-story skyscraper in Wilmington, Delaware.	1201 North Market Street	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakuh-e Sefid (Persian: پاكوه سفيد‎, also Romanized as Pākūh-e Sefīd) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pakuh-e Sefid	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saint Regis Canoe Area in Adirondack Park is the largest wilderness canoe area in the Northeastern United States and the only designated canoe area in New York state.	Saint Regis Canoe Area	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton Hill United Reformed Church, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, is a United Reformed Church congregation.	Hampton Hill United Reformed Church	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babhulgaon is a census town and tehsil in Yavatmal subdivision of Yavatmal district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Babhulgaon	Yavatmal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soleuvre (Luxembourgish: Zolwer, German: Zolwer) is a town in the commune of Sanem, in south-western Luxembourg.	Soleuvre	Sanem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museum Correale (Italian: Museo Correale di Terranova) is a museum in Sorrento in the south of Italy.	Museum Correale	Sorrento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mara Lake is a lake in the Shuswap Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located immediately south of the community of Sicamous and to the north of the community of Enderby.	Mara Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibley's and James Store Historic District is a national historic district located at Mathews, Mathews County, Virginia.	Sibley's and James Store Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rainford is a village and civil parish within Metropolitan Borough of St Helens, in Merseyside, England.	Rainford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy-Adelinów (ˈbudɨ adɛˈlinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Budy-Adelinów	Gmina Fałków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Brunswick Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district, serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from South Brunswick Township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.	South Brunswick Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spithami (Swedish: Spithamn) is a village in Noarootsi Parish, Lääne County, in northwestern Estonia.	Spithami	Noarootsi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The H.J. Andrews Experimental Forest, commonly referred to as Andrews Forest, is located near Blue River, Oregon, United States, and is managed cooperatively by the United States Forest Service's Pacific Northwest Research Station, Oregon State University, and the Willamette National Forest.	Andrews Forest	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYOO (101.1 FM, ``Talk Radio 101'') is a commercial radio station located in Springfield, Florida, broadcasting to the Panama City, Florida, area.	WYOO	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Patok (ˈstarɨ ˈpatɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stary Patok	Gmina Krzywda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirkeeran (from Irish Tír Mhic Caoirthinn, meaning ``land of Cartin'') is a barony in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.	Tirkeeran	County Londonderry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filkins and Broughton Poggs is a civil parish in West Oxfordshire, on the Oxfordshire county boundary with Gloucestershire.	Filkins and Broughton Poggs	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southgate School is a state comprehensive secondary school in the London Borough of Enfield.	Southgate School	London Borough of Enfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaverton Corporate Center Heliport (FAA LID: 24OR) is a former private heliport that was located 5 miles southeast of Beaverton in Washington County, Oregon, USA.	Beaverton Corporate Center Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amboy High School, or AHS, is a public four-year high school located at 11 East Hawley Avenue in Amboy, Illinois, a small city of Lee County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States.	Amboy High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pniewo Wielkie (ˈpɲɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pniewo Wielkie	Gmina Regimin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frenchpark, historically known as Dungar (Irish: Dún Gar, meaning ``the fort of favour''), is a village in County Roscommon, Ireland on the N5 national primary road.	Frenchpark	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arunqash (Persian: ارونقاش‎, also Romanized as Arūnqāsh, Oroonghash, Owranqāsh, Ūranqāsh, and Urungāsh) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Arunqash	Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plysky (Ukrainian: Плиски) is a village in Borzna Raion, Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine.	Plysky	Borzna Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pachwad, Panchwad or Kasabe Panchwad is a village in Wai taluka, Satara district, Maharashtra, India.	Pachwad	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ledno (ˈlɛdnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiechów, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Ledno	Gmina Trzebiechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mnemba Island is a single small island located about 3 km off the northeast coast of Unguja, the largest island of the Zanzibar Archipelago, Tanzania, opposite Muyuni Beach.	Mnemba Island	Tanzania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Șpring (Hungarian: Spring; German: Gespreng) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Șpring	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAGO-FM (99.5 FM, ``99.5 The Rock'') is a commercial mainstream rock radio station licensed to Klamath Falls, Oregon, USA.	KAGO-FM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metal Highway Bridges of Fulton County Thematic Resources is the title for a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Metal Highway Bridges of Fulton County Thematic Resources	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Cleveland Center is the fifth tallest skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, following Erieview Tower.	One Cleveland Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saltergate, officially the Recreation Ground, was the historic home of Chesterfield Football Club, and was in use from 1871 until the club's relocation in July 2010, a 139-year history that made it one of the oldest football grounds in England at the time of its closure.	Saltergate	Chesterfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahriz-e Salim (Persian: كهريزسليم‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Salīm and Kahrīz Salīm; also known as Kārīz) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Salim	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cooperstown Historic District is a national historic district in Cooperstown, Otsego County, New York, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.	Cooperstown Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Żabna (ˈvulka ˈʐabna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Żabna	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holayjan Rural District (Persian: دهستان هلايجان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Holayjan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lassen Community College is a community college in Susanville, California, United States, and is a part of the California Community Colleges System.	Lassen Community College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seattle University College of Arts and Sciences in Seattle, Washington is the oldest undergraduate and graduate college affiliated with Seattle University.	Seattle University College of Arts and Sciences	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowyran (Persian: دويران‎, also Romanized as Dowyrān; also known as Doyrān) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dowyran	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sufi Sheykh Gharavi (Persian: صوفي شيخ غراوي‎, also Romanized as Şūfī Sheykh Gharāvī) is a village in Tamran Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sufi Sheykh Gharavi	Tamran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Box Gully archaeological site is an Aboriginal archaeological site on the shore of saline Lake Tyrrell, in the Mallee region of northern Victoria, Australia.	Box Gully archaeological site	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aaitabare is a Bayarban village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal.	Aaitabare	Morang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMUP (99.9 FM) was a radio station formerly licensed to Carney, Michigan.	WMUP	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cegielnik (t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlnik) (German: Ziegelwiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Cegielnik	Gmina Zławieś Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Ward is a historically African-American neighborhood in Richmond, Virginia, USA.	Jackson Ward	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miami Homestead General Aviation Airport (FAA LID: X51) is a county-owned public-use airport in unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States, located four nautical miles (7 km) northwest of the central business district of Homestead.	Miami Homestead General Aviation Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brimington is a civil parish within the borough of Chesterfield in north-east Derbyshire, England.	Brimington	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Mo Shan (Chinese: 大帽山) is the highest peak in Hong Kong, with an elevation of 957 m. It is also the tallest coastal peak in Southern China and second tallest coastal peak in China after Mount Lao, and located at approximately the geographical centre of the New Territories.	Tai Mo Shan	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolino (bɔˈlinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bolino	Gmina Wyszogród
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Antelope Creek Bridge is a wooden, covered bridge originally built in 1922 by Jackson County, Oregon bridge-building brothers Wesley and Lyal Hartman over Antelope Creek, north of Medford, Oregon.	Antelope Creek Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshtivan (Persian: اشتيوان‎, also Romanized as Eshtīvān) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eshtivan	Bakharz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Second Union School is a historic Rosenwald school building for African-American children located at 2787 Hadensville Fife Rd. in Goochland, Goochland County, Virginia.	Second Union School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spencer Town Center Historic District encompasses the historic downtown of Spencer, Massachusetts.	Spencer Town Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haliyal is a Panchayat town in Uttara Kannada in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Haliyal	Uttara Kannada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kellogg Interchange complex is a freeway interchange in Southern California.	Kellogg Interchange	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tarragal Caves are a network of large limestone caves and rockshelters which overlook the Bridgewater Lakes near the towns of Tarragal and Cape Bridgewater, Victoria in the Charles La Trobe and are near Discovery Bay Coastal Park.	Tarragal Caves	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dueling Creek is a tributary of the Anacostia River in southern Maryland in the United States, located in the town of Colmar Manor.	Dueling Creek	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lanzada is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) northeast of Milan and 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Sondrio, on the border with Switzerland.	Lanzada	Province of Sondrio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vélo'v is a bicycle sharing system run by the city of Lyon, France, in conjunction with the advertising company JCDecaux.	Vélo'v	Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summit Speech School is a year-round educational institution based in New Providence which assists children in northern and central New Jersey who have difficulty hearing.	Summit Speech School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valencian Community, or the Valencian Country, is an autonomous community of Spain.	Valencian Community	Spain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central City Shopping Centre (formerly known as Surrey Place Mall) is a shopping mall and office tower complex in Whalley, Surrey, British Columbia, Canada, which is owned by Blackwood Partners Management Corporation.	Central City Shopping Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Historic Forks of the Wabash is a historic museum park near Huntington, Indiana, that features site several historic buildings, trails and remnants of the Wabash and Erie Canal.	Forks of the Wabash	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolkmity (tɔlkˈmitɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tolkmity	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Radcliffe Hospital is a large tertiary teaching hospital in Oxford, England.	John Radcliffe Hospital	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connors State College is a public college located in Warner and Muskogee, Oklahoma.	Connors State College	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Commonwealth Air Training Plan Museum is an aviation museum located at Brandon Municipal Airport, Brandon, Manitoba.	Commonwealth Air Training Plan Museum	Brandon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton Bonington (/ˈsʌtən ˈbɒnɪŋtən/) is a village and civil parish lying along the valley of the River Soar in the Borough of Rushcliffe, south west Nottinghamshire, England.	Sutton Bonington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meridian Highway Bridge connects Yankton, South Dakota, with rural Cedar County, Nebraska.	Meridian Highway Bridge	Yankton	Cedar County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orlandovtsi (Bulgarian: Орландовци, also transliterated as Orlandovci or Orlandovtzi) is a neighbourhood of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	Orlandovtsi	Sofia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Short Bridge spans the South Santiam River 12 miles east of Sweet Home, Oregon near the community of Cascadia.	Short Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pękawka (pɛŋˈkafka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pękawka	Gmina Sońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watrous Formation occurs in southern Saskatchewan to the border with Manitoba and stretches south into North Dakota.	Watrous Formation	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waingroves is a small village in the Amber Valley district of Derbyshire, England, approximately two miles away from the town of Ripley.	Waingroves	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gutleutviertel is a city district of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Gutleutviertel	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Furtei is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Medio Campidano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sanluri.	Furtei	Province of Medio Campidano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khunan (Persian: خونان‎, also Romanized as Khūnān and Khownān; also known as Khūshān) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Khunan	Zahray-ye Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Krzeszowska (ˈxuta kʂɛˈʂɔfska) (Ukrainian: Гута Крешівська, Huta Kreshivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Huta Krzeszowska	Gmina Harasiuki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirmangan-e Sofla (Persian: ميرمنگان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mīrmangān-e Soflá) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mirmangan-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zehiriyeh-ye Bala (Persian: ظهيريه بالا‎, also Romanized as Zehīrīyeh-ye Shānī) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zehiriyeh-ye Bala	Bani Saleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Turnbull-Ritter House (also known as the Sunrise Plantation) is a historic home located northwest of Lamont, Florida, off U.S. 19.	Turnbull-Ritter House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salehat (Persian: صالحات‎, also Romanized as Şāleḩāt) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Salehat	Khanmirza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Mahalleh (Persian: سرمحله‎, also Romanized as Sar Maḩalleh) is a village in Anzan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sar Mahalleh	Anzan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossroads Theatre is a theatre in New Brunswick, New Jersey located in in the city's Civic Square government and theatre district.	Crossroads Theatre	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boazum (Dutch: Bozum) is a Frisian village in the rural municipality of Littenseradiel, Netherlands with an approximate population of 400.	Boazum	Littenseradiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Palm Beach Junior College Building (also known as the Science/Manual Training Building at Old Palm Beach High School) is a historic site in West Palm Beach, Florida.	Old Palm Beach Junior College Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawojki (zaˈvɔi̯ki) (German: Zawoyken, 1934-45: Lilienfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zawojki	Gmina Rozogi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rasipuram is a municipal corporation in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Rasipuram	Namakkal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burrinjuck Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve on the south west slopes of New South Wales, Australia.	Burrinjuck Nature Reserve	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	As-e Jadid (Persian: اس جديد‎, also Romanized as Ās-e Jadīd) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	As-e Jadid	Peyghan Chayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District Five Schoolhouse, also known as the Fenner Hill School, is a historic former school building at 449 School Street in Webster, Massachusetts.	District Five Schoolhouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village Arcade Shopping Center is a shopping center in Rice Village, Houston, Texas owned by Rice University.	Village Arcade	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Dance Institute (NDI) was founded in 1976 by New York City Ballet principal dancer Jacques d'Amboise to put on dance classes for children.	National Dance Institute	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henson Robinson Zoo is a private nonprofit zoo serving the population of the greater Springfield, Illinois, United States, metropolitan area.	Henson Robinson Zoo	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gach (Persian: گاچ‎, also Romanized as Gāch; also known as Kāj and Kaj) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gach	Beyhaq Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Kand (Persian: حاجي كند‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kand; also known as Ḩājjī Kandī) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hajji Kand	Akhtachi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gumki (ˈɡumki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gumki	Gmina Czerwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sachsenring (German pronunciation: (ˈzaksənʁɪŋ)) racing circuit is located in Hohenstein-Ernstthal near Chemnitz in Saxony, Germany.	Sachsenring	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toronto waterfront is the lakeshore of Lake Ontario in the City of Toronto, Ontario in Canada.	Toronto waterfront	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yelli Badraq (Persian: يلي بدراق‎, also Romanized as Yellī Badraq) is a village in Tamran Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yelli Badraq	Tamran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memari I (community development block) (Bengali: মেমারী I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Memari I (community development block)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massapequa High School is a four-year public high school located in Massapequa, New York for students grades 9 through 12.	Massapequa High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marine Corps Legacy Museum was located on the northwest corner of the Town Square in Harrison, Arkansas, United States.	Marine Corps Legacy Museum	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gordon Graydon Memorial Secondary School, ``Gordon Graydon'', ``GGMSS'', or simply ``Graydon'' for short, is a Canadian high school serving Grades 9 to 12, located at 1490 Ogden Avenue in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Gordon Graydon Memorial Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciele (ˈt͡ɕɛlɛ) (German: Schellen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białe Błota, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ciele	Gmina Białe Błota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatarszczyzna (tatarʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Tatarszczyzna	Gmina Sokółka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Molk (Persian: ميرملك‎, also Romanized as Mīr Molk) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mir Molk	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edakkal is a remote location in Wayanad district of Kerala, India, the site of the Edakkal Caves.	Edakkal	Wayanad district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Rezai (Persian: برافتاب رضايي‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Reẕā’ī; also known as Bar Āftāb-e Bozorg) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Rezai	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woeber Carriage Works is a historic building located on Lot 3, Block 20 of the original town of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Woeber Carriage Works	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahrami-ye Sofla (Persian: بهرامي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bahrāmī-ye Soflá; also known as Bahrāmī and Bahrāmī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bahrami-ye Sofla	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batagund krandigam is a village in the district of Anantnag in Jammu & Kashmir.	Batagund	Jammu & Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Kosowska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ kɔˈsɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Wieś Kosowska	Gmina Kosów Lacki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edenville Dam is a dam in Gladwin County, Michigan, about one mile north of Edenville.	Edenville Dam	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jawne (Hebrew: יבנה) was a Jewish Reformrealgymnasium in Cologne.	Jawne	Cologne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gympie Arterial Road is a freeway in the northern suburbs of Brisbane in Queensland, Australia.	Gympie Arterial Road	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gressingham is a small village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster in the English county of Lancashire.	Gressingham	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmer E. Rasmuson Library (often referred to in shorthand as either the Rasmuson Library or EERL) is the largest library in the U.S. state of Alaska, housing just under one million volumes.	Elmer E. Rasmuson Library	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazanehkesh (Persian: گزنه كش‎) is a village in Baranduz Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gazanehkesh	Baranduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJHD-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an active rock format, branded as The Rock at 93.3 FM in North Battleford, Saskatchewan, Canada.	CJHD-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šeganje (Serbian: Шегање) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šeganje	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marconi-RCA Wireless Receiving Station is a historic district at the junction of Old Comers Rd. and Orleans Rd. in Chatham, Massachusetts.	Marconi-RCA Wireless Receiving Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The northern tip of the lake is in Yukon, as is Little Atlin Lake.	Atlin Lake	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Route 360 (US 360) is a spur of US 60 in the U.S. state of Virginia.	U.S. Route 360	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odryty (ɔˈdrɨtɨ) (German: Odritten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Odryty	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bapatla East (rural) is a village in Bapatla mandal, located in Guntur District of Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Bapatla East (rural)	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greater Penobscot Building, commonly known as the Penobscot Building, is a Class-A office tower in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Penobscot Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iranaq (Persian: ايرانق‎, also Romanized as Īrānaq; also known as Irāna, Iranagh, Īrānak, and Iraniq) is a village in Shebli Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Iranaq	Shebli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talisker Conservation Park is located on the south-western area of the Fleurieu Peninsula, South Australia.	Talisker Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeznabad (Persian: يزن اباد‎, also Romanized as Yeznābād) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Yeznabad	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Museum Park is a skyscraper in Chicago, USA.	One Museum Park	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnson City STOLport (FAA LID: 0A4) is a privately owned, public use STOLport in Washington County, Tennessee, United States.	Johnson City STOLport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cavanal Hill (officially Cavanal Mountain), located near Poteau, Oklahoma, is billed by a local chamber of commerce as the tallest hill in the world at 1,999 feet (609 m).	Cavanal Hill	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamar Daraq (Persian: كمردرق‎; also known as Kamar) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kamar Daraq	Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sij-e Jadid (Persian: سيج جديد‎, also Romanized as Sīj-e Jadīd; also known as Sīch) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sij-e Jadid	Shaskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pahmadan (Persian: پهمدان‎, also Romanized as Pahmadān; also known as Mīān Maḩalleh-ye Pahmadān) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pahmadan	Rudboneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleinmariazell is a district of Altenmarkt an der Triesting in the Wienerwald, Lower Austria, Austria.	Kleinmariazell	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBBN (95.9 FM, ``B-95'') is a radio station licensed to the community of Taylorsville, Mississippi, and serving the Laurel-Hattiesburg area.	WBBN	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Choctaw Corner is a former Native American boundary location near the modern border between Clarke and Marengo counties in Alabama, United States.	Choctaw Corner	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaszczyzna (waʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łaszczyzna	Gmina Dębe Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The broad, flat summit is divided between the council area of Aberdeenshire, Angus and Perth and Kinross, though the highest point lies wholly within Angus; indeed Glas Maol is the highest point in that council area.	Glas Maol	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chautauqua Creek is a tributary of Lake Erie, approximately 15 miles (24 km) long, in the southwestern corner of New York in the United States.	Chautauqua Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taylor's Bay a settlement located east of Lamaline in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Taylor's Bay	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Grand Rapids First Nation is an Anishinaabe (Saulteaux/Ojibwa) First Nation located approximately 257 kilometres (160 mi) northeast of Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Little Grand Rapids First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Snohomish County Centennial Trail is a 30-mile-long (48 km) rail trail in Snohomish County, Washington, connecting the cities of Snohomish, Lake Stevens, and Arlington to Skagit County along the corridor of Washington State Route 9.	Snohomish County Centennial Trail	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Shir Ali (Persian: چشمه شيرعلي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Shīr ʿAlī) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Shir Ali	Arkavazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pathfinder Dam is a cyclopean masonry dam, located on the North Platte River, approximately 47 miles (76 km) southwest of Casper, Wyoming.	Pathfinder Dam	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Washington County Library is a historic library building located at 21 Summit Avenue in Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Old Washington County Library	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ney Siah (Persian: ني سياه‎, also Romanized as Ney Sīāh, Ney Seyāh, and Ney Siyah) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ney Siah	Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansing Country Club (Lansing Sportsman Club) is a country club located in Lansing, Illinois.	Lansing Country Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bast-e Durah (Persian: بست دوراه‎, also Romanized as Bast-e Dūrāh) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bast-e Durah	Par Zeytun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Zephyr is an attraction at Paradise Pier in Disney California Adventure Park.	Golden Zephyr	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Grądzka (ˈvulka ˈɡrɔnt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wólka Grądzka	Gmina Mędrzechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haixi Mongol and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, locally also known as Qaidam Prefecture (mong. Qaidam; tib. Caindam; chin. Chaidamu), is an autonomous prefecture occupying much of the northern tier of as well as part of the southwest Qinghai province, People's Republic of China.	Haixi Mongol and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture	Qinghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enterprise Rancheria is the landbase for the Estom Yumeka Maidu Tribe, located in Butte County, near Oroville, California.	Enterprise Rancheria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Anneen, sometimes referred to as Anneen Lake or incorrectly as Nannine Lake, is a DIWA-listed salt lake system located in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Lake Anneen	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jariyeh-ye Seyyed Musa (Persian: جريه سيدموسي‎, also Romanized as Jarīyeh-ye Seyyed Mūsá) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jariyeh-ye Seyyed Musa	Ben Moala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pizzo di Campel (2,376 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located south-east of Soazza in the canton of Graubünden.	Pizzo di Campel	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slauerhoffbrug (English: Slauerhoff Bridge) is a fully automatic bascule bridge (aka tail bridge) in the city of Leeuwarden in the Netherlands.	Slauerhoffbrug	Leeuwarden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Anselm College is a nationally ranked, Catholic, Benedictine, liberal arts college in Goffstown, New Hampshire, United States.	Saint Anselm College	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simorgh Talayi (Persian: سيمرغ طلايي‎‎, also Romanized as Sīmorgh Talāyī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Simorgh Talayi	Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middletown Upper Houses Historic District, also known as the Upper Houses River Port, is a 70-acre (28 ha) historic district in Cromwell, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.	Middletown Upper Houses Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Chamburak (Persian: محمدابادچمبورك‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Chambūrak; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Chamburak	Kahrizak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy of Science and Entrepreneurship (previously named ``Bloomington New Tech High School'') is a high school in Bloomington, Indiana, United States which utilizes Project Based Learning.	The Academy of Science and Entrepreneurship	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefferson North Assembly Plant (JNAP) is a Chrysler automobile assembly factory in Detroit, Michigan.	Jefferson North Assembly	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexis Creek is a creek in the Chilcotin District of British Columbia, Canada, flowing southeast from its source in Alexis Lake into the Chilcotin River a short distance upstream from the town of Alexis Creek.	Alexis Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąsewo-Kolonia (vɔ̃ˈsɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wąsewo-Kolonia	Gmina Wąsewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Swanzey Covered Bridge (also known as the Thompson Bridge) is a historic wooden covered bridge carrying Main Street over the Ashuelot River in West Swanzey, New Hampshire.	West Swanzey Covered Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lefcourt Colonial Building, is an office building located in midtown Manhattan, in New York City, built by Abraham E. Lefcourt.	Lefcourt Colonial Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phoenix Comicon is a multigenre entertainment and comic book convention held annually in Phoenix, Arizona.	Phoenix Comicon	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahlden House (German: Schloss Ahlden) is a stately home at Ahlden on the Lüneburg Heath in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Ahlden House	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hofstra University Soccer Stadium, is a 1,600 seat soccer-specific stadium on the campus of Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York.	Hofstra University Soccer Stadium	Hempstead
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starężynek (starɛ̃ˈʐɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Starężynek	Gmina Damasławek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikheh Deraz (Persian: بيخه دراز‎, also Romanized as Bīkheh Derāz; also known as Bīkhderāz) is a village in Fasarud Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bikheh Deraz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dahm House is a historic townhouse in Mobile, Alabama.	Dahm House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahreh Dun (Persian: مهره دون‎, also Romanized as Mahreh Dūn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mahreh Dun	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness is a 50,232-acre (203.28 km2) wilderness area located in the Dixie National Forest in the U.S. state of Utah.	Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marakan (Persian: مراكان‎, also Romanized as Marākān and Marakān) is a village in Ivughli Rural District, Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marakan	Ivughli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khanpurmal or Khanpur (mal) (Hindi: खानपुरमाल, खानपुर (माल)) is a village located in the Bhagalpur district of Bihar state in India.	Khanpurmal	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCroskey State Park (full name: Mary Minerva McCroskey State Park) is a state park in the northwest United States, located in northern Idaho in the Palouse region.	McCroskey State Park	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pheasant Creek is a creek that runs along the bottom of one of the many coulees that branch off the Qu'appelle Valley and empties into the Qu'Appelle River in southern Saskatchewan.	Pheasant Creek	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Design Atlanta (MODA) is a design museum located at 1315 Peachtree Street in Atlanta, Georgia, USA.	Museum of Design Atlanta	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geesthacht (German pronunciation: (ɡeːstˈhaxt)) is the largest city in the District of the Duchy of Lauenburg (Herzogtum Lauenburg) in Schleswig-Holstein in Northern Germany, 34 km southeast of Hamburg on the right bank of the river Elbe.	Geesthacht	Herzogtum Lauenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Far Brook School is a private, independent, nonsectarian, coeducational day school located in the Short Hills section of Millburn, in Essex County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in nursery through eighth grade.	Far Brook School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Island Public Schools is a public school district in Pine Island, Minnesota, located in the heart of the town .	Pine Island Public Schools	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saltvik Prison (Swedish: Saltviksanstalten or Anstalten Saltvik) is a prison located in Härnösand Municipality, Sweden.	Saltvik Prison	Härnösand Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vero Railroad Station (also known as the Vero Beach Railroad Station) is a historic Florida East Coast Railway train station in Vero Beach, Florida.	Vero Railroad Station	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pobikry (pɔˈbikrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pobikry	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifton-upon-Dunsmore is a village and civil parish in the Rugby borough of Warwickshire in England.	Clifton-upon-Dunsmore	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaqu-ye Bala (Persian: چاقوبالا‎, also Romanized as Chāqū-ye Bālā and Chāqū Bālā; also known as Chāqū and Chāqū-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Chaqu-ye Bala	Akhtarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nirbhaya Dihra is a small village located in the Bhojpur-Ara district of Bihar in North India.	Nirbhaya Dihra	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trepcza (ˈtrɛpt͡ʂa) (Ukrainian: Терепча, Terepcha) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Trepcza	Gmina Sanok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devangudi is a village near Thiruvaiyaru in Thanjavur district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Devangudi	Thanjavur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Châtelet was a stronghold in Ancien Régime Paris, on the right bank of the Seine, on the site of what is now the Place du Châtelet; it contained a court and police headquarters and a number of prisons.	Grand Châtelet	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Acropolis Museum (Greek: (Παλαιό) Μουσείο Ακρόπολης (Palaio) Mouseio Akropolis) was an archaeological museum located in Athens, Greece on the archeological site of Acropolis.	Old Acropolis Museum	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bherasalepur is small village in the Cuttack district in eastern India.	Bherasalepur	Cuttack
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Traverse Light is a lighthouse in the U.S. state of Michigan, located at the tip of the Leelanau Peninsula, which separates Lake Michigan and Grand Traverse Bay.	Grand Traverse Light	Leelanau Peninsula
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Savina or La Sabina is a port village in Formentera, on the Balearic Islands, off eastern Spain.	La Savina	Formentera
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Dunstan of Canterbury Orthodox Church is an Antiochian Orthodox church in Parkstone, Poole, Dorset.	St Dunstan of Canterbury Orthodox Church	Poole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenelon Falls/Sturgeon Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CFG8) is an aerodrome located on Sturgeon Lake, Ontario, Canada.	Fenelon Falls/Sturgeon Lake Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daily News Building, also known as The News Building, is a 476-foot (145 m) skyscraper located at 220 East 42nd Street between Second and Third Avenues in the Turtle Bay neighborhood of Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Daily News Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riosa is a municipality and parish (administrative division) in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias, Spain.	Riosa	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penrose Point State Park is a 165-acre (67 ha) Washington state park located on Mayo Cove and Carr Inlet at the southern end of Puget Sound in Pierce County.	Penrose Point State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravesht-e Kuchek (Persian: روشت كوچك‎, also Romanized as Ravesht-e Kūchek) is a village in Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ravesht-e Kuchek	Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirk Yetholm is a village in the Scottish Borders region of Scotland, 8 miles (13 km) south east of Kelso and less than 1 mile (1.6 km) west of the border.	Kirk Yetholm	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leila Arboretum 72 acres (291,000 m²) is an arboretum and garden located at 928 West Michigan Avenue, Battle Creek, Michigan.	Leila Arboretum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alanjareq (Persian: النجارق‎, also Romanized as Alanjāreq; also known as Alenjālīq, Alīkhāraq, Alīnjāraq, Alīnjāreq, and Irinjālik) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alanjareq	Kandovan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paland (Persian: پالند‎, also Romanized as Pāland and Palend) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Paland	Valupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baulking or Balking is a village and civil parish about 3.5 miles (5.6 km) southeast of Faringdon in the Vale of White Horse district of Oxfordshire.	Baulking	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navazan Khorram (Persian: نوازان خرم‎, also Romanized as Navāzān Khorram) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Navazan Khorram	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. John's Norway Cemetery and Crematorium is an historic cemetery in Toronto, Ontario.	St. John's Norway Cemetery	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sepid Daneh (Persian: سپيدانه‎, also Romanized as Sepīd Dāneh; also known as Sefīd Dāneh) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sepid Daneh	Mizdej-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braddock Bay, also known as Braddocks Bay, is a small bay of Lake Ontario located in Monroe County northwest of Rochester, New York in the United States.	Braddock Bay	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kocewko (kɔˈt͡sɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kocewko	Gmina Bieżuń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virupatchi is a small village in Tamil Nadu, India which is 2 km away from the Kurinjipadi Perumal Temple.	Virupatchi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon-e Dab (Persian: بون داب‎, also Romanized as Bon-e Dāb) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bon-e Dab	Jastun Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northtown Center at Amherst, formerly the Amherst Ice Center and the Amherst Pepsi Center, is an 1,800-seat multipurpose arena in Amherst, New York located adjacent to the University at Buffalo.	Northtown Center	Amherst, New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horningtops is a hamlet south-southeast of Liskeard in east Cornwall, England in National Grid grid square SX2760.	Horningtops	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mariner's Temple is a Baptist church at 3 Henry Street, in the Two Bridges section of Manhattan, New York City.	Mariner's Temple	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lawrenceville Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, located at 279 Fisk Street in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, opened May 10, 1898.	Lawrenceville Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukh-e Hajji Karim (Persian: كوخ حاجي كريم‎, also Romanized as Kūkh-e Ḩājjī Karīm; also kinown as Kūkh-e Ḩājj Karīm) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kukh-e Hajji Karim	Buin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asenabad (Persian: آسن آباد‎, also Romanized as Āsenābād) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District, Khav and Mirabad District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Asenabad	Khav and Mirabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paudalho is a city in northeastern Brazil, in the State of Pernambuco, with 47.551 inhabitants IBge 2009.	Paudalho	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowshivand (Persian: نوشيوند‎, also Romanized as Nowshīvand) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nowshivand	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łady Polne (ˈwadɨ ˈpɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łady Polne	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qashkamari (Persian: قاشكمري‎, also Romanized as Qāshkamarī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Qashkamari	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medicine Bow Peak is the highest peak in the Snowy Range, a part of the Medicine Bow Mountains, about 35 miles west of Laramie, Wyoming.	Medicine Bow Peak	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLKD (1570 AM) is a radio station in Minocqua, Wisconsin The station is owned by NRG Media through Raven License Sub, LLC.	WLKD	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashburnham and Penhurst are civil parishes in the Rother district of the local government county of East Sussex, England, within historic Sussex, situated to the west of Battle.	Ashburnham and Penhurst	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roșia Montană (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈroʃi.a monˈtanə), ``Roșia of the Mountains''; Latin: Alburnus Maior; Hungarian: Verespatak, (ˈvɛrɛʃpɒtɒk); German: Goldbach, Rotseifen) is a commune of Alba County in the Apuseni Mountains of western Transylvania, Romania.	Roșia Montană	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Recreational Forest Reserve of Fontinhas (Portuguese: Reserva Florestal de Recreio de Fontinhas) is a recreational forest located centrally on the island of Santa Maria, in the civil parish of Santo Espírito, municipality of Vila do Porto in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Recreational Forest Reserve of Fontinhas	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wildwood Crest School District is a public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Wildwood Crest, in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Wildwood Crest School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert Bruce Barbour House, also known as Casa Feliz (Happy House;) is a restored Spanish farmhouse designed by architect James Gamble Rogers II, overlooking the golf course in the heart of Winter Park, Florida.	Robert Bruce Barbour House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalakah Mahalleh (Persian: للكه محله‎, also Romanized as Lalakah Maḩalleh; also known as Lalakah Maḩalleh-ye Chūbar) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lalakah Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stuczanka (stuˈt͡ʂaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stuczanka	Gmina Augustów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caringbah is a suburb, in southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Caringbah	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alsace ((al.zas); Alsatian: 's Elsass (ˈɛlsɑs); German: Elsass, pre-1996 also: Elsaß (ˈɛlzas); Latin: Alsatia) is a cultural and historical region in eastern France, now located in the administrative region of Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine.	Alsace	France
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iru Power Plant is a co-generation power plant in Iru village, Maardu, Estonia.	Iru Power Plant	Maardu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wells Fargo Pavilion is a theatre venue, located in Sacramento, California, and owned by California Musical Theatre and the Sacramento Theatre Company.	Wells Fargo Pavilion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caolas (Scottish Gaelic: An Caolas), is a small settlement on the island of Vatersay, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Caolas	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gagal (Persian: گاگل‎, also Romanized as Gāgal and Gāgel; also known as Gāgil, Kāgel, and Kākel) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District, Khav and Mirabad District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gagal	Khav and Mirabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miglianico is a town and comune of the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Miglianico	Province of Chieti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brateiu (German: Pretai; Hungarian: Baráthely; Transylvanian Saxon dialect: Pretoa) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania.	Brateiu	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Campus Martius Museum interprets Ohio history.	Campus Martius Museum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bull Cove Falls is a waterfall located in the southwestern Appalachian Mountains in North Carolina.	Bull Cove Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahane is a place in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Rahane	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurukshetra district (Hindi: कुरुक्षेत्र जिला; Punjabi: ਕੁਰੂਕਸ਼ੇਤਰ ਜਿਲਾ) is one of the 21 districts of Haryana state in northern India.	Kurukshetra district	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghel Nazri (Persian: اغل نذري‎, also Romanized as Aghel Naẕrī) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Aghel Nazri	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tooele County Courthouse and City Hall, located at 39 E. Vine St. in Tooele, Utah, was built in 1867.	Tooele County Courthouse and City Hall	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lohnweiler is thus a small residential community with good employment opportunities in the area's towns (Lauterecken, Wolfstein).	Lohnweiler	Lauterecken, Wolfstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steptoe Valley is a long basin located in White Pine County, in northeastern Nevada in the western United States.	Steptoe Valley	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The High School of Dundee is an independent, co-educational, day school in Dundee, Scotland which provides both primary and secondary education to just over one thousand pupils.	High School of Dundee	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrushivka Astronomical Observatory (Ukrainian: Андрушівська астрономічна обсерваторія) is a private astronomical observatory in the town suburbs of Andrushivka, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Andrushivka Astronomical Observatory	Zhytomyr Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHWK-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic hits format at 89.5 FM in Chilliwack, British Columbia, branded as 89.5 The Drive.	CHWK-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlton Musgrove is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 1 mile (1.6 km) north east of Wincanton in the South Somerset district.	Charlton Musgrove	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabgan Rural District (Persian: دهستان كبگان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kabgan Rural District	Kaki District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Załuzie (zaˈwuʑe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Różan, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Załuzie	Gmina Różan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newburyport Public Library, in Newburyport, Massachusetts, was founded in September, 1854, by Josiah Little.	Newburyport Public Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chipman Potato House is located near Laurel, Delaware, one of the last surviving examples of its building type.	Chipman Potato House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Land Rover Arena is an indoor sporting arena located at Piazza Azzarita Manfredi 8, in Bologna, Italy.	Land Rover Arena	Bologna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grampound Road is a village in the parish of Ladock, Cornwall, England, 3 kilometres (2 mi) north west of Grampound The railway station of that name was situated here; it was opened on 4 May 1859 and closed in 1964.	Grampound Road	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słonice (swɔˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Słonice	Gmina Krzęcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hojjatabad-e Sardi (Persian: حجت ابادسردي‎, also Romanized as Hojjatābād-e Sardī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hojjatabad-e Sardi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamilton Urban Area is a New Zealand urban area in the Waikato Region.	Hamilton Urban Area	Waikato Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sint-Jozef is a quarter in Bruges, which is the capital of the Flemish province of West Flanders, in Belgium.	Sint-Jozef	Bruges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelmiküla (Estonian for ``Rascal's Village'' or ``Rogue's Village'') is a subdistrict (asum) in the district of Põhja-Tallinn (North Tallinn), Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Kelmiküla	Tallinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The WRAL Soccer Center is a soccer complex featuring a 3,200-seat, lighted soccer-specific stadium located on Perry Creek Road in Raleigh, North Carolina.	WRAL Soccer Center	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honaker High School is a public high school located in Honaker, Virginia in Russell County, Virginia.	Honaker High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babb Airport (FAA LID: 49S) is a public use airport in Glacier County, Montana, United States.	Babb Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwun Tong Ferry Pier (Chinese: 觀塘碼頭) is a ferry pier situated on Hoi Yuen Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Kwun Tong Ferry Pier	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hiawatha Sportsman's Club 1931 Maintenance Building and Commissary are two recreational buildings located on Lake Boulevard, on the grounds of the Hiawatha Sportsman's Club, near Millecoquins, Michigan.	Hiawatha Sportsman's Club 1931 Maintenance Building and Commissary	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Somerville Court House is an Historic Building (on the National Register of Historic Places) in Somerville, Somerset County, New Jersey, United States, the county seat of Somerset County.	Somerville Court House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ocean County Vocational Technical School is a public school district based in Toms River that provides technical and vocational education to residents of Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Ocean County Vocational Technical School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koczury (kɔˈt͡ʂurɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Koczury	Gmina Włoszakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowzdar (Persian: جوزدار‎, also Romanized as Jowzdār) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Jowzdar	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baptist College of Health Sciences is a private, coeducational, specialized college in Memphis, Tennessee operated by Baptist Memorial Health Care.	Baptist College of Health Sciences	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown's Mountain is a mountain in Cherokee County in the state of South Carolina, United States.	Brown's Mountain	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ideal Mini School is a public secondary mini school in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Ideal Mini School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Pasqual Battlefield State Historic Park honors the soldiers who fought in the 1846 Battle of San Pasqual, the bloodiest battle in California during the Mexican-American War.	San Pasqual Battlefield State Historic Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alhué (Spanish pronunciation: (alˈwe)) is a Chilean town and commune located in Melipilla Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region.	Alhué	Melipilla Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Folsom Field is an outdoor football stadium located on the campus of the University of Colorado in Boulder, Colorado.	Folsom Field	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trino is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Vercelli, at the foot of the Montferrat hills.	Trino	Province of Vercelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loveland Pass is a high mountain pass in the western United States, at an elevation of 11,990 feet (3,655 m) above sea level in the Rocky Mountains of north-central Colorado.	Loveland Pass	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teatro Caio Melisso is an opera house located in Spoleto, Italy and it serves as the main venue for opera performances during the annual summer Festival dei Due Mondi.	Teatro Caio Melisso	Spoleto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Russellville Masonic Temple, also known as Russellville City Hall and listed as Site # PP0199, is a building in Russellville, Arkansas that was built in 1926.	Russellville Masonic Temple	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central High School Neighborhood Historic District comprises the area in Little Rock, Arkansas surrounding Little Rock Central High School.	Central High School Neighborhood Historic District	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBET-FM (99.3 FM, ``Oldies 99.3'') (formerly WMSH-FM and WSTR-FM) is a radio station located in Sturgis, Michigan.	WBET-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anara is a town located about 25 kilometres east of Owerri, in Imo State, Nigeria.	Anara	Imo State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warndon is a suburb and civil parish of the City of Worcester in Worcestershire, England.	Warndon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysoki Grąd (vɨˈsɔki ˈɡrɔnt) (German: Wysokigrund, 1932-45: Lindengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wysoki Grąd	Gmina Rozogi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Westwind is a summer camp on the Oregon Coast in the United States, that takes place at the historic 'Westwind' property just north of Lincoln City and south of Cascade Head.	Camp Westwind	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worcestershire (i/ˈwʊstəʃə/ WUUS-tə-shə or /ˈwʊstəʃɪər/ WUUS-tər-sheer; written abbreviation: Worcs) is a county in the West Midlands of England.	Worcestershire	West Midlands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fortress Hill (Chinese: 炮台山; Jyutping: paau3 toi4 saan1; Pau Toi Shan) is a hill and an area on the north shore of Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Fortress Hill	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Industrial Valley is a neighborhood and manufacturing district located along the Cuyahoga River, south of downtown in Cleveland, Ohio.	Industrial Valley	Cleveland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middleton-on-Sea is a village, civil parish and an electoral ward in the Arun District of West Sussex, England, lying to the east of Bognor Regis and neighbouring Felpham.	Middleton-on-Sea	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paull Holme Tower is an unusual late-medieval fortified tower in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Paull Holme Tower	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Republic of Buryatia (Russian: Респу́блика Буря́тия, tr. Respublika Buryatiya; IPA: (rʲɪsˈpublʲɪkə bʊˈrʲætʲɪjə); Buryat: Буряад Улас, Buryaad Ulas, (burˈjaːt ulas)) is a federal subject of Russia (a republic).	Buryatia	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sop Pat (Thai: สบป้าด) is a village and tambon (sub-district) of Mae Mo District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 5,905.	Sop Pat	Mae Mo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podszyn (ˈpɔtʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Podszyn	Gmina Zawichost
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radkowice-Kolonia (ratkɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Radkowice-Kolonia	Gmina Pawłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	CINU-FM is a Canadian religious broadcasting radio station, broadcasting from Truro, Nova Scotia on 106.3 FM and is branded Hope 106.3 FM.	CINU-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borrisokane (Irish: Buiríos Uí Chéin, meaning ``the Burgage of the Cianacht'' ) is a town in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Borrisokane	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Spurr is a stratovolcano in the Aleutian Arc of Alaska, named after United States Geological Survey geologist and explorer Josiah Edward Spurr, who led an expedition to the area in 1898.	Mount Spurr	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bientina (Italian: Bièntina) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany.	Bientina	Province of Pisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trefin is a village in the Welsh-speaking area of North Pembrokeshire, south-west Wales.	Trefin	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stede Broec ( pronunciation )(West Frisian: Stee Broek) is a municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland and the region of West-Frisia.	Stede Broec	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bethel Inn Resort is a four-season resort located on the village common of Bethel, Maine with an 18-hole golf course and small convention center.	Bethel Inn Resort	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arlington County Fire Department (ACFD) provides essential fire, emergency medical, and allied public safety services for Arlington County and the City of Falls Church in Virginia, USA.	Arlington County Fire Department	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	GateWay Community College is an urban campus established in 1968 located in Phoenix, Arizona, near Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.	GateWay Community College	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bawlf (Blackwells) Airport (TC LID: CFR2) is located in Camrose County, in central Alberta, Canada, near Bawlf.	Bawlf (Blackwells) Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District (Persian: دهستان كرچمبوجنوبي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District	Buin va Miandasht County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitminster is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, on the A38 trunk road about six miles south of Gloucester.	Whitminster	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Milam County Courthouse and Jail are two separate historic county governmental buildings located diagonally opposite each other in Cameron, Milam County, Texas.	Milam County Courthouse and Jail	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolceacqua is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) southwest of Genoa and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of Imperia, on the border with France.	Dolceacqua	Province of Imperia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obłęże (ɔˈbwɛ̃ʐɛ) (German: Woblanse) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Obłęże	Gmina Kępice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Before it became KODM, the Odessa, Texas station was known as KOYL-FM then later, KUFO-FM at a frequency of 97.9.	KODM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardsir Posht Gary (Persian: سردسيرپشت گارئ‎, also Romanized as Sardsīr Posht Gāry) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sardsir Posht Gary	Ozgoleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Rah-e Jaber (Persian: ميان راه جابر‎, also Romanized as Mīān Rāh-e Jāber; also known as Jāber and Mīānrāh) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Mian Rah-e Jaber	Dustan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	London Bridge Wharf was a wharf in the City of London located alongside London Bridge, just to the east of the north end of the bridge.	London Bridge Wharf	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolmów (ˈbɔlmuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bolmów	Gmina Blizanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	39 Conduit Road is a residential property situated in Conduit Road in western mid-Levels of Hong Kong.	39 Conduit Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fitzgerald Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, located within the Eucla Land Division inland from Esperance.	Fitzgerald Land District	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chambellan (Haitian Creole: Chanbèlan) is a commune in the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.	Chambellan	Jérémie Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grýtubakkahreppur is a municipality located in northern-central Iceland, in Northeastern Region.	Grýtubakkahreppur	Northeastern Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumiton Christian School is a kindergarten through 12th grade interdenominational Christian school located in Sumiton, Alabama.	Sumiton Christian School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derog-e Bala (Persian: درگ بالا‎, also Romanized as Derog-e Bālā; also known as Darak, Dargaz, Derog, and Dorg) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Derog-e Bala	Bondar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teepe Pillar (12,266 feet (3,739 m)) is located in the Teton Range, Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming, immediately south of Grand Teton.	Teepe Pillar	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ashford Mansion, also known as the Ashford House is a turn of the 20th century residence located in Ashford, Washington.	Ashford Mansion	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sana'a (also spelled Sanaa or Sana; Arabic: صنعاء‎ Ṣan``ā'' pronounced (sˤɑnʕaːʔ), Yemeni Arabic: (ˈsˤɑnʕɑ)) is the largest city in Yemen and the centre of Sana'a Governorate.	Sana'a	Yemen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Normal Theater is a cinema located in the downtown area of Normal, Illinois of the United States of America, which is located in McLean County.	Normal Theater	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gieraliszki (ɡʲɛraˈliʂki) (German: Gerwalde, until 1938 Gerehlischken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Gieraliszki	Gmina Gołdap
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riddlesdown railway station serves Riddlesdown in the London Borough of Croydon in south London, on the Oxted line.	Riddlesdown railway station	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Binówko (biˈnufkɔ) (German: Binower Spitze) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Binówko	Gmina Stare Czarnowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katipalla (Tulu:ಕಾಟಿಪಳ್ಳ ) is a small town, five km from Surathkal in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state, India.	Katipalla	Dakshina Kannada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teany Café opened in 2002 in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York at 90 Rivington Street.	Teany	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arianshahr (Persian: آرين شهر‎ - formerly Sedeh (Persian: سده‎), also Romanized as Seh Deh and Sehdeh) is a city in and the capital of Sedeh District, in Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Arianshahr	Sedeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Exeter Ship Canal, also known as the Exeter Canal, downstream of Exeter, Devon, England.	Exeter Ship Canal	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daskin (Persian: داسكين‎, also Romanized as Dāskīn; also known as Dāsjīn) is a village in Abgarm Rural District, Abgarm District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Daskin	Abgarm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amber Glen Business Center Heliport (FAA LID: 86OR) is a private heliport located in the Tanasbourne neighborhood of Hillsboro in Washington County, Oregon, USA.	Amber Glen Business Center Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pruszowice (pruʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Bruschewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pruszowice	Gmina Długołęka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gornji Davidovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Горњи Давидовићи) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornji Davidovići	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Molinis, Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Lüen, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa.	Molinis	Arosa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Penken is a mountain area in the Ziller Valley located in the Austrian Tyrol.	Penken	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kottige (Kannada: ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆ) (also known as Megala Kottige (ಮೇಗಳ ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆ) ) is a small village in the Holalkere town of Chitradurga State in Karnataka, India.	Kottige	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Morteza (Persian: بنه مرتضي‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Morteẕá; also known as Boneh Mortezā) is a village in Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District, Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Morteza	Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tenedos (Greek: Τένεδος Tenedhos) or Bozcaada (Turkish: Bozcaada) is an island of Turkey in the northeastern part of the Aegean Sea.	Tenedos	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brampton Centennial Secondary School (BCSS) is a public high school located in Brampton, Ontario, Canada and is part of the Peel District School Board.	Brampton Centennial Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Finnish Aviation Museum (Finnish: Suomen ilmailumuseo) is a museum specialising in aircraft, located near Helsinki Airport in Veromies, Vantaa, Finland, .	Finnish Aviation Museum	Veromies	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubowicz Wielki (luˈbɔvit͡ʂ ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Lubowicz Wielki	Gmina Klukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunsbach (German: Günsbach) is a village and commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Gunsbach	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magic 882 (ACMA callsign: 4BH) is a radio station in Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.	Magic 882	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Kilkenny (Irish: Contae Chill Chainnigh) is a county in Ireland.	County Kilkenny	Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Luis Obispo Botanical Garden is a botanical garden located in the rolling hills of El Chorro Regional Park, between San Luis Obispo and Morro Bay in San Luis Obispo County, within the Central Coast of California region.	San Luis Obispo Botanical Garden	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yellanur is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.It is located 51.8 km distance from its district main city Anantapur and 420 km distance from state's capital Amaravati.	Yellanur	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selma Union Depot, also known as Selma Union Station, is a train station and museum in Selma, North Carolina.	Selma Union Depot	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obiedzino Górne (ɔbjɛˈd͡ʑinɔ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Obiedzino Górne	Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Linton Block was a historic site at 3 Monument Square in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.	Linton Block	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 925 Building, formerly known as the Huntington Building, originally the Union Trust Building, is a high-rise office building on Euclid Avenue in downtown Cleveland, Ohio's Nine-Twelve District.	The 925 Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Athangaraividuthi (Tamil: ஆத்தங்கரைவிடுதி) is a village in the Gandaravakottai revenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Athangaraividuthi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Airla (Hindi: एरला) is a village in Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Airla	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Circle Ten Council is the main Boy Scouts of America (BSA) chartered council in central north Texas and a portion of Oklahoma.	Circle Ten Council	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dakin-Coleman Farm is located on Coleman Station Road (Dutchess County Route 58) in the Town of North East, New York, United States.	Dakin-Coleman Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winslow Crocker House is a historic house in Yarmouth Port, Massachusetts, built circa 1780.	Winslow Crocker House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ampney Crucis is a village and civil parish in the Cotswolds, part of the Cotswold District of Gloucestershire, England.	Ampney Crucis	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Elk Refuge is located in the U.S. state of Wyoming and was created in 1912 to protect habitat and provide sanctuary for one of the largest elk (also known as the wapiti) herd on Earth.	National Elk Refuge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sitke is a village in Vas County, Hungary, 40 km from the county seat of Szombathely.	Sitke	Vas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenwood Lake is an interstate lake approximately seven miles (12 km) long, straddling the border of New York and New Jersey.	Greenwood Lake	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dyerville Mill is an historic textile mill complex at 610 Manton Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, USA.	Dyerville Mill	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ya Rud (Persian: يارود‎, also Romanized as Yā Rūd) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ya Rud	Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ichapore (also written as Ichhapur) (Bengali: ইছাপুর) is a town, near the River Ganges, in Barrackpore subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Ichapore	North 24 Parganas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alabama Hills are a range of hills and rock formations near the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada in the Owens Valley, west of Lone Pine in Inyo County, California, United States.	Alabama Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kul Bechan (Persian: كول بچان‎‎, also Romanized as Kūl Bečān) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kul Bechan	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wuxue falls under the administration of Huanggang (黃冈) Municipality.	Wuxue	Huanggang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goodland City Library, at 120 W. 12th St. in Goodland, Kansas was built in 1912 and was used as a library for 60 years.	Goodland City Library	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	TAGOS Leadership Academy is a project-based charter school in the city of Janesville, Wisconsin.	TAGOS Leadership Academy	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hualqui (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈwalki)) is a Chilean city and commune in the Concepción Province, Biobio Region.	Hualqui	Concepción Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alberta Flying Heritage Museum is an aviation museum currently being developed at the Edmonton/Villeneuve Airport in Villeneuve, Alberta, Canada.	Alberta Flying Heritage Museum	Edmonton/Villeneuve Airport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison Square Presbyterian Church was a Presbyterian church in Manhattan, New York City, located on Madison Square Park at the northeast corner of East 24th Street and Madison Avenue.	Madison Square Presbyterian Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willamette Leadership Academy is a public charter military academy in Lane County, in Goshen, in Eugene, Oregon, United States.	Willamette Leadership Academy	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Roxbury Historic District is a historic district encompassing an isolated pocket of 1890s mixed residential-commercial property in the lower Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Lower Roxbury Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitstable (/ˈwɪtstəbəl/, locally (ˈwɪʔstəbl)) is a seaside town on the north coast of Kent in south-east England, 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Canterbury and 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Herne Bay.	Whitstable	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nelson River Hydroelectric Project refers to the construction of a series of dams and hydroelectric power plants on the Nelson River in Northern Manitoba, Canada.	Nelson River Hydroelectric Project	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Possagno is a comune in the Province of Treviso, in the Italian region Veneto.	Possagno	Province of Treviso
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lowcountry Graduate Center (LGC) is a public higher education consortium located in North Charleston, South Carolina.	Lowcountry Graduate Center	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East River Mountain Tunnel is a 5,412-foot (1,650 m) vehicular tunnel that carries Interstate 77 (I-77) and U.S. Route 52 (US 52) through East River Mountain between the communities of Bluefield, West Virginia, and Rocky Gap, Virginia.	East River Mountain Tunnel	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairy Glen is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Willow Creek No. 458 in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.	Fairy Glen	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockaway Freeway is a road in the New York City borough of Queens, that was created from the old right-of-way of the Long Island Rail Road Rockaway Division in 1941--1942 as part of the project to eliminate grade crossings within New York City.	Rockaway Freeway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szymborno (ʂɨmˈbɔrnɔ) (German: Schönborn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Szymborno	Gmina Kijewo Królewskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palm Valley Bridge spans the Intracoastal Waterway in the Palm Valley area near Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida.	Palm Valley Bridge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berry Events Center is a 4,300-seat multi-purpose arena in Marquette, Michigan, in the United States that opened in 1999.	Berry Events Center	Marquette
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ōizumi Observatory (code 411) is a private astronomical observatory in Ōizumi, Gunma Prefecture, Japan.	Ōizumi Observatory	Gunma Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nur-Kolonia Wschodnia (ˈnur kɔˈlɔɲa ˈfsxɔdɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nur-Kolonia Wschodnia	Gmina Nur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Sakakawea State Park is a North Dakota state park located on the southern shore of Lake Sakakawea, one mile north of the community of Pick City in Mercer County.	Lake Sakakawea State Park	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Hickory Lock and Dam is a dam located in middle Tennessee on the Cumberland River at river mile 216.2 in Sumner and Davidson Counties, approximately 25 miles (40 km) upstream from Nashville.	Old Hickory Lock and Dam	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caterham (/ˈkeɪtᵊrəm/) is a town in the Tandridge District of Surrey, England.	Caterham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plantation Towne Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Plantation, Florida, which was destroyed by a fire on September 6, 1996.	Plantation Towne Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalat-e Malek (Persian: كلات مالك‎, also Romanized as Kalāt-e Mālek) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kalat-e Malek	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isaiah Paxson Farm, also known as Burgess Lea, is a historic farm complex located in Solebury Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Isaiah Paxson Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remeți (Ukrainian: Ремета; Hungarian: Pálosremete; German: Remetz) is a commune in Maramureș County, Romania.	Remeți	Maramureș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Eaglenest Mountain is a mountain located less than 2 miles south of Maggie Valley, North Carolina in Haywood County.	North Eaglenest Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peace Gardens are an inner city square in Sheffield, England.	Peace Gardens	Sheffield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gracjanów (ɡrat͡sˈjanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gracjanów	Gmina Mogielnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brewer Fountain stands near the corner of Park and Tremont Streets in Boston, Massachusetts, by Park Street Station.	Brewer Fountain	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzeh Beygi (Persian: حمزه بيگي‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Beygī) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hamzeh Beygi	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Georgina Island is located in southern Ontario, Canada about an hour north from Toronto.	Georgina Island	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kent Place School is a highly selective all-girls independent college-preparatory day school (with a coeducational nursery and pre-Kindergarten) serving students in preschool through twelfth grade in Summit, Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Kent Place School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Far Hills Country Day School (FHCDS) is a private, coeducational PreK-grade eight school located in Far Hills, New Jersey, one hour west of New York City.	Far Hills Country Day School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Naval Support Activity Panama City (NSA PC), is located just outside Panama City, Florida and is a United States Navy military base.	Naval Support Activity Panama City	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	King Homestead (now called New Moon Farm) is a log home located in Cottontown, Sumner County, Tennessee.	King Homestead	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheruvadi (Small Garden) is a village in the Kozhikode district of Kerala.	Cheruvadi	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Héand is a commune in the Loire department in central France, 12 kilometres from Saint-Étienne.	Saint-Héand	Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devoran (Cornish: Deveryon) is a village in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Devoran	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dołhobyczów-Kolonia (dɔu̯xɔˈbɨt͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Dołhobyczów-Kolonia	Gmina Dołhobyczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tokhm-e Balut-e Sofla (Persian: تخم بلوطسفلي‎, also Romanized as Tokhm-e Balūţ-e Soflá; also known as Varkabūd) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Tokhm-e Balut-e Sofla	Helilan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llyn Padarn is a glacially formed lake in Snowdonia, Gwynedd, north Wales, and is an example of a moraine dammed lake.	Llyn Padarn	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grinnell Range is a mountain range on northwestern Devon Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Grinnell Range	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orleans is a hotel and casino located in Paradise, Nevada.	The Orleans	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldameer Park and Water World is an amusement / water park in Erie, Pennsylvania located at the base of Presque Isle.	Waldameer Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hickory Creek Wilderness is a 8,663-acre (35.1 km2) wilderness area located on the Bradford Ranger District of the Allegheny National Forest in Warren County, Pennsylvania.	Hickory Creek Wilderness	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henan Mongol Autonomous County (Chinese: 河南蒙古族自治县; pinyin: Hénán Ménggǔ Zìzhìxiàn; Mongolian: ᠡᡁᠨᠠᠨ ᠮᠣᠩᠭᠣᠯ ᠥᠪᠡᠷᠲᠡᠭᠡᠨ ᠵᠠᠰᠠᠬᠤ ᠵᠧᠦ; Tibetan: རྨ་ལྷོ་སོག་རིགས་རང་སྐྱོང་ཁུལ་, Wylie: rma-lho sog-rigs rang-skyong-khul) is an autonomous county in the south of Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in the province of Qinghai.	Henan Mongol Autonomous County	Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghalim (Persian: غليم‎, also Romanized as Ghalīm; also known as Boneh-ye Ghalayem and Boneh-ye Ghalīm) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghalim	Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmsir Rural District (Persian: دهستان گرمسير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Garmsir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keybar Rural District (Persian: دهستان كيبر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Keybar Rural District	Jolgeh Zozan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piaski Sztumskie (ˈpjaski ˈʂtumskʲɛ) (German: Sandhuben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Piaski Sztumskie	Gmina Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKTT-FM is a Canadian radio station, that broadcasts tourist information programing at 94.3 FM in Timmins, Ontario.	CKTT-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Kozery (ˈnɔvɛ kɔˈzɛrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Kozery	Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dezeen is an architecture, interiors and design magazine based in London, with offices in Haggerston.	Dezeen	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faraj Beygi (Persian: فرج بيگي‎, also Romanized as Faraj Beygī; also known as Shahrak-e Yamīnābād) is a village in Zirab Rural District, in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Faraj Beygi	Zirab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Branch Marsh River is a 1.0-mile-long (1.6 km) tidal river in the town of Frankfort, Waldo County, Maine.	North Branch Marsh River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klepki (ˈklɛpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Klepki	Gmina Sabnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bławaciska (bwavaˈt͡ɕiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bławaciska	Gmina Namysłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coal City High School (Mascot: Coalers) is a four-year high school in north-central Illinois.	Coal City High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The town of Carluke (Gaelic: Cathair MoLuaig) lies in the heart of the Lanarkshire countryside in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, 4.7 miles (7.6 kilometres) northwest of Lanark and 4.2 mi (6.8 km) southeast of Wishaw.	Carluke	South Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windorp (ˈvindɔrp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Windorp	Gmina Brusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dorchester-Milton Lower Mills Industrial District is an historic district on both sides of the Neponset River in the Dorchester area of Boston and in the town of Milton, Massachusetts.	Dorchester-Milton Lower Mills Industrial District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanigrad (pronounced (zaˈniːɡɾat); Italian: Sanigrado) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zanigrad	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byåsen Upper Secondary School (Norwegian: Byåsen videregående skole) is a public upper secondary school located in the Byåsen area of Trondheim, Norway.	Byåsen Upper Secondary School	Trondheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mossehaus is an office building on 18-25 Schützenstrasse in Berlin, renovated and with a corner designed by Erich Mendelsohn in 1921--1923.	Mossehaus	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straightaway Glacier, also known as Crosson Glacier, is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Straightaway Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mardin Province (Turkish: Mardin ili, Kurdish: Mêrdîn), is a province of Turkey with a population of 744,606.	Mardin Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLRR is an FM radio station licensed to Redmond, Oregon, and serving Bend, Oregon.	KLRR	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khwajgipur is a village in Bijnor district in Uttar Pradesh state, India.	Khwajgipur	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	F. B. McFarren Memorial Park is a park in the community of Streetsville in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, situated south of McFarren Blvd, which runs from Thomas Street south and west to Erin Mills Parkway.	F. B. McFarren Memorial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Indian Culture is located in the Lehigh Parkway at 2825 Fish Hatchery Road in Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.	Museum of Indian Culture	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFNP is a college radio station licensed to Rosendale, New York run by students attending the State University of New York at New Paltz, broadcasting on 88.7 MHz at 6 kilowatts ERP from the Illinois Mountain tower in Lloyd, New York.	WFNP	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The parish of Little Hucklow is situated in north Derbyshire.	Little Hucklow	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National and University Library (French: Bibliothèque nationale et universitaire; abbreviated BNU) is a public library in Strasbourg, France.	National and University Library	Strasbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle High School, previously known as John H. Castle High School is a public high school located about a mile northeast of Newburgh, Indiana on Indiana 261.	John H. Castle High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohenstadt is a municipality in the Göppingen (district) in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.	Hohenstadt	Göppingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morochów (mɔˈrɔxuf) (Ukrainian: Морохів, Morokhiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz, within Sanok County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland.	Morochów	Gmina Zagórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cut River is a small, short river in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Cut River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seagull Monument is a small monument situated immediately in front of the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Temple Square, in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Seagull Monument	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deokali (देवकाली) is a Industrial Area in Faizabad city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and is Subpost Office of Faizabad.	Deokali	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Small Inlet Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada on the northwest side of Quadra Island, near the city of Campbell River.	Small Inlet Marine Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hockomock Swamp is a vast wetland encompassing much of the northern part of southeastern Massachusetts.	Hockomock Swamp	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamarack Resort is a four-season mountain resort in the northwest United States, in the Long Valley of west central Idaho.	Tamarack Resort	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jihlava is a capital of the Vysočina Region, situated on the Jihlava river (German Igel) on the historical border between Moravia and Bohemia, and is the oldest mining town in the Czech Republic, approximately 50 years older than Kutná Hora.	Jihlava	Vysočina Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamarapha College is a post-secondary theological institution for indigenous Australians located in Karragullen, Western Australia.	Mamarapha College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farim Rural District (Persian: دهستان فريم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Farim Rural District	Dodangeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sufi Hasan (Persian: صوفي حسن‎, also Romanized as Şūfī Ḩasan) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sufi Hasan	Almalu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polekarcice (pɔlɛkarˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Polekarcice	Gmina Koniusza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fredette Lake is a remote northern lake of Saskatchewan, Canada, located north of Eldorado, Saskatchewan.	Fredette Lake	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bortigiadas (Gallurese: Bultigghjata, Sardinian: Bortigiadas) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Olbia-Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 190 kilometres (120 mi) north of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Olbia.	Bortigiadas	Province of Olbia-Tempio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The El Dorado Missouri Pacific Depot is a former passenger train station constructed in 1918, in El Dorado, Kansas.	El Dorado Missouri Pacific Depot	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	St-Gervais-et-St-Protais Church of Paris is located in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, on Place Saint-Gervais in the Marais district, east of City Hall (Hôtel de Ville).	St-Gervais-et-St-Protais	4th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Schank is a dormant maar volcano in the south-east of South Australia, near Mount Gambier.	Mount Schank	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słojniki (swɔi̯ˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Słojniki	Gmina Sokółka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairfax-Moore House is a historical house located at 207 Prince Street in Alexandria, Virginia, United States.	Fairfax-Moore House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astrakhak (Persian: استرخك‎, also Romanized as Āstrakhaḵ) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Astrakhak	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algutsrum Hundred (Swedish: Algutsrums härad) was a hundred of Öland in Sweden.	Algutsrum	Öland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vokes Theatre, also known as Beatrice Herford's Vokes Theatre, is a 1904 miniature of a London theatre in Wayland, Massachusetts built by and named for Beatrice Herford.	Vokes Theatre	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Prószków, German Gemeinde Proskau is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gmina Prószków	Opole County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haulerwijk (West Frisian: Haulerwyk ) is a village in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Haulerwijk	Ooststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghozi Gang (Persian: اغذي گنگ‎, also Romanized as Āghoz̄ī Gang and Āghz̄ī Gang; also known as Aq Zekīnk and Aqziqarq) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Aghozi Gang	Hakimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordestan-e Bozorg (Persian: كردستان بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Kordestān-e Bozorg; also known as Kordestān-e Pā’īn, Kordestān-e Soflá, and Kordestān Soflá) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kordestan-e Bozorg	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Segmon is a locality situated in Grums Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 437 inhabitants in 2010.	Segmon	Grums Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shur Qeshlaq (Persian: شورقشلاق‎, also Romanized as Shūr Qeshlāq) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shur Qeshlaq	Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Leonardo Vinagre da Silveira, commonly known as Estádio da Graça, is an association football stadium located in Cruz das Armas neighborhood, João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil.	Estádio da Graça	João Pessoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słobity-Stacja Kolejowa (swɔˈbitɨ ˈstat͡sja kɔlɛˈjɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Słobity-Stacja Kolejowa	Gmina Wilczęta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ufimsky District (Russian: Уфи́мский райо́н; Bashkir: Өфө районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Ufimsky District	Republic of Bashkortostan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flin Flon School Division maintains and operates two elementary schools and two high schools in the city of Flin Flon, Manitoba, Canada.	Flin Flon School Division	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beachcliff Market Square is a mixed-use open air center situated off of Interstate 90 in Rocky River, Ohio, a suburb outside of Cleveland.	Beachcliff Market Square	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabor Hall (Dvorana Tabor) is a large multi-purpose sports venue in the Tabor region of Maribor in Slovenia.	Tabor Hall	Maribor
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathaniel Witherell is a rehabilitation and skilled nursing facility at 70 Parsonage Road in Greenwich, Connecticut.	The Nathaniel Witherell	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żytowice (ʐɨtɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żytowice	Gmina Pabianice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Levi Sheard Mill, also known as Sheard's Mill and John S. Clymer Mill, is a historic grist mill located in East Rockhill Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Levi Sheard Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Chadbourne was a fort established by the United States Army on October 28, 1852, in what is now Coke County, Texas, to protect the western frontier and the Butterfield Overland Mail route.	Fort Chadbourne	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary's Catholic Academy (formerly St Mary's Catholic College) is a school in Layton, Blackpool, Lancashire.	St Mary's Catholic Academy	Blackpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieleszynek (mjɛlɛˈʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mieleszynek	Gmina Wieruszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smrdelje is a small village located 8 km southwest of Kistanje, in the continental part of Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia.	Smrdelje	Kistanje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virapandianpattanam or Virapandianpatnam, a village on the south-eastern coast of Indian peninsular near Thiruchendur, Thoothukudi District, Tamil Nadu.	Virapandianpatnam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pertwood was an ancient settlement and parish, near Warminster in the county of Wiltshire in the west of England.	Pertwood	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	John M. Belk Arena is a 5,295-seat multi-purpose arena, located on the campus of Davidson College, in Davidson, North Carolina, United States.	John M. Belk Arena	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajpur Manjha is village in Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, situated on the bank of the River Ganges.	Tajpur Manjha	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capital Transit System is the public transportation agency that serves the city and burough of Juneau, Alaska.	Capital Transit System	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viewpoint School is a private, nondenominational, nonprofit day school, located in Calabasas, California.	Viewpoint School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lirsiah-e Shapuri (Persian: ليرسياه شاپوري‎, also Romanized as Līrsīāh-e Shāpūrī) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lirsiah-e Shapuri	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bödexen is a quarter of Höxter, in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bödexen	Höxter
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay Shore Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as the United Methodist Church of Bay Shore, is a historic Methodist Episcopal church complex at E. Main Street at the junction of Second Avenue in Bay Shore, Suffolk County, New York.	Bay Shore Methodist Episcopal Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thondi or Tondi is a Panchayat town in Ramanathapuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Thondi	Ramanathapuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Universalist Society Meetinghouse is an historic Greek Revival meetinghouse at 3 River Road in Orleans, Massachusetts.	Universalist Society Meetinghouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lyman Scott House is a historic house located on U.S. Route 54 in Summer Hill, Pike County, Illinois.	Lyman Scott House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieduniszki Małe (mjɛduˈniʂki ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Medunischken, 1938-1945 Medunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Mieduniszki Małe	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mejin (Persian: مجين‎, also Romanized as Mejīn and Majīn; also known as Mīzīn) is a village in Delbaran Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mejin	Delbaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temblor Creek, formerly Arroyo de Los Temblores (Creek of the earthquakes), is a stream with its source on the east slope of the Temblor Range, California, United States.	Temblor Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottenberg is a hill in the Franconian Jura in Bavaria, Germany.	Ottenberg	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sayyet Askan Ashayir Milad (Persian: سايت اسكان عشايرميلاد‎, also Romanized as Sāyyet Askān ʿAshāyīr Mīlād) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sayyet Askan Ashayir Milad	Zangebar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizaj-e Talkhaj (Persian: ديزج تلخاج‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Talkhāj) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Talkhaj	Bozkosh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-ye Kizavak (Persian: دهنوكيزوك‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-ye Kīzavak) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh Now-ye Kizavak	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHER-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting from Sydney, Nova Scotia at 98.3 FM.	CHER-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrightington is a civil parish in West Lancashire, England, with an area of 3,915½ acres.	Wrightington	West Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rębice (rɛmˈbit͡sɛ) (German: Birkhain) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rębice	Gmina Rymań
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aloha High School is a suburban public high school in Aloha, Oregon, United States.	Aloha High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa Człuchowska (dɔmˈbrɔva t͡ʂwuˈxɔfska) (German Damerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dąbrowa Człuchowska	Gmina Przechlewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hipsheim is a commune in the southeast of the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Hipsheim	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salem Street Burying Ground is a cemetery located at the intersection of Salem Street and Riverside Avenue in Medford, Massachusetts.	Salem Street Burying Ground	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pignone (Ligurian: Pignon) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region Liguria, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Genoa and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) northwest of La Spezia.	Pignone	Province of La Spezia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kor Cha (Persian: كرچا‎, also Romanized as Kor Chā; also known as Kor Chāh) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kor Cha	Farim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCFR-FM is a radio station in Denver, Colorado, which is owned and operated by Colorado Public Radio and simulcast to several AM and FM stations throughout the state.	KCFR-FM	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moon Area High School, known to the locals as Moon High, is a public high school located in the Moon Area School District in Pennsylvania, USA.	Moon Area High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halim Alizehi (Persian: حليم عليزهي‎, also Romanized as Ḩalīm ʿAlīzehī; also known as Ḩalīm) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Halim Alizehi	Dust Mohammad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petaling Street (Malay: Jalan Petaling, Simplified Chinese: 茨厂街, Traditional Chinese: 茨廠街, pinyin: Cíchǎng Jiē, Cantonese jyutping: ci4 cong2 gaai1) is a Chinatown located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Petaling Street	Kuala Lumpur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Post Park is a small county park in Brewster County, Texas, United States.	Post Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samagaun is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.	Samagaun	Gorkha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1941 the Smith-Putnam wind turbine, the world's first megawatt-size wind turbine, was connected to the local electrical distribution system on Grandpa's Knob in Castleton, Vermont, USA.	Smith-Putnam wind turbine	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kedong County ( simplified Chinese: 克东县; traditional Chinese: 克東縣; pinyin: Kèdōng Xian ) is a county in Qiqihar in the north-eastern province of Heilongjiang of the People's Republic of China.	Kedong County	Qiqihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kola Safa (Persian: كلاصفا‎, also Romanized as Kolā Şafā; also known as Kolah Şafā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kola Safa	Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Rusinów (ˈstarɨ ruˈɕinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Majdan Królewski, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Stary Rusinów	Gmina Majdan Królewski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiswell's Inheritance, also known as Chiswell's Manor, Chiswell's Delight and Grayhaven Manor, is a historic home located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.	Chiswell's Inheritance	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasarkan-e Olya (Persian: نصركان عليا‎, also Romanized as Naşarkān-e ``Olyā; also known as Naşarkān) is a village in Shirang Rural District, Kamalan District, Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 542, in 123 families.	Nasarkan-e Olya	Shirang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bertha Benz Memorial Route is a German tourist and theme route in Baden-Württemberg and member of the European Route of Industrial Heritage.	Bertha Benz Memorial Route	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Raceway is a one-third mile dirt track located two miles (3 km) east of Eagle, Nebraska on U.S. Highway 34 in Cass County, Nebraska, often referred to by some as the ``World's Fastest Third Mile'' because of its speed.	Eagle Raceway	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pozzilli is an Italian comune (municipality) of the Province of Isernia, in the region Molise, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of Campobasso and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Isernia.	Pozzilli	Province of Isernia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston Spa is a village and civil parish in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England.	Boston Spa	Leeds	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornate d'Adda is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Milan and 20 kilometres (12 mi) from Monza.	Cornate d'Adda	Province of Monza and Brianza
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duffy Site is a substantial archaeological site along the Wabash River in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Illinois.	Duffy Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goupil & Cie was a leading art dealership in 19th-century France, with headquarters in Paris.	Goupil & Cie	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincoln Law School of Sacramento is a private law school in Sacramento, California, United States.	Lincoln Law School of Sacramento	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Corriher Grange Hall is a historic Grange Hall located near the Five Points area near Enochville, Rowan County, North Carolina.	Corriher Grange Hall	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Rama II Memorial Park is located in the Amphawa District of Thailand's Samut Songkhram Province.	King Rama II Memorial Park	Amphawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zion African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal (AME) church and cemetery located at Camden, Kent County, Delaware.	Zion African Methodist Episcopal Church	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łapaj (ˈwapai̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Łapaj	Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buda-Kashalyova District, Buda-Kašaliouski Rajon (Belarusian: Буда-Кашалёўскі раён) is an administrative subdivision, a district of Gomel Region, in Belarus.	Buda-Kashalyova District	Gomel Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bitterne railway station is located in eastern Southampton, England.	Bitterne railway station	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pha Lueat (Thai: ผาเลือด) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Tha Pla District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Pha Lueat	Tha Pla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smalls Falls, a waterfall in Maine, is a series of waterfalls and cascades on the Sandy River in Township E, West Central Franklin, Maine, in the United States.	Smalls Falls	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1997 the independence of Lieshout came to an end when the village became part of the new municipality of Laarbeek.	Lieshout	Laarbeek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Skelton House is an historic house in Falmouth, Maine.	Thomas Skelton House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2001 German Athletics Championships were held at the Gottlieb-Daimler-Stadion in Stuttgart on 29 June -- 1 July 2001.	2001 German Athletics Championships	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Godavari district is a district in Coastal Andhra region of Andhra Pradesh, India.	East Godavari district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln Depot Museum is located at 41 South Water Street in Peekskill, New York inside the Peekskill Freight Depot.	Lincoln Depot Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gramercy Mansion is a historic mansion in Stevenson, Maryland, United States, located on Greenspring Valley Road near Stevenson University.	Gramercy Mansion	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palomar Ballroom, built in 1925, was a famous ballroom in Los Angeles, California, in the United States.	Palomar Ballroom	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parliament of the German-speaking Community (German: Parlament der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft or PDG) is the legislative assembly of the German-speaking Community of Belgium based in Eupen.	Parliament of the German-speaking Community	Eupen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasur District or Qasur District (Urdu: ضِلع قصُور‎), is one of the districts in the province of Punjab, Pakistan It came into existence on 1 July 1976.	Kasur District	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNNW (103.1 FM, ``103.1 Now FM'') is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station licensed to Columbia, Louisiana and serving the Monroe, Louisiana area.	KNNW	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubidze (duˈbid͡zɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dubidze	Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pike Place Market is a public market overlooking the Elliott Bay waterfront in Seattle, Washington, United States.	Pike Place Market	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hepka is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal.	Hepka	Humla District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Durham Town Hall is located at Main Street and Ridge Road in the center of New Durham, New Hampshire.	New Durham Town Hall	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwest College is a public two-year residential college located in Powell, Wyoming, 70 miles from Yellowstone National Park.	Northwest College	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Triangle Regional Airport (IATA: GTR, ICAO: KGTR, FAA LID: GTR) is a public use airport in Lowndes County, Mississippi, United States.	Golden Triangle Regional Airport	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drumeldrie is a hamlet in the East Neuk area of Fife, Scotland.	Drumeldrie	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Wythe University (GWU) is a non-profit classical liberal arts school in Salt Lake City, Utah which offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in the liberal arts, education and political philosophy.	George Wythe University	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holy Name Church Rectory, Convent and School is a historic church at 2920 and 2914 S. 3rd Street and 2911 and 2921 S. 4th Street in Louisville, Kentucky.	Holy Name Church Rectory, Convent and School	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habishi (Persian: حبيشي‎, also Romanized as Habīshī, Ḩobeyshī, and Hubaishi; also known as Ḩobeysh and Ḩobeysheh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Habishi	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targówek is a district in Warsaw, Poland located in the northern part of the city.	Targówek	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilaiyangudi,(Tamil: இளையான்குடி) also spelled Ilayangudi or Ilaiyangudi, is a taluk headquarters and Sub Town situated 21 km south-east of Manamadurai, in Sivaganga district, India.	Ilaiyangudi	Sivaganga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mireșu Mare (Hungarian: Nagynyíres) is a commune in Maramureș County, northwestern Romania.	Mireșu Mare	Maramureș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University Interscholastic League (UIL) Texas High School District 4-AA is a group of Conference AA schools in West Texas that compete with each other in friendly competition in interscholastic events in Sports, Music and Fine Arts, and Academics.	University Interscholastic League	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Custom House District is a historic district in Boston, Massachusetts located between the Fitzgerald Expressway (now Purchase St. / the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway) and Kilby Street and South Market and High and Batterymarch Streets.	Custom House District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apple Bowl is a multi-purpose stadium located at the Parkinson Recreation Area in Kelowna, British Columbia.	Apple Bowl	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashnola Pass is a mountain pass in the North Cascades of northwestern Washington in the Pasayten Wilderness.	Ashnola Pass	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prattville High School, formerly Autauga County High School, is a high school in Prattville, Alabama and forms part of the Autauga County School System.	Prattville High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District of Belconnen is one of the original eighteen districts of the Australian Capital Territory used in land administration.	Belconnen	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Postling village and civil parish is situated near the Roman road of Stone Street, about 17 miles (27 km) south of Canterbury, Kent, in South East England.	Postling	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Alpetta (2,764 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located near Disentis in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Alpetta	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azaz District (Arabic: منطقة أعزاز‎, translit. manṭiqat A'zāz) is a district of Aleppo Governorate in northern Syria.	Azaz District	Aleppo Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mummers Parade is held each New Year's Day in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.	Mummers Parade	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samułki Duże (saˈmuu̯kʲi ˈduʐɛ) (Ukrainian: Самулки Великі, Samulky Velyki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Samułki Duże	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puttabong (Tukvar) Tea Estate falls under the District of Darjeeling, West Bengal, India.	Puttabong (Tukvar) Tea Estate	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bur Kheyl-e Arateh (Persian: بورخيل ارطه‎, also Romanized as Būr Kheyl-e Araţeh; also known as Būr Kheyl) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bur Kheyl-e Arateh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arroio Grande (Portuguese meaning the big stream) is a Brazilian municipality in the southern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Arroio Grande	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Falls Incline Railway, originally known as the Horseshoe Falls Incline is a funicular railway in the city of Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Falls Incline Railway	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shrine of the Grotto of the Redemption is a religious shrine located in West Bend, Iowa, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City.	Grotto of the Redemption	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaveh-ye Kalateh (Persian: گوه كلاته‎, also Romanized as Gaveh-ye Kalāteh) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gaveh-ye Kalateh	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elberfeld is a municipal subdivision of the German city of Wuppertal; it was an independent town until 1929.	Elberfeld	Wuppertal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolbad-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان كلبادغربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kolbad District, Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kolbad-e Gharbi Rural District	Kolbad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pinehills is a census-designated place (CDP) located in the Pine Hills region of Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States.	The Pinehills	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śrem County (Polish: powiat śremski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Śrem County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willard Pond is a small, protected lake in Antrim, New Hampshire, United States.	Willard Pond	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of King John III's Palace at Wilanów (Polish: Muzeum Pałacu Króla Jana III w Wilanowie) is a museum in Warsaw, Poland considered to be one of the oldest in the country and the repository of the country's royal and artistic heritage.	Museum of King John III's Palace at Wilanów	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brown Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in Shrewsbury, Vermont.	Brown Covered Bridge	Shrewsbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Sugar Refinery was a sugar refinery based in East Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Boston Sugar Refinery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starkweather Hall, also known as Starkweather Religious Center, is a religious and educational building located at 901 West Forest Avenue in Ypsilanti, Michigan, on the campus of Eastern Michigan University.	Starkweather Hall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stężyca-Kolonia (stɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnystaw, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stężyca-Kolonia	Gmina Krasnystaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayzdin (Persian: ايزدين‎, also Romanized as Ayzdīn; also known as Azdīn) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ayzdin	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osiek Piaseczny (ˈɔɕɛk pjaˈsɛt͡ʂnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osiek Piaseczny	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Barbara County Courthouse is located at 1100 Anacapa Street, in downtown Santa Barbara, California.	Santa Barbara County Courthouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Kolmarz (Persian: ميان كلمرز‎, also Romanized as Mīān Kolmarz) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mian Kolmarz	Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Earlsfield is an area within the London Borough of Wandsworth, London, England.	Earlsfield	London Borough of Wandsworth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka Ludomska (dɔmˈbrufka luˈdɔmska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dąbrówka Ludomska	Gmina Ryczywół
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Applied Technology College (SWATC) is a public technical training institution located in Cedar City, Utah and serving Beaver, Garfield, Iron and Kane counties.	Southwest Applied Technology College	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان زياران‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ziaran Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alswear is a village in Devon, England, approximately 25 miles (40 km) northwest of Exeter.	Alswear	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWXY is a Class C commercial AM radio station licensed to Cathedral City, California, USA.	KWXY	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tenino Depot, located in Tenino, Washington, was built by the Northern Pacific Railroad in 1914 along the mainline from Portland, Oregon to Tacoma, Washington.	Tenino Depot	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	14 Wall Street, originally the Bankers Trust Company Building, is a skyscraper at 14 Wall Street at the corner of Broad Street and running through to Pine Street in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City.	14 Wall Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trifaoui (Arabic: ﺗﺮﻳﻔﺎوى‎) is a town and commune in Hassi Khelifa District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Trifaoui	Hassi Khelifa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wołcza Mała (ˈvɔu̯t͡ʂa ˈmawa) (German: Klein Volz; Kashubian: Môłô Wôłczô) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wołcza Mała	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erie Air Park (FAA LID: 3H5) is a public use ultralight airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) north of the central business district of Erie, a village in Whiteside County, Illinois, United States.	Erie Air Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memphis Municipal Airport (FAA LID: F21) is a city-owned public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) northeast of the central business district of Memphis, a city in Hall County, Texas, United States.	Memphis Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamilton Wetland Restoration Project is a joint venture between two public agencies; the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is the lead federal agency with the California Coastal Conservancy as the local sponsoring agency.	Hamilton Wetland Restoration Project	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haiya (Pronunciation: hi-yah) (Thai: หายยา) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Mai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Haiya	Mueang Chiang Mai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Breton Island is part of the province of Nova Scotia, Canada.	Cape Breton Island	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzeniówka (stʂɛˈɲufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strzeniówka	Gmina Nadarzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klang River (Malay: Sungai Klang) is a river which flows through Kuala Lumpur and Selangor in Malaysia and eventually flows into the Straits of Malacca.	Klang River	Kuala Lumpur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center is a 188-bed medical facility located in Corvallis, Oregon, United States.	Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antioch University Los Angeles (AULA) is a small non-profit private liberal arts school currently located in Culver City, California, United States.	Antioch University Los Angeles	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnocice (t͡ʂarnɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czarnocice	Gmina Bytoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballarat Central (known as the Central Business Area by the City of Ballarat and sometimes simply as ``Ballarat'') is the central locality of Greater Ballarat in Victoria, Australia.	Ballarat Central	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sveitarfélagið Árborg is the biggest municipality in southern Iceland founded in 1998.	Árborg	Iceland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherlock Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located approximately 54 kilometres (34 mi) East of Roebourne in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Sherlock Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James P. Johnson House is a building and property in Thompsons Station, Tennessee, United States, that dates from 1854 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.	James P. Johnson House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Yarollah (Persian: تلمبه ياراله‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Yārollāh) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Yarollah	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mariopol (maˈrjɔpɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mariopol	Gmina Dąbrowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schloss Meseberg is a Baroque castle 65 kilometres north of Berlin in Meseberg in Brandenburg, Germany which is the retreat of the Chancellor of Germany and the official state guest house of the German Federal Government.	Schloss Meseberg	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elżbieta-Kolonia (ɛlʐˈbjɛta kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Elżbieta-Kolonia	Gmina Opole Lubelskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ranger Uranium Mine is a uranium mine in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Ranger Uranium Mine	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyauktada Township (Burmese: ကျောက်တံတား မြို့နယ် (tɕaʊʔdədá mjo̰nɛ̀)) is the center of downtown Yangon, Myanmar.	Kyauktada Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapargah (Persian: كپرگاه‎, also Romanized as Kapargāh, Gapargah, Kafargāh, Khafargāh, and Khafr Gāh) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kapargah	Hemmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keli Malek (Persian: كليملك‎, also Romanized as Kelī Malek) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Keli Malek	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swattenden is a small settlement near Cranbrook, Kent, UK.	Swattenden	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Methodist Episcopal Church of Wessington Springs is a historic church at the SE Corner of Main and State Streets in Wessington Springs, South Dakota.	Methodist Episcopal Church of Wessington Springs	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highfield Church is a parish church in the Highfield district of Southampton, England.	Highfield Church	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sidney Walnut Avenue Historic District is a neighborhood and historic district on the western side of the city of Sidney, Ohio, United States.	Sidney Walnut Avenue Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallamölla is the biggest waterfall in Skåne County, Sweden with a height of 23 metres.	Hallamölla	Skåne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myothit Township (Burmese: မြို့သစ် မြို့နယ်) is a township of Magway District in the Magway Division of Myanmar.	Myothit Township	Magway District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watson Log Cabin at 560 N. Lake Blvd, Tahoe City, California was built in 1908 by Robert Montgomery Watson.	Watson Log Cabin	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGNA-FM (known on-air as 107.7 WGNA) is a country music-formatted radio station licensed to Albany, New York and serving New York's Capital District.	WGNA-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bloody Tubs (or Blood Tubs) were a nineteenth-century gang of opportunistic street thugs in Baltimore, Maryland, who worked primarily for nativist Know Nothing politicians to commit election fraud.	Bloody Tubs	Baltimore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monetki (mɔˈnɛtki) (German: Sophiental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Monetki	Gmina Ryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seabury-Western Theological Seminary was a seminary of The Episcopal Church, located in Chicago, Illinois.	Seabury-Western Theological Seminary	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mogallu (Telugu: మోగల్లు; e-governance code: 534209) is the most populous village in Palakoderu mandal, located 10 km from Bhimavaram City in West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India	Mogallu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knezdol (pronounced (ˈkneːzdɔl)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trbovlje in central Slovenia.	Knezdol	Trbovlje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warszyn (ˈvarʂɨn) (formerly German Warsin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Warszyn	Gmina Dolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spring Valley Presbyterian Church, also known as the Zena Church, in the community of Zena, is a Presbyterian congregation approximately 10 miles northwest of Salem, Oregon, United States.	Spring Valley Presbyterian Church	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murphree Area is an historic residence hall complex on the northern edge of the University of Florida campus in Gainesville, Florida.	Murphree Area	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Building at 1-7 Moscow Street in Quincy, Massachusetts, is a rare turn-of-the-20th century wood frame apartment house.	Building at 1-7 Moscow Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dushingan (Persian: دوشينگان‎, also Romanized as Dūshingān; also known as Dūshangān, Dooshangān, and Dūshīgān) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dushingan	Darmian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bloomingdale Line was constructed in 1873 by the Chicago and Pacific Railroad Company as part of the 36-mile (58 km) Elgin subdivision from Halsted Street in Chicago to the suburb of Elgin, Illinois.	Bloomingdale Line	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXHT (Hot 107.1) is a Hip-Hop-intense mainstream urban radio station licensed to Marion, Arkansas and serves the Memphis, Tennessee, area.	KXHT	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Confederate Monument in Perryville is a historic monument located by the visitor center of the Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site, in the vicinity of Perryville, Kentucky, in Boyle County, Kentucky, USA.	Confederate Monument in Perryville	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osmolinek (ɔsmɔˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osmolinek	Gmina Bodzanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell al-Fakhar (Arabic: تل الفخار‎ ``Pottery Mound'') is a tell, or archaeological settlement mound, in Kirkuk Governorate, northeastern Iraq.	Tell al-Fakhar	Iraq
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harvey P. Sutton House, also known as the H.P. Sutton House, is a six-bedroom, 4,000-square-foot (370 m2) Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home at 602 Norris Avenue in McCook, Nebraska.	Harvey P. Sutton House	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green-Hartsfield House, also known as the Hartsfield House, is a historic home located near Rolesville, Wake County, North Carolina, a satellite town northeast of the state capital Raleigh.	Green-Hartsfield House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graham Hill Elementary School is an elementary school located in the Seward Park neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, USA.	Graham Hill Elementary School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spahn Ranch, also known as the Spahn Movie Ranch, was a 500-acre (2.0 km2) movie ranch in Los Angeles County, California, used for filming generally Western-themed movies and television programs.	Spahn Ranch	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Promont is a historic house in Milford, Ohio, United States, which was built in 1865 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.	Promont	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holosiivskyi District (Ukrainian: Голосіївський район, translit.: Holosiivs’kyi raion) is an urban district of the city of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Holosiivskyi District	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Square Arch is a marble triumphal arch built in 1892 in Washington Square Park in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan in New York City.	Washington Square Arch	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanno (German: Nain, Ladin: Nan) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Trento.	Nanno	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Occoneechee State Park is a state park near Clarksville, Virginia, located along Buggs Island Lake.	Occoneechee State Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Evelyn Site, also referred to as Illinois Archaeological Survey No. Ke-52, is a 12-acre (4.9 ha) archaeological site near Newark in Big Grove Township, Kendall County, Illinois, United States.	Evelyn Site	Kendall County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerdak (Persian: گردك‎, Sorani Kurdish: گردەک) is a village in Sharwineh Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gerdak	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanzaq (Persian: كنزق‎; also known as Ganzaq, Ganzegh, Genzek, Kanzag, and Katīraq) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kanzaq	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cable Airport (IATA: CCB, ICAO: KCCB, FAA LID: CCB) is a non-towered public-use airport located two miles (3 km) northwest of the central business district of Upland, a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Cable Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karah (Persian: كراه‎, also Romanized as Karāh) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Karah	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuzah Topraqi (Persian: كوزه تپراقي‎, also Romanized as Kūzah Toprāqī; also known as Kūzah Torpāqī) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kuzah Topraqi	Fuladlui Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boyington Oak is a historic Southern live oak in Mobile, Alabama.	Boyington Oak	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnogoździce (t͡ʂarnɔɡɔʑˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ) (German: Hohenwarte; until 1936: Zwornogoschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czarnogoździce	Gmina Krośnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	House at 60 William Street is a historic house at 19 Jefferson Street in the Newton Corner village of Newton, Massachusetts.	House at 60 William Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomaia is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Santa Luce, in the Province of Pisa.	Pomaia	Santa Luce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meehaz Mountain is a mountain in the Cassiar Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of the headwaters of Teslin River and to the south of the Atsutla Range.	Meehaz Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galsi I (community development block) (Bengali: গলসি I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Durgapur subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Galsi I (community development block)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierzchnia (ˈpjɛʂxɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pierzchnia	Gmina Stara Błotnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridge Creek Wildlife Area is a wildlife management area located near Ukiah, Oregon, United States.	Bridge Creek Wildlife Area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brainerd Schoolhouse is a one room schoolhouse, located in Mount Holly Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	Brainerd School	Mount Holly Township
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ermesinde is a civil parish in the municipality (concelho) of Valongo, in continental Portugal, 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) northeast of Porto.	Ermesinde	Valongo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikveh Israel Cemetery is the oldest Jewish cemetery in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (the oldest in the United States is the first cemetery of Congregation Shearith Israel in New York).	Mikveh Israel Cemetery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanarmon Mynydd Mawr, occasionally referred to as Llanarmon Fach, is an isolated rural parish in Powys, Wales.	Llanarmon Mynydd Mawr	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sajtovići (Cyrillic: Сајтовићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sajtovići	Kalesija
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Rosenthal was a local government area south and west of the regional centre of Warwick in the Darling Downs region of Queensland.	Shire of Rosenthal	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cumberland Gap is a narrow pass through the long ridge of the Cumberland Mountains, within the Appalachian Mountains, near the junction of the U.S. states of Kentucky, Virginia, and Tennessee.	Cumberland Gap	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosedale Field was a grandstand stadium located in Rosedale Park at 20 Scholfield Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Rosedale Field	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lichtaart is a village in Belgium, in the province of Antwerp and municipality of Kasterlee.	Lichtaart	Kasterlee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paunsaugunt Plateau (pronounced ``PAWN-suh-gant'') is a dissected plateau, rising to an elevation of 7,000--9,300 feet (2,100--2,800 m), in southwestern Utah in the United States.	Paunsaugunt Plateau	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Berkeh (Persian: چم بركه‎) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Cham-e Berkeh	Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hormuz District (Persian: بخش هرمز‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hormuz District	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Mentelle is a limestone headland on the Indian Ocean coast of south-western Western Australia.	Cape Mentelle	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huerta Real is a village located in the Benamaurel municipality, province of Granada, Spain.	Huerta Real	Benamaurel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miami University Art Museum is a public art museum located on the campus of Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.	Miami University Art Museum	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oława County (Polish: powiat oławski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Oława County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysokie Mazowieckie County (Polish: powiat wysokomazowiecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Podlaskie Voivodeship, north-eastern Poland.	Wysokie Mazowieckie County	Podlaskie Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murthly (Scottish Gaelic Mòrthlaich) is a village in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Murthly	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auburn Tunnel was a 19th-century canal tunnel built for the Schuylkill Canal, near Auburn, Pennsylvania.	Auburn Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Margaret Court Arena is an Australian tennis and multi-purpose sports and entertainment venue located in Melbourne, Victoria.	Margaret Court Arena	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kuwait National Museum is the national museum of Kuwait, located in Kuwait City.	Kuwait National Museum	Kuwait City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackson Collins House in Centreville, Maryland was built in 1887 of pressed brick.	Jackson Collins House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hearn and Rawlins Mill, also known as the Cannon and Ross Mill and Hearn Mill, is a historic grist mill complex located near Seaford, Sussex County, Delaware.	Hearn and Rawlins Mill	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kennedy Range National Park is a national park in Gascoyne region of Western Australia (Australia), approximately 830 kilometres (520 mi) north of Perth and about 150 km (93 mi) east of Carnarvon.	Kennedy Range National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalkushk (Persian: كل كوشك‎, also Romanized as Kalkūshk, Kalkūshak, and Kal Kūshk) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kalkushk	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chippewa Correctional Facility (URF) is a prison for men located in the Upper Peninsula (UP) of Michigan and part of the Michigan Department of Corrections (MDOC).	Chippewa Correctional Facility	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Leesburg, Florida, USA, the station is currently owned by Rama Communications, Inc. WQBQ also has a Facebook page: www.facebook.com/TheQ1410.	WQBQ	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoyt Radio Tower is the tallest man-made structure in Colorado and one of the tallest in the world.	Hoyt Radio Tower	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Mesa Observatory (BMO), also referred to Magdalena Peak Station for the International Planetary Patrol Program, was an astronomical observatory owned and operated by New Mexico State University (NMSU).	Blue Mesa Observatory	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Rismani (Persian: حسين ابادريسماني‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Rīsmānī) is a village in Fahraj Rural District, in the Central District of Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Rismani	Fahraj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Army War College (USAWC) is a United States Army institution in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, on the 500-acre (2 km²) campus of the historic Carlisle Barracks.	United States Army War College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalibaf-e Sofla (Persian: قالي باف سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qālībāf-e Soflá; also known as Qālībāf-e Pā’īn) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qalibaf-e Sofla	Firuzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greengate School for Dyslexia is a private, non-profit school located in Huntsville, Madison County, Alabama.	Greengate School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Qorqoru (Persian: اب قرقرو‎, also Romanized as Āb Qorqorū) is a village in Paskhan Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Qorqoru	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lędowo-Osiedle (lɛnˈdɔvɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lędowo-Osiedle	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ramshorn Theatre is located in Ingram Street in the Merchant City area of Glasgow, Scotland.	Ramshorn Theatre	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Saint Mary (USM) is a private liberal arts university in Leavenworth, Kansas, United States.	University of Saint Mary	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aircraft Warning Service Observation Tower in Agnew, Washington was built in 1941 as a spotting station for Aircraft Warning Service volunteers watching for intruding Japanese airplanes during World War II. The tower's original site was near Dungeness, but in 1992 the tower was moved to its present location.	Aircraft Warning Service Observation Tower	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavras do Sul is a Brazilian municipality in the southwestern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Lavras do Sul	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martinsburg Town Hall, also known as First Lewis County Courthouse, is a historic town hall located at Martinsburg in Lewis County, New York.	Martinsburg Town Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Paschang Catholic School (Chinese: 天主教柏德學校) is a government-aided, whole dayRoman Catholic coeducational primary school located in Kowloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Bishop Paschang Catholic School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghias ol Din (Persian: غياث الدين‎, also Romanized as Ghīās̄ ol Dīn, Ghīās̄ od Dīn, and Ghīās̄ ed Dīn) is a village in Mud Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ghias ol Din	Mud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaribieh (Persian: يربيعي‎, also Romanized as Yaribi``eh; also known as Yorbī``ī, Yorebey``ī, Yowrabī``eh, and Yowraybīyeh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 4 families.	Yaribieh	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostam Khan Judaki (Persian: رستم خان جودکي‎, also Romanized as Rostam Khān Jūdakī; also known as Rostam Khān and Rustam Khān) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rostam Khan Judaki	Veysian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gołutowo (ɡɔwuˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gołutowo	Gmina Rychliki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teror is a town and a municipality in the northern part of the island of Gran Canaria in the Province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands.	Teror	Gran Canaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abermagwr is a small settlement in the county of Ceredigion, Wales.	Abermagwr	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabeth Castle is a castle and tourist attraction, on a tidal island within the parish of Saint Helier, Jersey.	Elizabeth Castle	Saint Helier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackowo Dolne (jat͡sˈkɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jackowo Dolne	Gmina Somianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	WZAB (880 AM, ``The Biz'') is a business news and talk radio station serving the South Florida area of Miami and Fort Lauderdale.	WZAB	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Peter Island is an island in the Nuyts Archipelago on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia near Ceduna.	St Peter Island	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żużoły (ʐuˈʐɔwɨ) (German: Wiesensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Żużoły	Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Malek (Persian: احمدابادملك‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Malek) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Malek	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Papanack Park Zoo is a small zoo in Wendover, Ontario.	Papanack Park Zoo	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nares Lake is a lake in the southern Yukon between Bennett Lake and Tagish Lake that lies below Nares Mountain.	Nares Lake	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sterling & Francine Clark Art Institute, referred to as ``The Clark'', is an art museum with a large collection located in Williamstown, Massachusetts, United States.	Clark Art Institute	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amidabad (Persian: عميداباد‎, also Romanized as ``Amīdābād; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Sain Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,482, in 641 families.	Amidabad	Sain Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medusa Steel Coaster is a steel roller coaster from Six Flags México.	Medusa Steel Coaster	Six Flags México
located in the administrative territorial entity	Exploits Valley High school is located at 392 Grenfell Heights in Grand Falls-Windsor, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Exploits Valley High	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruce Campbell Field (IATA: DXE, ICAO: KMBO, FAA LID: MBO) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Madison, a city in Madison County, Mississippi, United States.	Bruce Campbell Field	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marnab (Persian: مرناب‎, also Romanized as Marnāb; also known as Maranū) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marnab	Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawrocko (naˈvrɔt͡skɔ) (German: Liebenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nawrocko	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerrit Haring House is a historic house at 224 Old Tappan Road in Old Tappan, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Gerrit Haring House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faramarzan Rural District (Persian: دهستان فرامرزان‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Jenah District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Faramarzan Rural District	Jenah District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foxearth is a village on the borders of north Essex and Suffolk in England, between Long Melford and Cavendish.	Foxearth	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Doniphan, Missouri, USA, KDFN is owned by Eagle Bluff Enterprises.	KDFN	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Counterfeit Lake is a circular, natural freshwater lake in Highlands County, Florida.	Counterfeit Lake	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Golshan (Persian: ده گلشن‎) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Deh-e Golshan	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tooele Chemical Agent Disposal Facility (also called Tooele Chemical Demilitarization Facility) or TOCDF, is a U.S. Army facility located at Deseret Chemical Depot in Tooele County, Utah that was used for dismantling chemical weapons.	Tooele Chemical Agent Disposal Facility	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Vazireh (Persian: شهرك وزيره‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Vazīreh) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Vazireh	Rizab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Islamic Cultural Center of New York is a mosque and Islamic cultural center in the borough of Manhattan in New York City, United States.	Islamic Cultural Center of New York	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wisconsin State Capitol, in Madison, Wisconsin, houses both chambers of the Wisconsin legislature along with the Wisconsin Supreme Court and the Office of the Governor.	Wisconsin State Capitol	Madison
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olbrych (ˈɔlbrɨx) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Olbrych	Gmina Złota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto Martins is a civil parish in the municipality of Praia da Vitória, on the island of Terceira in the Portuguese Azores.	Porto Martins	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrah's Casino Tunica, formerly Grand Casino Tunica, was a casino and resort located in Tunica Resorts, Mississippi.	Harrah's Casino Tunica	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jezierzysk (jɛˈʑɛʐɨsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jezierzysk	Gmina Czarna Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sulphur Bank Mine is located near Clearlake Oaks and Clear Lake in Lake County, California.	Sulphur Bank Mine	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kul Bazan-e Yek (Persian: كول بزان يك‎, also Romanized as Kūl Bazān-e Yek) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kul Bazan-e Yek	Tolbozan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Güney Qışlaq (until 2003, Yuxarı Remeşin, Yukhari-Rameshin, and Yukhary Remeshin) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Güney Qışlaq	Shahbuz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sielec-Kolonia (ˈɕɛlɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sielec-Kolonia	Gmina Skalbmierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plane Space was a contemporary art gallery located in the Greenwich Village district of Manhattan.	Plane Space	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mielżyn (ˈmjɛlʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mielżyn	Gmina Witkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richard B. Russell Lake (known to locals as simply ``Lake Russell'') is a reservoir created by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers by construction of Richard B. Russell Dam on the Savannah River bordering Elbert County, Georgia and Abbeville and Anderson counties in South Carolina.	Richard B. Russell Lake	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evans Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel on the campus of the University of Denver, in Colorado.	Evans Memorial Chapel	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaleshom (Persian: چال شم‎, also Romanized as Chāleshom; also known as Chalisham and Chalistan) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chaleshom	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huilong Yi Ethnic Township (simplified Chinese: 回隆彝族乡; traditional Chinese: 回隆彝族鄉; pinyin: Huílóng Yízú Xiāng) is a township of Shimian County in western Sichuan province, China, located 5.6 kilometres (3.5 mi) southeast of the county seat as the crow flies along China National Highway 108.	Huilong Yi Ethnic Township	Shimian County
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Theodore Guerin High School is a private Roman Catholic college-preparatory high school located in Noblesville, Indiana, a northern Indianapolis suburb.	St. Theodore Guerin High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strawberry Reservoir is a large reservoir in the U.S. state of Utah.	Strawberry Reservoir	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barway is a hamlet in Cambridgeshire, England, about three miles south of Ely.	Barway	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byron Northview Public School is an elementary school in the community of Byron in London, Ontario, Canada and part of the Thames Valley District School Board.	Byron Northview Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wallowa Lake Tramway is an aerial cable gondola lift near Joseph, Oregon, in the Wallowa-Whitman National Forest of the United States, named for Wallowa Lake.	Wallowa Lake Tramway	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Parang or Gunung Parang (gunung-mountain, parang-machete), is a mountain in the Purwakarta Regency of West Java in Indonesia.	Mount Parang	Purwakarta Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Malang Kharut (Persian: حاجي ملنگ خروط‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Malang Kharūţ) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Malang Kharut	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWLZ (820 AM) is a radio station in the Elmira-Corning market in New York state.	WWLZ	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Antônio do Içá is a community and a municipality in the state of Amazonas near the Columbian border in Brazil.	Santo Antônio do Içá	Amazonas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raggeds Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the Elk Mountains northwest of Crested Butte, Colorado.	Raggeds Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tikhoretsk (Russian: Тихоре́цк) is a town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Tikhoretsk	Krasnodar Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Feathers Casino Resort is a 298-room, AAA three-star hotel and casino located in Canyonville, Oregon, United States.	Seven Feathers Casino Resort	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naqib Deh (Persian: نقيب ده‎, also Romanized as Naqīb Deh) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Naqib Deh	Tangeh Soleyman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Madison School, also known as East Scranton Intermediate School and East Scranton Junior High School, is a historic school building located at Scranton, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.	James Madison School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilldale Shopping Center, also known locally as Hilldale, is a partially enclosed shopping mall in Madison, Wisconsin.	Hilldale Shopping Center	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bambiderstroff (German: Baumbiedersdorf) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Bambiderstroff	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort de Cavagnial (also known as Fort Cavagnolle or Post of the Missouri or Fort de la Trinité) was a French fort on the Missouri River somewhere north of Kansas City, Missouri and Fort Leavenworth, Kansas from 1744 until about 1764.	Fort de Cavagnial	Kansas City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Key Building (formerly known as the Second National Bank Building) is a high-rise building in Akron, Ohio, United States.	Key Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1440 Canal, also formerly known as the Tidewater Building and Tidewater Place, located at 1440 Canal Street in the Medical District of the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is officially a 24-story, 288 feet (88 m)-tall high-rise building designed in the by Kessels-Diboll-Kessels.	1440 Canal	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curlew Valley is a 23-mile (37 km) long valley located in north Utah on the northern border of the Great Salt Lake.	Curlew Valley	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Maitland railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia serving East Maitland.	East Maitland railway station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chadkirk Chapel is a redundant chapel near Romiley in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport in Greater Manchester, England.	Chadkirk Chapel	Stockport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Hasan Qoli (Persian: كلاته حسنقلي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩasan Qolī) is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Hasan Qoli	Gholaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quri Gol (Persian: قوري گل‎, also Romanized as Qūrī Gol) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Quri Gol	Vargahan Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pampa del Tamarugal National Reserve is a nature reserve of northern Chile's Tarapacá Region located in the Pampa del Tamarugal, about 70 km (43 mi) east of Iquique.	Pampa del Tamarugal National Reserve	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navaly or Navaaly is a town in the Jaffna District of Sri Lanka and it is located about 8 km from Jaffna.	Navaly	Jaffna District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Briston is a village, civil parish and electoral ward in the English county of Norfolk.	Briston	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Madison Museum located in Orange, Virginia is a museum dedicated to 4th President of the United States James Madison and his wife, Dolley Madison.	James Madison Museum	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garrison Channel is one of several channels for boat traffic in and around the Port of Tampa in Tampa, Florida.	Garrison Channel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agassiz National Wildlife Refuge is located in northwest Minnesota.	Agassiz National Wildlife Refuge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surrey Memorial Hospital (SMH) is a publicly funded hospital in the city of Surrey, British Columbia, Canada.	Surrey Memorial Hospital	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabin Creek USFS Airport (FAA LID: I08) is a public-use airport in Valley County, Idaho, United States.	Cabin Creek USFS Airport	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The R702 road is a regional road in Ireland which runs west-east from the N10 at Coolgrange in County Kilkenny through Gowran before crossing into County Carlow at Goresbridge.	R702 road	County Carlow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Didejan (Persian: ديدجان‎, also Romanized as Dīdejān; also known as Dīdeh Jān) is a village in Padena-ye Vosta Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Didejan	Padena-ye Vosta Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumanli (Persian: دومانلي‎, also Romanized as Dūmānlī) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Dumanli	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pałubice (pawuˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pałubice	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Fremantle is a local government area in southern metropolitan Perth, Western Australia.	City of Fremantle	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Charles Regional Airport (IATA: LCH, ICAO: KLCH, FAA LID: LCH) is a public use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) south of the central business district of Lake Charles, a city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Lake Charles Regional Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Preston is a rocky headland located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia and is situated 67 kilometres (42 mi) West South West from Karratha.	Cape Preston	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albatera (Spanish pronunciation: (alβaˈteɾa)) is a town and municipality located in the comarca of Vega Baja del Segura, in the province of Alicante, part of the Valencian Community, Spain.	Albatera	Vega Baja del Segura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peabody-Burns Junior/Senior High School is a public high school in Peabody, Kansas, United States operated by Unified School District 398, and serves students of grades 7 to 12.	Peabody-Burns Junior/Senior High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nosrat (Persian: نصرت‎, also Romanized as Noşrat) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nosrat	Dehqanan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poet's Seat Tower is a 1912 sandstone observation tower, located in Greenfield, Massachusetts.	Poet's Seat Tower	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Museum of Cambodia (Khmer: សារមន្ទីរជាតិ) in Phnom Penh is Cambodia's largest museum of cultural history and is the country's leading historical and archaeological museum.	National Museum of Cambodia	Phnom Penh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gerald Ratner Athletics Center is a $51 million athletics facility within the University of Chicago campus in the Hyde Park community area on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois in the United States.	Gerald Ratner Athletics Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyrabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان خيرآباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kheyrabad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prospect Street Historic District encompasses a residential area northeast located in New London, Connecticut.	Prospect Street Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leiden (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈlɛi̯.də(n)); in English and archaic Dutch also Leyden) is a city and municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.	Leiden	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keräntöjärvi is a small settler village in the northern part of Pajala Municipality, Sweden.	Keräntöjärvi	Pajala Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baseball Factory Field at UMBC is a baseball field located on the campus of the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in Catonsville, Maryland, United States.	The Baseball Factory Field at UMBC	University of Maryland, Baltimore County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolno (ˈdɔlnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dolno	Gmina Trzebielino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culkein Stoer (Scottish Gaelic: An Cùl-cinn) is a remote former fishing village, centred on the Bay of Culkein, in Assynt in Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Culkein	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	God's Bible School and College is a non-denominational Bible college in Cincinnati, Ohio, founded in 1900.	God's Bible School and College	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galle is the administrative capital of Southern Province, Sri Lanka and is the district capital of Galle District.	Galle	Southern Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cido Arena is the largest multifunctional arena in Panevėžys, Lithuania.	Cido Arena	Panevėžys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cobden Bridge is a major road bridge in Southampton, UK.	Cobden Bridge	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirta Gangga is a former royal palace in eastern Bali, Indonesia, about 5 kilometres from Karangasem, near Abang.	Tirta Gangga	Bali
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Rock National Wildlife Refuge is 0.5 miles (0.80 km) offshore from Crescent City in northern California.	Castle Rock National Wildlife Refuge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Koppelpoort is a medieval gate in the Dutch town Amersfoort.	Koppelpoort	Amersfoort
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tut-e Chehreh (Persian: توت چهره‎‎, also Romanized as Tūt-e Chehreh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tut-e Chehreh	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stockade Historic District is located in the northwest corner of Schenectady, New York, United States, on the banks of the Mohawk River.	Stockade Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	TPC Boston is a private golf club located in Norton, Massachusetts, approximately 25 miles south of Boston.	TPC Boston	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYIS (98.9 FM, ``98.9 KISS FM'') is a hot adult contemporary radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by Cumulus Media.	KYIS	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roman Catholic titular church of Santi Quirico e Giulitta (Saints Quiricus and Julietta) in Rome is named after a son and mother who were martyred in 304 AD in Tarsus.	Santi Quirico e Giulitta	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion is a landmark public pavilion in the Sunnyside lakefront area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamdibulok (sometimes written Tamdibulak, Tamdybulak, or Tomdibuloq) is a town and seat of Tamdy District in Navoiy Region in Uzbekistan.	Tamdibulok	Tamdy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jupar (Persian: جوپار‎, also Romanized as Jūpār) is a city in Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jupar	Mahan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Sign Museum in Cincinnati, Ohio, preserves, archives, and displays a collection of signs.	American Sign Museum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeonsu District (Yeonsu-gu) is a district in southern Incheon, South Korea.	Yeonsu District	Incheon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niebrów (ˈɲebruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niebrów	Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Egg Harbor City School District is a comprehensive community public school district responsible for the education of children in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Egg Harbor City, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Egg Harbor City School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brion Island (French: Île Brion) is a currently uninhabited island in the Magdalen Islands archipelago in the middle of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and part of the municipality of Grosse-Île, Gaspésie--	Brion Island	Grosse-Île
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marmat (Persian: مرمت‎) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marmat	Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anaktuvuk Pass Airport (IATA: AKP, ICAO: PAKP, FAA LID: AKP) is a public use airport located in Anaktuvuk Pass, a city in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Anaktuvuk Pass Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Audun-le-Roman (Lorrain: Audeu, German: Welsch-Oth) is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.	Audun-le-Roman	Meurthe-et-Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles Armstrong School, located in Belmont, California, is an independent, non-profit, co-educational lower and middle day school specializing in teaching students with language-based learning differences, such as dyslexia.	Charles Armstrong School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charleston City Hall is a historic city hall located at Charleston, West Virginia.	Charleston City Hall	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamal Jahan (Persian: جمال جهان‎, also Romanized as Jamāl Jahān) is a village in Tashan-e Gharbi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jamal Jahan	Tashan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schweinfurt (in German literally 'swine ford') is a city in the Lower Franconia region of Bavaria in Germany on the right bank of the navigable Main River, which is spanned by several bridges here, 27 km northeast of Würzburg.	Schweinfurt	Lower Franconia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gifford Park is a historic neighborhood in midtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Gifford Park	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młodawin Górny (mwɔˈdavin ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Młodawin Górny	Gmina Zapolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Newport History is a history museum in the Old Brick Market building in the heart of Newport, Rhode Island, United States.	Museum of Newport History	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Heydarqoli (Persian: برافتاب حيدرقلي‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Ḩeydarqolī; also known as Barāftāb) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Heydarqoli	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiling is a town under the jurisdiction of Wuhua County, Meizhou City, Guangdong Province, southern China.	Qiling	Wuhua County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oseredek (ɔsɛˈrɛdɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Oseredek	Gmina Susiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sameleh-ye Olya (Persian: سامله عليا‎, also Romanized as Sāmeleh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 30 families.	Sameleh-ye Olya	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knappogue Castle (Irish language: Caisleán na Cnapóige) is a tower house, built in 1467 and expanded in the mid-19th century, located in the parish of Quin, County Clare, Ireland.	Knappogue Castle	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansuri-ye Jonubi (Persian: منصوري جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Manşūrī-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mansuri-ye Jonubi	Ahram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTUM (107.1 FM, ``107.1 The Nerve'') is an American radio station licensed to serve Tatum, New Mexico, USA.	KTUM	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ledar (Persian: لدار‎, also Romanized as Ledār) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ledar	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	ThunderRidge High School (TRHS) is a public high school serving the ninth through twelfth grade in Highlands Ranch, Colorado.	ThunderRidge High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siahrud Sar (Persian: سياه رودسر‎, also Romanized as Sīāhrūd Sar) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Siahrud Sar	Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulatan (Persian: كولاتان‎, also Romanized as Kūlātān) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kulatan	Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kipling Collegiate Institute (Kipling CI, KCI, or Kipling) is a public high school in the Etobicoke area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada under the management of the Etobicoke Board of Education (now merged into the Toronto District School Board) since 1960.	Kipling Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apsiou (Greek: Αψιού) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 2 km east of Gerasa.	Apsiou	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tayab (Persian: تاياب‎, also Romanized as Tāyāb) is a village in Shurab Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tayab	Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	W. Erskine Johnston Public School is an elementary public school in the suburb of Kanata, in the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	W. Erskine Johnston Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Massac (or Fort Massiac) is a colonial and early National-era fort on the Ohio River in Massac County, Illinois, United States.	Fort Massac	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auckland Castle, also known as Auckland Palace and locally as the Bishop's Castle or Bishop's Palace, is located in Bishop Auckland, its neighbouring town in County Durham, England.	Auckland Castle	Bishop Auckland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindale High School (also called Lindale High, LHS or simply Lindale) is a public secondary school located in the Northeast Texas town of Lindale.	Lindale High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuczki (ˈkut͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kuczki	Gmina Uniejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qabaleh Kandi (Persian: قباله كندي‎, also Romanized as Qabāleh Kandī; also known as Qabāleh) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qabaleh Kandi	Angut-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szklarska Poręba (ˈʂklarska pɔˈrɛmba) (German: Schreiberhau) is a town in Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Szklarska Poręba	Jelenia Góra County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipal District of Opportunity No. 17 is a municipal district occupying a large remote area in central northern Alberta, Canada.	Municipal District of Opportunity No. 17	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ipswich River Wildlife Sanctuary, which is the Massachusetts Audubon Society's largest wildlife sanctuary, is located in Topsfield and Wenham, Massachusetts.	Ipswich River Wildlife Sanctuary	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Brunt House (also known as the Morris House) is a historic home in Miccosukee, northeastern Leon County, Florida, US.	Van Brunt House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dogoše (pronounced (dɔˈɡoːʃɛ)) is a village and a suburb of Maribor on the right bank of the Drava River in northeastern Slovenia in the Municipality of Maribor.	Dogoše	Maribor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longdowns is a village in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Longdowns	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalsinghsarai (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: दलसिंहसराय विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) was an assembly constituency in Samastipur district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Dalsinghsarai (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Samastipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabeth Place, or the Henry Bond Fargo House, is a historic residence in Geneva, Illinois in the Mission Revival style.	Elizabeth Place	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smarchowice Śląskie (smarxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ) (German Windisch-Marchwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Smarchowice Śląskie	Gmina Namysłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Müeterlishorn is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking the Göscheneralpsee in the canton of Uri.	Müeterlishorn	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Congregational Church, or the First Church of Monson is a historic church located in Monson, Massachusetts that is currently affiliated with the United Church of Christ.	First Church of Monson	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Modlany is situated between the two cities of Teplice and Ústí nad Labem in the Teplice District.	Modlany	Teplice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Dęblin (ˈnɔvɨ ˈdɛmblin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowy Dęblin	Gmina Ryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hraničná (German: Markhausen) is a district of the town of Kraslice in Sokolov District, Czech Republic.	Hraničná	Kraslice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gowan Block, also known as the Masonic Block, was built as a commercial building and meeting hall located at 416 Ashmun Street in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.	Gowan Block	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otmianowo (ɔtmjaˈnɔvɔ) (German: Ottmenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Otmianowo	Gmina Boniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aleth Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Pierre d'Aleth) was the cathedral of the Roman Catholic diocese of Aleth, now Saint-Servan in Saint-Malo, Brittany.	Aleth Cathedral	Saint-Malo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vodskov is a village near Aalborg in southern Vendsyssel with a population of 4,371 (1 January 2014) in Vodskov parish, Aalborg Municipality.	Vodskov	Aalborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menzieshill is an area of the city of Dundee, Scotland.	Menzieshill	Dundee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhuhai (/ˈdʒuːˈhaɪ/, Chinese: 珠海; pinyin: Zhūhǎi) is a prefecture-level city on the southern coast of Guangdong province in China.	Zhuhai	Guangdong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caerfarchell (Welsh pronunciation: (kaɪrvɑːrxɛɬ)) is a small village in Pembrokeshire, Wales, located 3 miles east of St Davids.	Caerfarchell	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Owens River Gorge is a steep 10 mi (16 km) canyon on the upper Owens River in eastern California in the United States.	Owens River Gorge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WestShore Plaza is an enclosed shopping mall located in the Westshore business district of Tampa, Florida, developed by Albert L. Manley of Boston, MA.	WestShore Plaza	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hitchcock Ichnological Cabinet is a collection of fossil footmarks assembled between 1836 and 1865 by Edward Hitchcock (1793--1864), noted American geologist, state geologist of Massachusetts, USA, and President of Amherst College.	Hitchcock Ichnological Cabinet	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Princeton Community High School is a four-year comprehensive secondary school in Princeton, Indiana.	Princeton Community High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horndon-on-the-Hill is a village and Church of England parish in the unitary authority of Thurrock, in the county of Essex, England.	Horndon-on-the-Hill	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paskeh (Persian: پاسكه‎, also Romanized as Pāskeh; also known as Bālā Pāsgeh, Dasht-e Bījār, and Pāsgeh) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Paskeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ju Jun (Chinese: 橘郡; pinyin: Jú jùn; literally: ``Orange County'') refers to a $60 million, 143-unit housing development situated about one hour north of Beijing, China, consisting entirely of expensive American-style townhouses and tract homes, decorated and furnished with American products.	Ju Jun	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lestima is a village in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia, on the right (east) bank of the Teenuse River.	Lestima	Märjamaa Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardiff State Beach is a protected beach in the state park system of California, USA, located near San Diego.	Cardiff State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bosilitsa (Bulgarian: Босилица) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Bosilitsa	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Hovell Dam is a rock and earth-fill embankment dam with a flip bucket chute spillway across the King River, located in the Hume region of Victoria, Australia.	William Hovell Dam	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abert Rim in Lake County, Oregon is one of the highest fault scarps in the United States.	Abert Rim	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esmailband (Persian: اسماعيل بند‎, also Romanized as Esmā``īlband; also known as Qal``eh-ye Esmā``īl Band) is a village in Aviz Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Esmailband	Aviz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph D. Oliver House, also known as Copshaholm, sits on 808 W. Washington Street, at the corner of Chapin Street in South Bend, Indiana.	Joseph D. Oliver House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Center for the Arts Eagle Rock, formerly known as the Eagle Rock Branch Library and the Eagle Rock Community Cultural Center, is a historic Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style building in Eagle Rock, in north-central Los Angeles County, California.	Center for the Arts Eagle Rock	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Croce in Via Flaminia is a basilica church dedicated to the Holy Cross on the Via Flaminia in Rome, Italy.	Santa Croce in Via Flaminia	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJSU-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a mix of 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s hits with some current hot adult contemporary singles at 89.7 FM in Duncan, British Columbia.	CJSU-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	According to research by Fundação Dom Cabral, Rio Grande do Norte is the second state with the best infrastructure in the Northeast Region and ninth in the country.	Rio Grande do Norte	Northeast Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mapes Hotel was a hotel and casino located in Reno, Nevada, next to the Truckee River on Virginia Street.	Mapes Hotel	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silifke (Greek: Σελεύκεια, Seleukeia, Latin: Seleucia ad Calycadnum) is a town and district in south-central Mersin Province, Turkey, 80 km (50 mi) west of the city of Mersin, on the west end of Çukurova.	Silifke	Mersin Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Faek (Thai: หนองแฝก) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Saraphi District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Nong Faek	Saraphi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrzewino (dɔbʐɛˈvinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dobrzewino	Gmina Szemud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwood Methodist Episcopal Church (Methodist Church Among the Maples) is a historic church at Hill and Union Streets in Norwood, Minnesota.	Norwood Methodist Episcopal Church	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spencer Butte is a prominent landmark in Lane County, Oregon, United States, on the southern edge of Eugene, with an elevation of 2,058 feet (627 m).	Spencer Butte	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Øvre Pasvik Landscape Protection Area (Norwegian: Øvre Pasvik landskapsvernområde), is located in Pasvikdalen in the municipality of Sør-Varanger in Finnmark, Norway.	Øvre Pasvik Landscape Protection Area	Finnmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village of Pouce Coupe (pronunciation: /puːsˈkuːpi/; French for ``cut thumb'') is a small town in northeastern British Columbia, Canada, and a member municipality of the Peace River Regional District.	Pouce Coupe	Peace River Regional District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shepway is a local government district in Kent, England which takes up the south-east corner of the county.	Shepway	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratchaprasong (Thai: ราชประสงค์, pronounced (râːt.t͡ɕʰā.prā.sǒŋ), also written Rajprasong) is the name of an intersection, and a shopping district named after it, in Pathum Wan District, Bangkok, adjacent to Siam area.	Ratchaprasong	Pathum Wan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Raki (Persian: چال راكي‎, also Romanized as Chāl Rāḵī) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Raki	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biltmore-Oteen Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Biltmore Village, Asheville, Buncombe County, North Carolina.	Biltmore-Oteen Bank Building	Asheville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wallaman Falls, a cascade and horsetail waterfall on the Stony Creek, is located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Wet Tropics in the northern region of Queensland, Australia.	Wallaman Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osidda (Sardinian: Osidde) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 140 kilometres (87 mi) north of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Nuoro.	Osidda	Province of Nuoro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanelly House (also spelled Llanelli House) is one of the most notable historic properties in Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, Wales--an excellent example of an early-18th-century Georgian town house.	Llanelly House	Llanelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Donato Val di Comino is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located in the Comino Valley about 110 kilometres (68 mi) east of Rome and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Frosinone.	San Donato Val di Comino	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Francis M. Stafford House is a historic house located at 102 Broadway Street in Paintsville, Kentucky, United States.	Francis M. Stafford House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hotel Kenmore Hall is a 22-story single room occupancy hotel located at 145 East 23rd Street in the Gramercy section of Manhattan, designed by architect Maurice Deutsch and constructed in 1927.	Hotel Kenmore Hall	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Priory Church of St. Mary, Bridlington, grid reference TA177680, commonly known as Bridlington Priory Church is a parish church in Bridlington, East Riding of Yorkshire, England, in the Diocese of York.	Bridlington Priory	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hudson Bay Mountain is an ultra prominent peak located above Smithers, British Columbia, Canada.	Hudson Bay Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steward Observatory is the research arm of the Department of Astronomy at the University of Arizona (UA).	Steward Observatory	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Bay Project (in French, projet de la Baie-James) refers to the construction by state-owned utility Hydro-Québec of a series of hydroelectric power stations on the La Grande River in northwestern Quebec, Canada, and the diversion of neighbouring rivers into the La Grande watershed.	James Bay Project	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bojmie (ˈbɔi̯mjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bojmie	Gmina Kotuń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Byham Theater is a landmark building at 101 Sixth Street in the Cultural District of Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Byham Theater	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLOR (1550 AM, ``Sunny 98'') is a radio station licensed to Huntsville, Alabama, USA, that serves the greater Tennessee Valley area.	WLOR	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac des Mille Lacs is a lake in the western part of Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Lac des Mille Lacs	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beeley is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of northern Derbyshire, near Bakewell.	Beeley	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pułazie-Świerże (puˈwaʑɛ ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pułazie-Świerże	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port Arthur Refinery is an oil refinery located in Port Arthur, Texas.	Port Arthur Refinery	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Park Secondary College is located in, Victoria, Australia with its Junior Campus located on Moorhead Drive Mill Park and its senior campus is located in on Civic Drive, Epping.	Mill Park Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białe-Zieje (ˈbjawɛ ˈʑejɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Białe-Zieje	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pipe, Wisconsin is an unincorporated community in the Town of Calumet in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States.	Pipe, Wisconsin	Fond du Lac County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayr/Sargeant Private Airfield, (TC LID: CAY5), is located 2.6 nautical miles (4.8 km; 3.0 mi) northwest of Ayr, Ontario, Canada.	Ayr/Sargeant Private Airfield	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Plassas, Is Pratzas or Is Platzas in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Medio Campidano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 50 kilometres (31 miles) north of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres (9 miles) northeast of Sanluri.	Las Plassas	Province of Medio Campidano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gil-e Musha (Persian: گيل موشا‎, also Romanized as Gīl-e Mūshā) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gil-e Musha	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beijing Railway Station (simplified Chinese: 北京火车站; traditional Chinese: 北京火車站; pinyin: Běijīng Huǒchēzhàn), or simply Beijing Station (Chinese: 北京站; pinyin: Běijīngzhàn), is a passenger railway station in Dongcheng District, Beijing.	Beijing Railway Station	Dongcheng District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beslen (Bulgarian: Беслен) is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Beslen	Hadzhidimovo Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabin John Middle School, colloquially known as CJMS, is a public school for students in grades 6, 7 and 8 located in Potomac, Maryland.	Cabin John Middle School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Kobiałki (ˈnɔvɛ kɔˈbjau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowe Kobiałki	Gmina Stoczek Łukowski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary Pappert School of Music is one of the ten degree-granting divisions that comprise Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Mary Pappert School of Music	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presidio San Luis de las Amarillas, now better known as Presidio of San Sabá, was founded in April 1757 near present day Menard, Texas, United States to protect the Mission Santa Cruz de San Sabá, established at the same time.	Presidio San Luis de las Amarillas	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khiaraj (Persian: خيارج‎, also Romanized as Khīāraj and Khīyaraj) is a village in Ramand-e Jonubi Rural District, Ramand District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Khiaraj	Ramand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westhampton Beach High School is a public four-year high school for grades 9--12 in Westhampton Beach, New York, which is located at the southeastern end of Suffolk county on Long Island.	Westhampton Beach High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lovech Province (Bulgarian: Област Ловеч, transliterated Oblast Lovech, former name Lovech okrug) is one of the 28 provinces of Bulgaria, lying at the northern centre of the country.	Lovech Province	Bulgaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kusheh Nama (Persian: كوشه نما‎, also Romanized as Kūsheh Namā) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh District, Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kusheh Nama	Barkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ramapo Mountains are a forested chain of the Appalachian Mountains in northeastern New Jersey and southeastern New York, in the United States.	Ramapo Mountains	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Boston High School is a public high school located in the neighborhood of East Boston in Boston, Massachusetts.	East Boston High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litun-e Ajam (Persian: ليطون اجم‎, also Romanized as Līṭūn-e Ājam) is a village in Ajam Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Litun-e Ajam	Ajam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadr (Persian: ندر‎‎, also Romanized as Nadar) is a village in Nanur Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Nadr	Nanur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahdziú Municipality (Yucatec Maya: ``place of the strong Tziu bird'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (53.65 km2) of land and is located roughly 145 kilometres (90 mi) southeast of the city of Mérida.	Tahdziú Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mato Queimado is a Brazilian municipality located in the northwestern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Mato Queimado	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfynydd is a village, parish and community in Carmarthenshire, Wales.	Llanfynydd	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landmark Place is the tallest building in downtown Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, at the corner of Main Street East and Catharine Street South in the Corktown/Stinson neighbourhood.	Landmark Place	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johnson Street Bridge is a bascule bridge that spans the harbour of Victoria, British Columbia.	Johnson Street Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Peter, Westcheap, sometimes known simply as ``St Peter Cheap'', was a parish church in the City of London.	St Peter, Westcheap	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sliven Province (Bulgarian: Област Сливен Oblast Sliven, former name Sliven okrug) is a province in southeastern Bulgaria, named after its administrative and industrial centre -- the city of Sliven.	Sliven Province	Bulgaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gould Mansion Complex is a historic home and national historic district located at Lyons Falls in Lewis County, New York.	Gould Mansion Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grenfell fossil site is a paleontological site of late Devonian age in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.	Grenfell fossil site	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filstroff (German: Filsdorf; Lorraine Franconian: Félschtroff) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Filstroff	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrecclesham is a village on the southern outskirts of the large town of Farnham in Surrey, England.	Wrecclesham	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salorno (German: Salurn) is the southernmost comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of the city of Bolzano.	Salorno	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scarborough Van Assembly was a General Motors Canada plant in Scarborough, Ontario, which opened in 1952.	Scarborough Van Assembly	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Queensferry is a village in Fife, Scotland, on the Firth of Forth, between the Forth Bridge and the Forth Road Bridge, and 10 miles (16.1 km) from Edinburgh.	North Queensferry	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brook Road Academy is a private, nontraditional school in Richmond, Virginia, United States.	Brook Road Academy	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Capitol rotunda is the central rotunda of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C..	United States Capitol rotunda	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varezg (Persian: وارزگ‎, also Romanized as Vārezg; also known as Verzeg, Verezg, Vārīz, Vārzan, Vorzg, and Wārīz) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Varezg	Qaen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziarat Mowla (Persian: زيارت مولا‎, also Romanized as Zīārat Mowlá; also known as Khar Bandān and Kharbandavān) is a village in Gurband Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ziarat Mowla	Gurband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnston Community College (JCC) is a public, two-year, post-secondary college located at 245 College Road, Smithfield, North Carolina, USA.	Johnston Community College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakhtan (Persian: شختان‎, also Romanized as Shakhtān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shakhtan	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Center Mall is a shopping mall located in northwestern Kennewick, Washington, owned by Simon Property Group.	Columbia Center Mall	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalamunda Senior High School is a government, co-educational, secondary day school located in Kalamunda, a suburb east of Perth, Western Australia.	Kalamunda Senior High School	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorhild County is a municipal district located in the central part of northern Alberta, Canada in Census Division 13.	Thorhild County	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilson-Tuscarora State Park is a New York state park in Niagara County, New York, U.S. on the west side of the Village of Wilson.	Wilson-Tuscarora State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thessaly (Greek: Θεσσαλία, Thessalía; ancient Thessalian: Πετθαλία, Petthalía) is a traditional geographic and modern administrative region of Greece, comprising most of the ancient region of the same name.	Thessaly	Greece
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabati (Persian: ثابتي‎, also Romanized as S̱ābatī) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sabati	Bala Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMXU (106.1 FM, ``Mix 106.1'') is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Starkville, Mississippi, and serving the Columbus, Mississippi area.	WMXU	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fitchburg Railroad is a former railroad company, which built a railroad line across northern Massachusetts, United States, leading to and through the Hoosac Tunnel.	Fitchburg Railroad	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flatbush Avenue is one of the major avenues in the New York City Borough of Brooklyn.	Flatbush Avenue	Brooklyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houston Gulf Airport (IATA: SPX, ICAO: KSPX, FAA LID: SPX) was a single-runway airport located in eastern League City, Texas, United States.	Houston Gulf Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wołkowyja (vɔu̯kɔˈvɨja) (Ukrainian: Вовковия, Vovkovyya) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wołkowyja	Gmina Solina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grecian Shelter, also known as Croquet Shelter, is a peristyle with Corinthian columns near the southern edge of Prospect Park in Brooklyn, New York.	Grecian Shelter	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tofino/Long Beach Airport, (IATA: YAZ, ICAO: CYAZ), is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) southeast of Tofino, British Columbia, Canada.	Tofino/Long Beach Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cacalchén Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``place of the well with two mouths'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (76.64 km2) of land and located roughly 40 km east of the city of Mérida.	Cacalchén Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Klementowice (kɔˈlɔɲa klɛmɛntɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Klementowice	Gmina Kurów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldany Island (formerly Oldney Island) is an uninhabited island in Assynt, Sutherland, north-west Scotland.	Oldany Island	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mall at Whitney Field, formerly Searstown Mall, is an enclosed shopping center located off of Route 2 near the junction with Interstate 190 in Leominster, Massachusetts, United States.	The Mall at Whitney Field	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waterford Hills Road Racing Track is a road course automobile racing facility located near Clarkston and Waterford, Michigan, USA.	Waterford Hills Road Racing Track	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flatotel Hotel was a 289-room apartment-style business hotel in New York City.	Flatotel Hotel	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sylvania Mountains Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located 30 miles (48 km) east of Bishop in the state of California.	Sylvania Mountains Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilconnell (Irish: Cill Chonaill, meaning ``St Conal's church'') is a small rural village in County Galway, Ireland.	Kilconnell	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abri de la Madeleine (The Magdalene shelter) is a prehistoric shelter under an overhanging cliff situated near Tursac, in the Dordogne département and the Aquitaine Région of South-Western France.	Abri de la Madeleine	Tursac
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waputik Icefield is located on the Continental divide in the Canadian Rocky Mountains, in the provinces of British Columbia and Alberta.	Waputik Icefield	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bowlen is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia and forms part of the Valley of the Ten Peaks.	Mount Bowlen	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Custóias is a former civil parish in the municipality of Matosinhos in the Greater Porto area, Portugal.	Custóias	Matosinhos	Porto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stagecoach Ballroom is one of the oldest night club, dancehall, ballroom, and/or honky-tonk venues in the state of Texas.	Stagecoach Ballroom	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurab-e Tork (Persian: شوراب ترك‎, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Tork; also known as Shūr Āb) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shurab-e Tork	Bakesh-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święcino (ɕfjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German: Schwetzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Święcino	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasserbourg (Alemannic German: Wàsserburig; German: Wasserburg) is a communes in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Wasserbourg	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahganj is a city and a municipal board in Jaunpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Shahganj	Jaunpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nakh Ab (Persian: نخاب‎, also Romanized as Nakh Āb) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nakh Ab	Miyandasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Bill Waller is a 168-acre man-made lake, named for a former governor of Mississippi, William Lowe ``Bill'' Waller, Senior.	Lake Bill Waller	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cincinnati Christian Schools is a private, Christian school near Fairfield, Ohio.	Cincinnati Christian Schools	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruern or Bruern Abbey is a hamlet and civil parish on the River Evenlode about 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Burford in West Oxfordshire.	Bruern	West Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jošje (Cyrillic: Јошје) is a village in the municipality of Kladanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Jošje	Kladanj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Locust Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site is a publicly owned property in Linn County, Missouri, maintained as a state historic site by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources.	Locust Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site	Linn County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaybullinsky District (Russian: Хайбулли́нский райо́н; Bashkir: Хәйбулла районы) an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Khaybullinsky District	Republic of Bashkortostan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonkuy-e Askari (Persian: بنكوي عسكري‎‎, also Romanized as Bonkūy-e ``Askarī) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Bonkuy-e Askari	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trękus (ˈtrɛnkus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trękus	Gmina Purda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twyn-yr-Odyn is a hamlet in the Vale of Glamorgan, southeast Wales, just beyond the territorial border of western Cardiff.	Twyn-yr-Odyn	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Domingos de Rana (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w̃ duˈmĩɡuʃ dɨ ˈʁɐnɐ)) is a civil parish of the Portuguese municipality of Cascais, part of the Greater Lisbon subregion.	São Domingos de Rana	Cascais
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKinnan Gulch is a valley in Marin County, California, United States.	McKinnan Gulch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burwash Landing is a small community, at historical mile 1093 on the Alaska Highway, in Yukon, Canada along the southern shore of Kluane Lake.	Burwash Landing	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Levenshulme South railway station was a railway station located in Levenshulme, Manchester.	Levenshulme South railway station	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockton World's Fair is an annual Thanksgiving weekend tradition in Flamborough, Ontario, near Hamilton.	Rockton World's Fair	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Child of the Sun, also known as the Florida Southern College Architectural District is a group of buildings designed for the campus of the Florida Southern College in Lakeland, Florida, USA, by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright from 1941 through 1958.	Child of the Sun	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kataf-e Nashalil (Persian: كتف ناشليل‎, also Romanized as Kataf-e Nāshalīl; also known as Keft-e Nāshalīl) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kataf-e Nashalil	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Restenneth Priory was a monastic house of Augustinian canons founded by Jedburgh Abbey, with the patronage of King Malcolm IV of Scotland, in 1153.	Restenneth Priory	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inland Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the southeast side of Powell Lake, just to the northeast of the city of Powell River in that province's northern Sunshine Coast region.	Inland Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cannon Air Force Base is a United States Air Force Base, located approximately 7 miles (11 km) southwest of Clovis, New Mexico.	Cannon Air Force Base	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kudlicze (kuˈdlʲit͡ʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Куделичі, Kudelychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kudlicze	Gmina Mielnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Government Peak Wilderness is a 6,313-acre (2,555 ha) wilderness area in the northern part of the Snake Range of White Pine County, in the U.S. state of Nevada.	Government Peak Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uhnin (ˈuxnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Uhnin	Gmina Dębowa Kłoda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dragomilje (Serbian: Драгомиље) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dragomilje	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Box Hill Town Hall is a landmark civic building located (at 37.8191°S 145.1266°E) on Whitehorse Road, Box Hill, Victoria, Australia.	Box Hill Town Hall	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darien Lake is a theme park resort located in Darien, New York, United States.	Darien Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubnica Kurpiowska (dubˈnit͡sa kurˈpjɔfska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Dubnica Kurpiowska	Gmina Kuźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	CSK ZSU Stadium (Ukrainian: Стадіон ЦСК ЗСУ) is a multi-use stadium in Kiev, Ukraine.	CSK ZSU Stadium	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavar Khesht (Persian: لاورخشت‎, also Romanized as Lāvar Khesht) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District, Eshkanan District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lavar Khesht	Eshkanan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bądkowo-Rochny (bɔntˈkɔvɔ ˈrɔxnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bądkowo-Rochny	Gmina Brudzeń Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Robert Walter Johnson House and Tennis Court is a historic home and tennis court in Lynchburg, Virginia, United States, that was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.	Dr. Robert Walter Johnson House and Tennis Court	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ludwig Forum für Internationale Kunst is a museum of modern art in Aachen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Ludwig Forum für Internationale Kunst	Aachen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Hurd is a Canadian mountain in the Ottertail Range of the Rocky Mountains in British Columbia.	Mount Hurd	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faro/Johnson Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CFC9) was located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) south of Faro, Yukon, Canada and was open annually from May 2 until October 20 due to ice.	Faro/Johnson Lake Water Aerodrome	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappen Park is a small park and square in the Stapleton neighborhood of Staten Island, New York.	Tappen Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zêkog County (Standard Tibetan: རྩེ་ཁོག་, Wylie: rtse khog; Chinese: 泽库县 ; pinyin : Zékù Xiàn) is the second largest administrative subdivision by area within Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai Province, China.	Zêkog County	Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardaru (Persian: بردرو‎, also Romanized as Bardarū) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bardaru	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Radio Section Aldergrove, or NRS Aldergrove, is a Canadian Forces naval radio communications facility located in both Aldergrove and Matsqui, British Columbia.	Naval Radio Section Aldergrove	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raftagi (Persian: رفتگي‎, also Romanized as Raftagī; also known as Raftakī, Rafteh Keh, and Raftekeh) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District, Mirza Kuchek Janghli District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Raftagi	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carnegie Museum of Art, located in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is an art museum founded in 1895 by the Pittsburgh-based industrialist Andrew Carnegie.	Carnegie Museum of Art	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radisson School, originally Radisson Elementary School, is a school that is part of River East Transcona School Division in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Radisson School	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Tully House, also known as Hartsease or Heartsease, is a historic house at 135 North Cove Road in Old Saybrook, Connecticut.	William Tully House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afonso de Albuquerque Square (Portuguese: Praça Afonso de Albuquerque) is a public square in the Belém district of the city of Lisbon, Portugal.	Afonso de Albuquerque Square	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Magdalena Mountains are a regionally high, mountain range in Socorro County, in west-central New Mexico in the southwestern United States.	Magdalena Mountains	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Verstovia is a colloquially referred to 2,550 foot (777 meter) mountain southwest of downtown Sitka, Alaska on Baranof Island which, according USGS maps, is really an unnamed peak.	Mount Verstovia	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chotynia (xɔˈtɨɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chotynia	Gmina Sobolew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Worcester Branch Library is a historic former library building at 705 Southbridge Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	South Worcester Branch Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wild West World was a Wild West theme park in Park City, Kansas that opened on May 5, 2007 and closed on July 9, 2007.	Wild West World	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilani (Persian: ايلاني‎, also Romanized as Īlānī) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ilani	Behi Dehbokri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chiesa di San Giuliano (St Julian), commonly called San Zulian in the Venetian dialect, is a church in Venice.	San Zulian	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh-ye Hay Khvasti (Persian: خانه هاي خواستي‎, also Romanized as Khāneh-ye Hāy Khvāstī; also known as Khāneh Khvāstī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khaneh-ye Hay Khvasti	Dust Mohammad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles B. Holt House is a rock house in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States.	Charles B. Holt House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canterbury Shaker Village is a historic site and museum in Canterbury, New Hampshire, United States.	Canterbury Shaker Village	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Pa (Thai: บ้านป่า) is a subdistrict in the Mueang Phitsanulok District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Ban Pa	Mueang Phitsanulok
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highland Park Dentzel Carousel and Shelter Building is a carousel and building in Highland Park in Meridian, Mississippi.	Highland Park Dentzel Carousel and Shelter Building	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKCB (105.1 FM, ``B105'') is a radio station in Duluth, Minnesota, owned by Townsquare Media, airing a country music format.	KKCB	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pesalai (Tamil: பேசாலை) is a primarily a fishing village situated north-west of the island of Mannar in the Mannar District of Sri Lanka.	Pesalai	Mannar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mill River Fun Park is a Canadian amusement park located in Mill River, Prince Edward Island.	Mill River Fun Park	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ełk County (Polish: powiat ełcki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Ełk County	Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Boggs Farm is located in the Back Creek Valley of Berkeley County, West Virginia ner Hedgesville.	William Boggs Farm	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gondek-e Seh (Persian: گندك سه‎; also known as Kondek-e Seh) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gondek-e Seh	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jungnang District (Jungnang-gu) is one of the 25 gu, or districts, of Seoul, South Korea.	Jungnang District	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of St. Francis of Assisi is a parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, and is located at 135--139 West 31st Street, Manhattan, New York City.	Church of St. Francis of Assisi	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qinglongqiao Railway Station (commonly known as Ching-lung-chiao railway station) is a station of Jingbao Railway in Beijing.	Qinglongqiao Railway Station	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kujakowice Górne (kujakɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Ober Kunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kujakowice Górne	Gmina Kluczbork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshtuiyeh (Persian: پشتويه‎, also Romanized as Poshtūīyeh) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Poshtuiyeh	Juyom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khanom Bala Kandi (Persian: خانم بالاكندي‎, also Romanized as Khānom Bālā Kandī; also known as Tak Bolāgh-e Qeşr) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khanom Bala Kandi	Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Cape Howe National Park is a national park in Western Australia (Australia), 390 kilometres (240 mi) southeast of Perth.	West Cape Howe National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuyuqchi (Persian: طويوقچي‎, also Romanized as Ţūyūqchī; also known as Ţopoqchī) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Tuyuqchi	Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nalžovské Hory is a town of Klatovy District within the Plzeň region of the Czech Republic.	Nalžovské Hory	Klatovy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pruitt Field is a field hockey field located in Athens, Ohio on the campus of Ohio University.	Pruitt Field	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czachy-Kołaki (ˈt͡ʂaxɨ kɔˈwaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czachy-Kołaki	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaftin (Arabic: كفتين‎, also spelled Keftin or Kaftayn) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located northwest of Idlib.	Kaftin	Idlib
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoshkeh Darreh (Persian: خشكه دره‎‎) is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Khoshkeh Darreh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giovanni in Persiceto (from 1912 to 1927: Persiceto for anticlerical spirit; Bolognese: San Žvan) is a town and comune in the Province of Bologna, northern Italy.	San Giovanni in Persiceto	Province of Bologna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czerteż (ˈt͡ʂɛrtɛs) (Ukrainian: Чертіж, Chertizh; Rusyn: Чертеж, Chertezh) is a village in East Małopolska in the Lesser Beskid mountains, in the district called Gmina Sanok.	Czerteż	Gmina Sanok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sachun (Persian: ساچون‎, also Romanized as Sāchūn and Sachoon; also known as Sāchūm) is a village in Khosuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sachun	Khosuyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santana de Parnaíba is a city and municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Santana de Parnaíba	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Totkuh (Persian: تتكوه‎, also Romanized as Totkūh) is a village in Gohreh Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Totkuh	Gohreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Kel (Persian: بنكل‎) is a village in Hudian Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bon Kel	Hudian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajand (Persian: اجند‎, also Romanized as Ājand; also known as Ājan and Ājand Chūpān Boneh) is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ajand	Mehravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJMR-FM (98.3 FM) is an urban adult contemporary radio station serving the Milwaukee, Wisconsin, area.	WJMR-FM	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	PRR 4859 is a GG1-class electric locomotive located in the Harrisburg Transportation Center in Harrisburg in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	PRR 4859	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barcaldine Power Station is a combined-cycle power station in Barcaldine, Queensland.	Barcaldine Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Logrezana (variant: Llorgozana) is one of 12 parishes (administrative divisions) in Carreño, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Logrezana	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parede (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvilɐ dɐ pɐˈɾedɨ)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Cascais, Portugal.	Parede	Cascais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plessenburg is a village in the borough of Ilsenburg in the Harz National Park, in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Plessenburg	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tropy Elbląskie (ˈtrɔpɨ ɛlˈblɔ̃skʲɛ) (German: Troop) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tropy Elbląskie	Gmina Elbląg
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Wickham railway station serves West Wickham in the London Borough of Bromley.	West Wickham railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruy Gach (Persian: روي گچ‎‎, also Romanized as Rūy Gach) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ruy Gach	Deh Tall Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manjil (Persian: منجيل‎‎, also Romanized as Manjīl and Menjīl) is a city in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Manjil	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yusefabad-e Ghaffari (Persian: يوسف ابادغفاري‎, also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e Ghaffārī) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Yusefabad-e Ghaffari	Akhtarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorizan (Persian: گريزان‎, also Romanized as Gorīzān) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gorizan	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bovisio-Masciago (Buis e Masciagh in dialect of Brianza), is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Milan.	Bovisio-Masciago	Province of Monza and Brianza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lesachtal (Slovene: Lesna dolina) is a municipality in Hermagor District, in the Austrian state of Carinthia.	Lesachtal	Hermagor District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdol Rahman Safarzayi (Persian: عبدالرحمان صفرزائي‎, also Romanized as ʿAbdol Raḩmān Şafarzāyī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Abdol Rahman Safarzayi	Jahanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Kuleh Sar-e Kuchak (Persian: ابكوله سركوچك‎, also Romanized as Āb Kūleh Sar-e Kūchak; also known as Āb Kalleh Sar-e Kūchak) is a village in Mir Shams ol Din Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ab Kuleh Sar-e Kuchak	Mir Shams ol Din Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPXQ (1360 AM) is a Christian radio station owned by Salem Communications in Phoenix, Arizona, USA.	KPXQ	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The White Rock Mountains are a north-northwest trending mountain range located in eastern Lincoln County, Nevada with the eastern slopes of the range extending into Beaver and Iron counties of Utah.	White Rock Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinnakuyili is a small village situated in Coimbatore district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India (Bharat).	Chinnakuyili	Coimbatore district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 585 is a state of New York telephone area code.	Area code 585	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sir Alexander Mackenzie Senior Public School is a senior middle school (grades 7 and 8) located in Agincourt, Toronto, Ontario.	Sir Alexander Mackenzie Senior Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spital Tongues is a historic area of Newcastle upon Tyne, located north west of the city centre.	Spital Tongues	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nellore district (officially: Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district), located in Coastal Andhra region, is one of the 13 districts of Andhra Pradesh.	Nellore district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Henlopen State Park is a Delaware state park on 5,193 acres (2,102 ha) on Cape Henlopen in Sussex County, Delaware, in the United States.	Cape Henlopen State Park	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warren Alpert Medical School (formerly known as Brown Medical School, previously known as Brown University School of Medicine) is the medical school of Brown University, located in Providence, Rhode Island, United States.	Alpert Medical School	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jan Hus Presbyterian Church, located at 351 East 74th Street, New York, New York, in Manhattan's Upper East Side, is a congregation associated with the Presbyterian Church USA.	Jan Hus Presbyterian Church	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kovil Sanna Puram (Tamil: கோவில்சன்னபுரம்)) is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, in India.	Kovil Sanna Puram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	MacArthur Park Raceway was a nationally recognized ½-mile paved asphalt two and four-cycle kart racing sprint track with nine turns in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	MacArthur Park Raceway	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayian Dul (Persian: مائين دول‎, also Romanized as Māyīan Dūl; also known as Mādīān Dūl) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mayian Dul	Sarab Qamish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaschette (Luxembourgish: Blaaschent, German: Blascheid) is a small town in the commune of Lorentzweiler, in central Luxembourg.	Blaschette	Lorentzweiler
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudheath is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, in the north west of England, approximately 2 miles east of Northwich.	Rudheath	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Shahini (Persian: سراب شاهيني‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Shāhīnī) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Shahini	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruth MacMillan Centre is a school in Greater Sudbury, Ontario for students in kindergarten through grade 8 who have mental health needs.	Ruth MacMillan Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przepiórów (pʂɛˈpjuruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Przepiórów	Gmina Iwaniska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sânzieni (Hungarian: Kézdiszentlélek, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkeːzdisɛntleːlɛk)) is a commune in Covasna County, Transylvania, Romania composed of four villages:	Sânzieni	Covasna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spartanburg Community College (SCC) (Formerly Spartanburg Technical College or Spartanburg Tech), is a public, suburban, two-year comprehensive, open-admission institution of higher education serving the citizens of Spartanburg, Cherokee, and Union counties in Upstate South Carolina.	Spartanburg Community College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Conine is a natural freshwater lake on the north side of Winter Haven, Florida.	Lake Conine	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Engine Company 6 Fire Station is a former Hartford Fire Department firehouse located at 34 Huyshope Avenue in Hartford, Connecticut.	Engine Company 6 Fire Station	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petroleum Building is a 50-meter/10-floor building at 420 South Boulder in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Petroleum Building	Tulsa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scoggins Creek, formerly known as ``Scoggin Creek'', is a 19-mile (31 km) tributary of the Tualatin River in Tillamook and Washington counties in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Scoggins Creek	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bécsi kapu (in English Gate of Vienna; Turkish: Beç Kapısı; German: Wiener Tor) is located at the Bécsi kapu square, Buda Castle, in 1st District, Budapest, Hungary.	Bécsi kapu	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brent Cross is an area of north London, in the London Borough of Barnet.	Brent Cross	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kifteh (Persian: كيفته‎, also Romanized as Kīfteh; also known as Kīfleh) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kifteh	Padena-ye Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wuhe County (simplified Chinese: 五河县; traditional Chinese: 五河縣; pinyin: Wǔhé Xiàn) is a county under the administration of the prefecture-level city Bengbu in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China.	Wuhe County	Bengbu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilkes Regional Medical Center is a 130-bed, regional medical center in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina, that offers a full range of medical, surgical, rehabilitative, pathology, ophthalmology and behavioral health services.	Wilkes Regional Medical Center	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charu Gereh (Persian: چروگره‎, also Romanized as Charū Gereh; also known as Charū Dareh) is a village in Darb-e Gonbad Rural District, Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Charu Gereh	Darb-e Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolaabad (Persian: كل اباد‎, also Romanized as Kolāābād; also known as Kolāhābād and Qāsemābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kolaabad	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drutarnia (druˈtarɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Drutarnia	Gmina Końskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pavek Hall is the newest of the four high-rise residence halls on the campus of North Dakota State University (NDSU) in Fargo, ND.	Pavek Hall	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goleh Gadar (Persian: گله گدار‎, also Romanized as Goleh Gadār) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Goleh Gadar	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jełowa (jɛˈwɔva) (German Jellowa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubniany, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jełowa	Gmina Łubniany
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charlottesville Union Station, located in Charlottesville, Virginia, the county seat of Albemarle County, is served by Amtrak's Cardinal, Crescent, and daily Northeast Regional passenger trains.	Charlottesville Union Station	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falęcin Nowy (faˈlɛnt͡ɕin ˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Falęcin Nowy	Gmina Stopnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pfeiffer-Redwood Creek is a stream in Big Sur, California, about 26 miles from Carmel.	Pfeiffer-Redwood Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joint Base San Antonio (JBSA) is a United States military facility located in San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Joint Base San Antonio	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jablanići (Serbian Cyrillic: Јабланићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Jablanići	Kalinovik
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTHU is a commercial radio station located in Corning, California, broadcasting to the entire Sacramento Valley and surrounding areas on 100.7 FM.	KTHU	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ironton Sintering Plant Complex is a group of buildings north of Crosby, Minnesota, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Ironton Sintering Plant Complex	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Meern is a former town in the Dutch province of Utrecht.	De Meern	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fardaq (Persian: فاردق‎, also Romanized as Fārdaq; also known as Jalālābād, Jalīlābād, and Fārūq) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District, in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fardaq	Rashtkhvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Fire of 1922 was a wildfire burning through the Lesser Clay Belt in the Timiskaming District, Ontario, Canada, from October 4 to 5, 1922.	Great Fire of 1922	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The École Spéciale d'Architecture is a private school for architecture at 254, boulevard Raspail in Paris, France.	École Spéciale d'Architecture	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Khalil (Persian: حاج خليل‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Khalīl; also known as Ḩājjī Khalīl) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hajj Khalil	Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 5 Willow Court in Arlington, Massachusetts is a rare local example of Second Empire styling.	House at 5 Willow Court	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowan County Airport (IATA: SRW, ICAO: KRUQ, FAA LID: RUQ) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) southwest of the central business district (CBD) of Salisbury, a city in Rowan County, North Carolina, USA.	Rowan County Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upton Cressett Hall is a Elizabethan moated manor house in the village of Upton Cressett, Shropshire, England.	Upton Cressett Hall	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان سردرودسفلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District	Sardrud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uncle Sam Memorial Statue is a statue commemorating Samuel Wilson, perhaps the original Uncle Sam, near his birthplace in the center of Arlington, Massachusetts, United States.	Uncle Sam Memorial Statue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmvale Acres (2011 population: 3,280) is a neighbourhood in south Ottawa, Canada, located in Alta Vista Ward.	Elmvale Acres	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erina High School is a high school located within the suburb of Erina, New South Wales on the Central Coast.	Erina High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The historic Old Patent Office Building in Washington, D.C. covers an entire city block defined by F and G Streets and 7th and 9th Streets NW in Chinatown.	Old Patent Office Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wybicko (vɨˈbit͡skɔ) (German: Beiershorst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wybicko	Gmina Stegna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chester Creek Historic District is a national historic district located along the west branch of Chester Creek at Thornbury Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Chester Creek Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarissa C. Cook Library/Blue Ribbon News Building was located at 528 Brady Street, Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Clarissa C. Cook Library/Blue Ribbon News Building	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fain Lake is a reservoir located near Prescott Valley in Yavapai County, North Central Arizona.	Fain Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eglinton Theatre, (or Eglinton Grand) is an event venue and cinema in Toronto, Canada.	Eglinton Theatre	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Justice Samuel Freeman Miller House in Keokuk, Iowa, United States is an Italianate style home that was built in 1859.	Justice Samuel Freeman Miller House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krosno-Biadów (ˈkrɔsnɔ ˈbjaduf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krosno-Biadów	Gmina Gorzkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mszczuje (ˈmʂt͡ʂujɛ) (German: Moorbrück) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Warpno, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Mszczuje	Gmina Nowe Warpno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yedakadu (also known as edakadu) is a serene hamlet located in the Nilgiri Hills in the state of Tamil Nadu in South India.	Yedakadu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pokhran (Hindi: पोखरण) is a city and a municipality located in the Jaisalmer district of the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Pokhran	Jaisalmer district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gondamakar (Persian: گندمكار‎, also Romanized as Gondamaḵār) was a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gondamakar	Kut-e Abdollah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Oliver Secondary School is a public secondary school located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, at East 41st Avenue and Fraser Street (between the Vancouver neighbourhoods of Kensington-Cedar Cottage, Riley Park-Little Mountain and Sunset).	John Oliver Secondary School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silgerd (Persian: سيلگرد‎, also Romanized as Sīlgerd and Sīlgord; also known as Mīlgerd and Selgerd) is a village in Shoja Rural District, in the Central District of Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Silgerd	Shoja Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalehsiv (Persian: شله سيو‎, also Romanized as Shalehsīv; also known as Shalehsīt) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shalehsiv	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poręby Wolskie (pɔˈrɛmbɨ ˈvɔlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raniżów, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Poręby Wolskie	Gmina Raniżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jianguomen Station (simplified Chinese: 建国门站; traditional Chinese: 建國門站; pinyin: Jiànguómén Zhàn) is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 2 of the Beijing Subway at Jianguomen in Dongcheng District, Beijing.	Jianguomen Station	Dongcheng District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coddle Creek is a stream/river that rises near Mooresville in Iredell County, North Carolina.	Coddle Creek	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamand Kilan (Persian: همندكيلان‎, also Romanized as Hamand Kīlān) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hamand Kilan	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	James River Day School, or JRDS, is an independent, co-educational, non-sectarian K-8 day school in Lynchburg, Virginia.	James River Day School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calthwaite is a small village in rural Cumbria, situated between the small market town of Penrith and the larger City of Carlisle.	Calthwaite	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quelossim ( Konkani: केळशी ) is a village in Salcette Taluk, South Goa, India.	Quelossim	South Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Keogh is a former United States Army post located on the western edge of today's Miles City, Montana.	Fort Keogh	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tittabawassee River is a stream which flows in a generally southeasterly direction through the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Tittabawassee River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton-le-Clay is a small town and a civil parish located in Bedfordshire, England.	Barton-le-Clay	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mozaffari-ye Jonubi (Persian: مظفري جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Moz̧affarī-ye Jonūbī; also known as Moz̧affarī) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mozaffari-ye Jonubi	Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peninsula Fine Arts Center (Pfac) is an art center located in Newport News, Virginia and is associated with the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts.	Peninsula Fine Arts Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center is an Orthodox congregation located at 347 West 34th Street, Manhattan, New York, in the Garment District, near Penn Station.	Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ferry Point International Bridge is an international bridge, which connects St. Stephen, New Brunswick in Canada and Calais, Maine in the United States, across the St. Croix River.	Ferry Point International Bridge	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęcławice Górne (pɛnt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Pęcławice Górne	Gmina Bogoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezwola (bɛzˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bezwola	Gmina Wohyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Indoor BMX Arena is an indoor BMX racing stadium, located in Sportcity, Manchester, UK.	National Indoor BMX Arena	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Indian Peaks Wilderness is a wilderness area in north central Colorado managed jointly by the United States Forest Service and the National Park Service within the Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests and small parts of the southern section of Rocky Mountain National Park.	Indian Peaks Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Psary-Podłazy (ˈpsarɨ pɔdˈwazɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Psary-Podłazy	Gmina Bodzentyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBUL-FM is a commercial radio station located in Reno, Nevada, broadcasting to the Western Nevada and Lake Tahoe areas on 98.1 FM.	KBUL-FM	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oneilland (from Irish: Uí Nialláin, meaning ``descendants of Nialláin'') is the name of a former barony in County Armagh, present-day Northern Ireland.	Oneilland	County Armagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołuda Mała (kɔˈwuda ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kołuda Mała	Gmina Janikowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albula Pass (Romansh: Pass d'Alvra or Pass da l'Alvra , German: Albulapass) (el. 2315 m) is a Swiss mountain pass in the canton of Graubünden.	Albula Pass	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mills Mill was a textile mill in Greenville, South Carolina (1897-1978) that in the 21st century was converted into loft-style condominia.	Mills Mill	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hither Green is a district in south-east London, England, located in the London Borough of Lewisham.	Hither Green	London Borough of Lewisham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Konza Prairie Biological Station is a 3,487-hectare (8,616 acre, 13.5 sq mi) preserve of native tallgrass prairie in the Flint Hills of northeastern Kansas.	Konza Prairie Biological Station	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Mall is a shopping centre in Hammersmith in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.	Kings Mall	London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agriculture Building is a historic state government office building located at Raleigh, Wake County, North Carolina.	Agriculture Building	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahu-ye Gharbi (Persian: چاهوغربي‎, also Romanized as Chāhū-ye Gharbī and Chāhū Gharbī; also known as Chāhū Qebleh) is a village in Dulab Rural District, Shahab District, Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chahu-ye Gharbi	Dulab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirabgun (Persian: تيرابگون‎, also Romanized as Tīrābgūn) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tirabgun	Sarfaryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indus/Winters Aire Park Airport, (TC LID: CFY4), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) southwest of Indus, Alberta, Canada.	Indus/Winters Aire Park Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Grafton is the high point of the southern section of the Schell Creek Range in southern White Pine County, in eastern Nevada in the western United States.	Mount Grafton	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jangal Deh-e Bala (Persian: جنگلده بالا‎, also Romanized as Jangal Deh-e Bālā; also known as Jangal Deh) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Jangal Deh-e Bala	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paier College of Art is a private 4-year art school in Hamden, Connecticut, on the outskirts of the greater New Haven area.	Paier College of Art	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wing Lung Wai (Chinese: 永隆圍; literally: ``Perpetual Prosperity'') is a walled village located in the Kam Tin area of Yuen Long District, in Hong Kong.	Wing Lung Wai	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Cliffs National Conservation Area is a 44,724-acre (180.99 km2) National Conservation Area located in southwest Utah, north of St. George at the northeastern-most edge of the Mojave Desert.	Red Cliffs National Conservation Area	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ua Pou Airport is an airport on Ua Pou in French Polynesia (IATA: UAP, ICAO: NTMP).	Ua Pou Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabisar is a town and union council of Mianwali District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Tabisar	Mianwali District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake occurred in Northern California on October 17 at 5:04 p.m. local time.	1989 Loma Prieta earthquake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golobrđe (Serbian Cyrillic: Голобрђе) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Golobrđe	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flantrowo (flanˈtrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Flantrowo	Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanadi Budruk is a small village situated in the Ashti tehsil of the Beed district of Maharashtra.	Kanadi Budruk	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abajo Peak is the highest peak in the Abajo Mountains of southeast Utah, United States and is located in the Manti-La Sal National Forest.	Abajo Peak	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ivughli Rural District (Persian: دهستان ايواوغلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ivughli Rural District	Ivughli District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Keshkeh (Persian: بن كشكه‎, also Romanized as Bon Keshgeh) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bon Keshkeh	Mamulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obszarniki (ɔpʂarˈniki) (German: Abschermeningken, from 1938-45 Almental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Obszarniki	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azamabad (Persian: اعظم آباد‎, also Romanized as A``zamābād and ``Az̧amābād) is a village in Bilavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 216, in 53 families.	Azamabad	Bilavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Voorhees Main Street Complex (also known as the Voorhees Complex, Main Street Complex, or simply Main Street) is a shopping center, banquet hall, residential, medical and business complex located in Voorhees, New Jersey, United States.	Main Street Complex	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Long Cane Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Abbeville, South Carolina, founded c, 1760.	Upper Long Cane Cemetery	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arab Kandi (Persian: عرب كندي‎, also Romanized as ʿArab Kandī) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Arab Kandi	Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathaniel S. Wheeler House is a private residence located at 7075 M-50 (known locally as West Monroe Street) just north of the village of Onsted in rural Cambridge Township in Lenawee County, Michigan.	Nathaniel S. Wheeler House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Grace Land Conservation Trust, incorporated in 1986, is a non-profit organization whose mission is the conservation of woodland and agricultural land in north central and western Massachusetts.	Mount Grace Land Conservation Trust	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vales Point Power Station is one of two coal fired power stations on the shores of Lake Macquarie, New South Wales.	Vales Point Power Station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Shahsavar Khan (Persian: دهنوشهسوارخان‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Shahsavār Khān; also known as Deh-i-Nau, Dehnow, and Dehnow-e Shahsavārī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Shahsavar Khan	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gillis Centre, formerly Gillis College, is a complex of buildings situated close to the city centre of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Gillis Centre	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Banks is the name given to the current mixed-use project being developed on the land between Paul Brown Stadium and Great American Ball Park along the Ohio River in Cincinnati, Ohio.	The Banks	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rang Raz (Persian: رنگرز‎) is a village in Juqin Rural District, in the Central District of Shahriar County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Rang Raz	Juqin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Napiórki Butne (naˈpjurki ˈbutnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Napiórki Butne	Gmina Rzewnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fricks Locks Historic District or more simply Frick's Lock is an abandoned village, along the also abandoned Schuylkill Canal, in the northeast portion of East Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Fricks Locks Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midland Cemetery is a metropolitan cemetery in the suburb of Swan view in Perth, Western Australia.	Midland Cemetery	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee's Diner is a stainless steel diner on U.S. Route 30 in West York, York County in Pennsylvania.	Lee's Diner	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkland Lake is a town and municipality located in Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Kirkland Lake	Timiskaming District	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hackney Wick railway station is on the North London Line in the London Borough of Hackney, on the northern side of the boundary between Hackney and the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, in east London.	Hackney Wick railway station	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Newark Comprehensive School is a historic school building in Newark, Delaware.	Old Newark Comprehensive School	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grafton State Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in Grafton, Massachusetts that operated from 1901 to 1973.	Grafton State Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vrådal, formerly spelled Wraadahl, is a village in Kviteseid municipality, Norway.	Vrådal	Kviteseid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lepingpu (Chinese: 乐平铺镇) is a town in Chiping County, Liaocheng, in western Shandong province, China.	Lepingpu	Chiping County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pandikkad is a town near Manjeri in Malappuram district, Kerala State of India.	Pandikkad	Malappuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King's Bakery is a coquina stone structure in St. Augustine, Florida, built during the British colonial period in Florida (1763--1784).	The King's Bakery	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westside Christian High School is a private Christian High School located in Tigard, Oregon, United States.	Westside Christian High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antrona Schieranco is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) northeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Verbania, in a branch of the Val d'Ossola, on the border with Switzerland.	Antrona Schieranco	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Dolores Waterpark (which also operated under the names Lake Dolores, Rock--A--Hoola Waterpark, and Discovery Waterpark) is a defunct waterpark in Newberry Springs in the Mojave Desert of Southern California.	Lake Dolores Waterpark	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelsfield railway station is in the London Borough of Bromley, and serves the southern parts of the built-up area of Orpington - Chelsfield itself, and Green Street Green.	Chelsfield railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehkestan (Persian: ده كستان‎, also Romanized as Dehkestān; also known as Dahkestān) is a village in Bakhtajerd Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehkestan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heathmont College is a coeducational government secondary college located in Heathmont, Victoria.	Heathmont College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Hill State Historic Site was the site of a utopian religious community founded in 1846 by Swedish pietist Eric Janson in Bishop Hill, Illinois.	Bishop Hill State Historic Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bozeman Carnegie Library in Bozeman, Montana was built in 1903--1904 with funding from Andrew Carnegie.	Bozeman Carnegie Library	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piding is located in the middle of the Landkreis Berchtesgadener Land.	Piding	Berchtesgadener Land
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzyżanowice Średnie (kʂɨʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɕrɛdɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Krzyżanowice Średnie	Gmina Pińczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Het Kuipje (Dutch pronunciation: (ət ˈkœy̯pjə)) is a multi-use stadium in Westerlo, Belgium.	Het Kuipje	Westerlo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centreville Armory in Centreville, Maryland, is part of a series of Maryland National Guard armories built in the 1920s in principal towns in Maryland.	Centreville Armory	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aroor is a census town in Alappuzha district and it is a suburb of Kochi in the state of Kerala, India.	Aroor	Alappuzha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sendan (Persian: سندان‎, also Romanized as Sendān) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sendan	Sarab County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Summerlin Parkway is a freeway in the western portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, connecting U.S. Route 95 (US 95) to Clark County Route 215 (CC 215).	Summerlin Parkway	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMBX (102.3 FM, ``R&B X 102.3'') is a radio station serving the West Palm Beach, Florida and Port St. Lucie, Florida areas, broadcasting an Urban Adult Contemporary format.	WMBX	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paranda Tahsil is a tahsil (subdistrict) in Osmanabad district, Marathwada region in Maharashtra on Deccan Plateau of India.	Paranda Tahsil	Osmanabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tacoma Public Library system serves residents of Tacoma, Washington.	Tacoma Public Library	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mościska Duże (mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mościska Duże	Gmina Radoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pengze County (Chinese: 彭泽县) is a county under Jiujiang City in Jiangxi Province, China.	Pengze County	Jiujiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirattunilai (Tamil: மிரட்டுநிலை ) is a village in the Arimalam revenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Mirattunilai	Pudukkottai district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yedikule Fortress (Turkish: Yedikule Hisarı or Yedikule Zindanları; meaning ``Fortress/Dungeons of the Seven Towers'') is located in the Yedikule neighbourhood of Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey.	Yedikule Fortress	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Museum of Nuclear Science & History (formerly named National Atomic Museum) is a national repository of nuclear science information chartered by the 102nd United States Congress under Public Law 102-190, and located in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	National Museum of Nuclear Science & History	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humniska (xumˈɲiska) (Ukrainian: Гумниська, Humnys’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Humniska	Gmina Brzozów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milk Street is a street in the financial district of Boston, Massachusetts.	Milk Street	Boston	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Ryńska (ˈvulka ˈrɨɲska) (German: Rheindorfshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wólka Ryńska	Gmina Reszel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nolichucky Dam is a dam on the Nolichucky River near Greeneville, Tennessee, maintained by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA).	Nolichucky Dam	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gniewięcin (ɡɲɛˈvjɛnt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gniewięcin	Gmina Sędziszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mosaferabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان مسافرآباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Rudkhaneh District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mosaferabad Rural District	Rudkhaneh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CSX Susquehanna River Bridge is a railroad bridge that carries CSX's Philadelphia Subdivision across the Susquehanna River between Havre de Grace and Perryville, Maryland, via Garrett Island.	CSX Susquehanna River Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khotian is a village in Union Council chakwal, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan It is part of chakwal Tehsil.	Khotian	Chakwal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zama Lake Airport, (TC LID: CFT9), is located near to both Zama Lake and Zama City, Alberta, Canada.	Zama Lake Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imber is an uninhabited village in part of the British Army's training grounds on the Salisbury Plain, Wiltshire, England.	Imber	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmorack (Scottish Gaelic: Cill Mhòraig) is a small hamlet in Inverness-shire, in the Highlands of Scotland and now in the Highland Council area.	Kilmorack	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Triumfalnaya Square (former Mayakovsky Square, colloquially Mayakovka) is a public square in the Tverskoy District of the Central Administrative Okrug of Moscow.	Triumfalnaya Square	Tverskoy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerrans (Cornish: Gerens) is a coastal civil parish and village on the Roseland Peninsula in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Gerrans	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai (ISMMS), formerly the Mount Sinai School of Medicine (MSSM), is an American medical school in the New York City borough of Manhattan in the state of New York.	Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dapeng New District (Dapenghua IPA: (tʰaj pʰuŋ sɐn kʰy:)) is an administrative area under the jurisdiction of the Longgang District in Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province of China.	Dapeng New District	Shenzhen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collyer Monument is an historic monument to firefighters in Mineral Spring Park, at the corner of Mineral Spring Avenue and Main Street, in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, United States.	Collyer Monument	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adabis (Persian: عدعبيس‎, also Romanized as ``Adābīs and ``Ad ``Abīs) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 12 families.	Adabis	Chah Salem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padaminchi (Padamingi) (Tamil: படமிஞ்சி) is a village located in Tiruppathur Taluk in Sivaganga District, Tamil Nadu State, India.	Padaminchi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bindon Hill is an extensive Iron Age earthwork enclosing a coastal hill area near Lulworth Cove in Dorset, England.	Bindon Hill	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Lanarkshire (Scots: Sooth Lanrikshire, Scottish Gaelic: Siorrachd Lannraig a Deas) is one of 32 unitary authorities of Scotland.	South Lanarkshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anasagaram is a village in the Krishna district of the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Anasagaram	Krishna district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangabad (Persian: تنگ اباد‎, also Romanized as Tangābād; also known as Marghdārī-ye Dasht Behesht) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Tangabad	Nasrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Bayard Historic District, also known as Fort Bayard Site, near Santa Clara (formerly Central), New Mexico, was the site of an 1866 post of the US Army ``Buffalo Soldiers''.	Fort Bayard Historic District	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baker Building, also known as Baker's Opera House, in Dover, Morris County, New Jersey, United States, is a historic theater built of brick in the mid-1880s.	Baker Building	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanaga Island (Aleut: Tanax̂ax) is an island in the western Andreanof Islands, in the southwest part of the Aleutian Islands, Alaska.	Tanaga Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVSH (940 AM, ``Heart City Radio'') is a radio station licensed to serve Valentine, Nebraska, USA.	KVSH	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiyang Lou (Chinese: 西洋楼; pinyin: Xīyáng Lóu; literally: ``Western mansion(s)''), are ruins of 18th-century European-style imperial buildings on the grounds of the Old Summer Palace in Beijing, China.	Xiyang Lou	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taylor-Corwin House, also the Falconer Inn, is a Registered Historic Place in Pine Bush, New York.	Taylor-Corwin House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chachiha is a village in the tehsil of Joura, in the Morena district of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Chachiha	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arthur J. Dunham House is a house located at 3131 S. Wisconsin Ave. in Berwyn, Illinois.	Arthur J. Dunham House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBYT (100.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Elkhart, Indiana, USA, the station serves the Michiana region.	WBYT	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swan Range is a mountain range in western Montana in the United States.	Swan Range	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Moreton was a local government area in South East Queensland, Australia, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Queensland's capital, Brisbane.	Shire of Moreton	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Lorenzen (Italian: San Lorenzo di Sebato) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Bolzano.	St. Lorenzen	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litohlavy (German: Litochlau, Litohlau) is a village in Western Bohemia, the Czech Republic (Plzeň Region, Rokycany District), 3 km northwest of Rokycany, 403 m. above sea level, on the Osecký potok stream.	Litohlavy	Rokycany District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wörthersee Stadion ( Wörtherseestadion ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Klagenfurt, Austria.	Wörthersee Stadion	Klagenfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worcester County Hospital was a hospital operated by Worcester County which was operational from 1931 until 1993 in Boylston, Massachusetts.	Worcester County Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kübassaare is a village in Pöide Parish, Saaremaa in Saare County, western Estonia.	Kübassaare	Pöide Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurawra (or Gurawara) is a village in Rewari Tehsil, Rewari district, Haryana, India.	Gurawra	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockwell is a district in inner south London, England, located in the London Borough of Lambeth.	Stockwell	London Borough of Lambeth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierwszaki (pjɛrfˈʂaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pierwszaki	Gmina Tyszowce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mójcza (ˈmui̯t͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mójcza	Gmina Daleszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Highlands Council is a local government area in the central highland region of Tasmania.	Central Highlands Council	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shops at Atlas Park is an open-air lifestyle center located in the Glendale neighborhood of Queens, New York City, United States.	The Shops at Atlas Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hull-Hawkins House (also known as the Hawkins House) is a historic site near Live Oak, Florida.	Hull-Hawkins House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martinlaakso (Swedish: Mårtensdal) is a district in Vantaa, Finland.	Martinlaakso	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarnakunk (Armenian: Սառնակունք, also Romanized as Sarrnakunk'', Sarnakunq, Sarrnakunk; formerly, Saybalu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Sarnakunk	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bešlići (Serbian Cyrillic: Бешлићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bešlići	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capt. Rodney J. Baxter House is an octagonal house in Barnstable, Massachusetts that was built in 1850.	Capt. Rodney J. Baxter House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melching Field at Conrad Park is a baseball stadium located in DeLand, Florida.	Melching Field at Conrad Park	DeLand
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kiawah Island Golf Resort is a resort in Kiawah Island, South Carolina, southwest of Charleston.	Kiawah Island Golf Resort	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunst im Tunnel or KIT is a contemporary art museum in Düsseldorf.	Kunst im Tunnel	Düsseldorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canonbury is a residential district in the London Borough of Islington in the north of London.	Canonbury	London Borough of Islington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhaoba Township (Chinese: 赵八乡) is a township-level division of Shenze County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Zhaoba Township	Shenze County
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWML (570 AM) is a radio station located in Las Cruces, New Mexico.	KWML	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somiedo (Asturian: Somiedu) is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias, Spain.	Somiedo	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mirogoj Cemetery (pronounced (mîrɔɡɔːj)) is a cemetery park that is considered to be among the more noteworthy landmarks in the City of Zagreb.	Mirogoj Cemetery	Zagreb
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steinish (Scottish Gaelic: Steinnis) is a village in the Scottish Outer Hebrides, on the island of Lewis, near Plasterfield and Stornoway Airport.	Steinish	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balsdean is a deserted hamlet in a remote downland valley east of Brighton, East Sussex, England, on record since about 1100.	Balsdean	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZFR 90.1 FM is a non-profit, community radio station located in Chico, California.	KZFR	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święcieniec (ɕfjɛnˈt͡ɕɛɲɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Święcieniec	Gmina Słupno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hidden Valley Raceway is part of the Hidden Valley Motorsports Complex, 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.	Hidden Valley Raceway	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodside Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as Woodside United Methodist Church, is a historic Methodist church located on Main Street, and North Murderkill Hundred in Woodside, Kent County, Delaware.	Woodside Methodist Episcopal Church	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pafiako Stadium (Greek: Παφιακό Στάδιο) is a multi-use stadium in Paphos, the stadium holds 9,394 people.	Pafiako Stadium	Paphos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breton National Wildlife Refuge is located in southeastern Louisiana in the offshore Breton Islands and Chandeleur Islands.	Breton National Wildlife Refuge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irugur is a suburb of Coimbatore city in the state of Tamil Nadu.	Irugur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szarglew (ˈʂarɡlɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szarglew	Gmina Iłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orcutt Oil Field is a large oil field in the Solomon Hills south of Orcutt, in Santa Barbara County, California.	Orcutt Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanhamlach is a village in rural Powys, Wales about 4 miles east of Brecon.	Llanhamlach	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jessheim is a city in the Ullensaker municipality in Akershus of Norway.	Jessheim	Ullensaker
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phillipsburg Catholic High School was a parochial high school in Phillipsburg, New Jersey.	Phillipsburg Catholic High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Epperson House is an historic residence located at 5200 Cherry Street in Kansas City, Missouri.	Epperson House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Chit-e Pain (Persian: سرچيت پائين‎, also Romanized as Sar Chīt-e Pā’īn; also known as Sar Chīd-e Pā’īn, Sar Chīl-e Pā’īn, and Sarchīl Pā’īn) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sar Chit-e Pain	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augrabies Falls National Park is a national park located around the Augrabies Falls, about 120 km west of Upington in the Northern Cape Province, South Africa.	Augrabies Falls National Park	Northern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvin Larkins Park is a park in the Madrona neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, located on the north side of E. Pike Street between 34th and 35th Avenues.	Alvin Larkins Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balandar-e Sofla (Persian: بالندرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Bālandar-e Soflá; also known as Bālandar) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Balandar-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sprague's Super Service is a historic independent gas station on Route 66 in Normal, Illinois.	Sprague's Super Service	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Paper Mill Chimney and Site is a historic chimney and archaeological site located at Alcove in Albany County, New York.	Valley Paper Mill Chimney and Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moreno Valley College, or MVC, is a community college located in Moreno Valley, California, United States.	Moreno Valley College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barmas (Persian: برمس‎, also Romanized as Barmes; also known as Barmesh, Bārmīz, and Byrmys) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barmas	Azghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porthclais is the small sheltered inlet port near St David's, a small city in Pembrokeshire, West Wales.	Porthclais	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wellesley Hospital was a teaching hospital in Toronto, Ontario, Canada affiliated with the University of Toronto.	Wellesley Hospital	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vojtanov (German: Voitersreuth) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Vojtanov	Cheb District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Randall Dam is an earth embankment dam impounding the Missouri River in South Dakota, United States and forming Lake Francis Case.	Fort Randall Dam	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	McAdory High School (MHS) is a four-year public high school in the Birmingham, Alabama suburb of McCalla.	McAdory High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eggborough is a village and civil parish of 750 homes, in the Selby district of North Yorkshire, England, close to the county borders with South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and the East Riding.	Eggborough	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egg Hill Church is a historic church located at Potter Township Centre County, Pennsylvania.	Egg Hill Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caribou-Targhee National Forest is located in the states of Idaho and Wyoming, with a small section in Utah in the United States.	Caribou-Targhee National Forest	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gałczewko (ɡau̯ˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ) (German: Galsburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gałczewko	Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przejazdowo (pʂɛjazˈdɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Przejazdowo	Gmina Pruszcz Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dabhoi also called as Darbhavati is a city and a municipality in Vadodara district in the state of Gujarat, India.	Dabhoi	Vadodara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salinas Sports Complex is a sporting complex located in Salinas, California on the Central Coast.	Salinas Sports Complex	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aschersleben (German pronunciation: (ˈaʃɐsleːbən)) is a town in the Salzlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Aschersleben	Salzlandkreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenape High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Medford Township in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	Lenape High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Tanewska (ˈvulka taˈnɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulanów, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wólka Tanewska	Gmina Ulanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabłocie-Kolonia (zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Zabłocie-Kolonia	Gmina Kodeń
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPBK (102.9 FM) is a local radio station serving Lincoln County, Kentucky.	WPBK	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Řásná (Czech pronunciation: (ˈr̝aːsnaː)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Řásná	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byzie (ˈbɨʑe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Byzie	Gmina Waganiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jardin d'Eole Wind Farm is a 127.5 megawatt (MW) wind farm, located in Saint-Ulric, near Matane, Quebec.	Jardin d'Eole Wind Farm	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District (Persian: دهستان سنجبدجنوبي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District	Firuz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chancellor University was a private, for-profit university located in metropolitan Cleveland, Ohio.	Chancellor University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sepaste is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.	Sepaste	Emmaste Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziarat-e Bacheh (Persian: زيارت بچه‎, also Romanized as Zīārat-e Bacheh and Zīyāratbacheh) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ziarat-e Bacheh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziyarat Shah (Persian: زيارت شاه‎, also Romanized as Zīyārat Shāh; also known as Zīārat) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ziyarat Shah	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerenova is a coastal locality that along with the adjacent Campo di Mare makes up the Marina di Cerveteri frazione of the comune of Cerveteri.	Cerenova	Cerveteri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orleans Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Orleans Canal	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krakówki-Włodki (kraˈkufki ˈvwɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krakówki-Włodki	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mitbek is a tributary of the Höllenau in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Mitbek	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oglethorpe Barracks usually refers to a 19th-century United States Army post in the historic district of Savannah, Georgia.	Oglethorpe Barracks	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mormon volcanic field, also known as Mormon Mountain volcanic field, is a monogenetic and polygenetic volcanic field south of Flagstaff, Arizona.	Mormon volcanic field	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banaue (or alternatively spelled as Banawe) is a fourth class municipality in the province of Ifugao, Philippines.	Banaue	Ifugao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Standing Stone State Park is a state park in Overton County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Standing Stone State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Anahuac is an artificial lake fed by the Trinity River, 45 miles (72 km) east of downtown Houston, Texas, USA in western Chambers County.	Lake Anahuac	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maryvale Baseball Park is a baseball park located in Phoenix, Arizona owned and operated by the city's Parks and Recreation department.	Maryvale Baseball Park	Phoenix
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandal Castle is a ruined medieval castle in Sandal Magna, a suburb of the city of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, overlooking the River Calder.	Sandal Castle	Sandal Magna
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Point Community Church is a non-denominational, evangelical Christian megachurch located in Alpharetta, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta.	North Point Community Church	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Locate Creek Bridge, located on N. Locate Rd. near Miles City, Montana, is a historic bridge that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Locate Creek Bridge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McKinley Birthplace Home and Research Center is a reconstruction of a home on the site of the birth of America's twenty-fifth President, William McKinley, in Niles, Ohio.	McKinley Birthplace Home and Research Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornyhive Bay is an embayment along the North Sea coast in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Thornyhive Bay	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judenplatz Holocaust Memorial (German: Mahnmal für die 65.000 ermordeten österreichischen Juden und Jüdinnen der Shoah) also known as the Nameless Library stands in Judenplatz in the first district of Vienna.	Judenplatz Holocaust Memorial	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montgomery County Circuit Courthouses are part of the Montgomery County Judicial Center located in downtown Rockville, Maryland.	Montgomery County Circuit Courthouses	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banino (baˈninɔ) (German: Banin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Banino	Gmina Żukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunstane is a boutique hotel located in the west of Edinburgh on West Coates & Hampton Terrace, part of the A8 in Edinburgh.	The Dunstane	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abrigu (Persian: اب ريگو‎, also Romanized as Ābrīgū) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Abrigu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kryvka (Ukrainian: Кривка, Polish: Krywka) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Kryvka	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Akhar (Persian: گل آخر‎, also Romanized as Gol Ākhar and Gol Ākher; also known as Gol Ākhūr, Gol Ākhvor, Kurah Haz, and Qara Khar) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gol Akhar	Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodbine Brotherhood Synagogue is a historic Jewish synagogue at 612 Washington Avenue in Woodbine, Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Woodbine Brotherhood Synagogue	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matcze (ˈmatt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Matcze	Gmina Horodło
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alaskan Hotel and Bar is a historic establishment and oldest operating hotel in Juneau, Alaska.	Alaskan Hotel and Bar	Juneau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sydney Falls, more commonly called Kotsuck Creek Falls or Kotsuck Falls, is a waterfall in the Mount Rainier National Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Sydney Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tallahassee metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Tallahassee, Florida.	Tallahassee metropolitan area	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gigg Lane is an all-seater football stadium in Bury, Greater Manchester, England.	Gigg Lane	Bury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northlands Park is the ``Alberta A circuit'' horse racing track at Northlands in Edmonton, Alberta.	Northlands Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Dinar (Persian: كاني دينار‎, also Romanized as Kānī Dīnār; also known simply as Dīnār) is a city in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Dinar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norfork High School is a nationally recognized comprehensive public high school located in the rural, distant city of Norfork, Arkansas, United States.	Norfork High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slatyfork Wildlife Management Area is located on 49 acres (20 ha) north of Marlinton in Pocahontas and Randolph Counties, West Virginia.	Slatyfork Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Disney Gallery is an attraction and merchandise location at Disneyland in Anaheim, California.	The Disney Gallery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Keith Mansion and Carriage House, at 529 E. South Temple St. in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States, was built during 1898-1900.	David Keith Mansion and Carriage House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barraba Shire was a local government area located in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia, about 90 kilometres (56 mi) north of Tamworth via Fossickers Way.	Barraba Shire	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadipikonda is a Municipal corporation Division in Warangal District, Telangana state, India.	Kadipikonda	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerro Coso Community College was established in 1973 and is located in the Eastern Sierra region of Southern California, as a separate college within the Kern Community College District.	Cerro Coso Community College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ufenau is an island located, with the neighbouring island of Lützelau, in Lake Zürich in Switzerland between Freienbach (0.9 km (0.56 mi) away) and Rapperswil (2.5 km (1.6 mi) away).	Ufenau	Freienbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paris Cemetery in Bourbon County, Kentucky was founded in 1847.	Paris Cemetery	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westergeest (West Frisian: Westergeast) (Low Saxon: Westergaist) is a village in Kollumerland c.a.	Westergeest	Kollumerland c.a
located in the administrative territorial entity	Detroit Towers is a high-rise residential apartment building located in Detroit, Michigan, on the city's near-east side.	Detroit Towers	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egra is headquarters of Egra subdivision in Purba Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Egra	Purba Medinipur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esgueira is an urban civil parish in the municipality (concelho) of Aveiro, in continental Portugal.	Esgueira	Aveiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hauxton is a small village in Cambridgeshire, England around 5 miles to the south-west of Cambridge.	Hauxton	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białachowo (bjawaˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Białachowo	Gmina Zblewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leshtani (Persian: لشتاني‎, also Romanized as Leshtānī; also known as Lash Dānī) is a village in Moqam Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Leshtani	Shibkaveh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerzmanice (jɛʐmaˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Jerzmanice	Gmina Rzepin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raycraft Ranch, located north of Carson City, Nevada on U. S. 395 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.	Raycraft Ranch	Carson City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ski Mount Abram is a small family ski area in Greenwood, Maine, located a few miles outside of Bethel, Maine, and the Sunday River Resort.	Mount Abram	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harry S. Truman National Historic Site (officially styled without the period after the S) preserves the longtime home of Harry S. Truman, the thirty-third president of the United States, as well as other properties associated with him in the Kansas City, Missouri metropolitan area.	Harry S. Truman National Historic Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wycombe Marsh is a hamlet in Buckinghamshire, England, which has been absorbed into the expanding suburbs of High Wycombe.	Wycombe Marsh	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Stary Dzików is a rural administrative district in Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Gmina Stary Dzików	Lubaczów County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choghabur-e Rahman (Persian: چغابوررحمان‎, also Romanized as Choghābūr-e Raḩmān; also known as Choqābūr-e Raḩmān) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choghabur-e Rahman	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miss Freedom, originally christened as Goddess of Liberty, is the name of the statue adorning the dome of the Georgia State Capitol since 1889.	Miss Freedom	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbotrule is a hamlet south of the B6357 road, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland on the Rule Water.	Abbotrule	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiali District (Chinese: 佳里區; pinyin: Jiālǐ Qū; Wade--Giles: Chia1-li3 Ch'ü1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ka-lí) is a district located in Tainan, Taiwan, about 15 km north of the former Dutch base of Fort Zeelandia.	Jiali District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barsenan (Persian: برسنان‎, also Romanized as Barsenān) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Barsenan	Zirkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orange County High School is a high school for children from grades nine to twelve located in Orange, Virginia.	Orange County High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenway Plantation is a wood-frame, 1 1/2-story plantation house that stands on the north side of Route 5 in Charles City County, Virginia.	Greenway Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurabad-e Nur Mohammad (Persian: شورابادنورمحمد‎, also Romanized as Shūrābād-e Nūr Moḩammad; also known as Shoor Abad, Shūrābād, Shūrābād-e Nūr, and Shūrābād-e Zard) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shurabad-e Nur Mohammad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sapałówka (sapaˈwufka) (German: Ostau, until 1938 Sapallen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Sapałówka	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perrywood is a village and a wood near the village of Selling, in the Swale District, in the English county of Kent.	Perrywood	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oiba (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈoiβa)) is a town and municipality in the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia.	Oiba	Santander Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Święta-Leśniczówka (ˈnɔva ˈɕfjɛnta lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Święta-Leśniczówka	Gmina Złotów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opielanka (ɔpjɛˈlaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Opielanka	Gmina Topólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	CITU-FM is a Canadian radio station which broadcasts a French language community radio format on the frequency 104.1 FM in Petit-de-Grat, Nova Scotia.	CITU-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fire Control Tower No. 23 is a NRHP-listed tower located in Lower Township, Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Fire Control Tower No. 23	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kreyenhagen Hills are a range of foothills of the Diablo Range in western Fresno County and Kings County, California.	Kreyenhagen Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sain Qaleh (Persian: صائين قلعه‎, also Romanized as Şā’īn Qal``eh; also known as Sain-Kalekh and Khorosan) is a city in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,083, in 2,896 families.	Sain Qaleh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bommanahal is a village and a Mandal in Anantapur district headquarters in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Bommanahal	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Union Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located 0.2 miles (0.32 km) north of Blackbird Crossroads on U.S. 13 in Townsend, New Castle County, Delaware.	Old Union Methodist Church	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McCullough-Price House is a 1938 pueblo revival home in Chandler, Arizona.	McCullough-Price House	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ten Thousand Buddhas Monastery (Man Fat Tsz) is a Buddhist temple in Sha Tin, Hong Kong.	Ten Thousand Buddhas Monastery	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adlešiči (pronounced (ˈaːdlɛʃitʃi); German: Adleschitz) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Adlešiči	Črnomelj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Todos Santos y San Antonio was a 20,772-acre (84.06 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day Santa Barbara County, California given in 1841 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to William Edward Petty Hartnell.	Rancho Todos Santos y San Antonio	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Express Building at 65 Broadway in between Morris and Rector Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City was built in 1914-1917 and was designed by James L. Aspinwall of the firm of Renwick, Aspinwall & Tucker in the Neoclassical style.	65 Broadway	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirakira the provincial capital of the Makira-Ulawa Province in the Solomon Islands.	Kirakira	Makira-Ulawa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talimena State Park is an Oklahoma state park located in LeFlore County in eastern Oklahoma.	Talimena State Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meizhong (Chinese: 妹冢镇) is a town in Shen County, Liaocheng, in western Shandong province, China.	Meizhong	Shen County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort St. Philip is an historic masonry fort located on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River, about 40 miles (64 km) upriver from its mouth in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana.	Fort St. Philip	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sagharan-e Sofla (Persian: ساغران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sāgharān-e Soflá and Sāqerān-e Soflá; also known as Meykand, Sāgharī-ye Soflá, Yangī Kand, and Yaqī Kand) is a village in Abgarm Rural District, Abgarm District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Sagharan-e Sofla	Abgarm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolincz (ˈkɔlint͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kolincz	Gmina Starogard Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiratpur also known as Kiratpur Sahib is a town in Rupnagar district, Punjab, India.	Kiratpur Sahib	Rupnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District (Persian: دهستان زنجانرودبالا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Egyptian Building is a historic college building in Richmond, Virginia, completed in 1845.	Egyptian Building	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Nakonowska (ˈvɔla nakɔˈnɔfska) (German: Kleinnakel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wola Nakonowska	Gmina Choceń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dratów-Kolonia (ˈdratuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dratów-Kolonia	Gmina Ludwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqbolagh-e Bahman (Persian: اقبلاغ بهمن‎, also Romanized as Āqbolāgh-e Bahman; also known as Āq Bolāgh) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aqbolagh-e Bahman	Molla Yaqub Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lieblein House is a single-family house located at 525 Quincy Street in Hancock, Michigan.	Lieblein House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martin Luther School is a co-educational Lutheran middle and high school located in the neighborhood of Maspeth, in the borough of Queens, New York City.	Martin Luther School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	United Supermarkets Arena (previously the United Spirit Arena) is a multi-purpose arena on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas.	United Supermarkets Arena	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratingen is a town in the district of Mettmann, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, in the northwestern part of Berg - about 12 km northeast of Düsseldorf.	Ratingen	Mettmann
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isbell Field (FAA LID: 4A9) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) north of the central business district of Fort Payne, a city in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States.	Isbell Field	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coney Island Avenue is a roadway in the New York City borough of Brooklyn that runs north-south for a distance of roughly five miles, almost parallel to Ocean Parkway and Ocean Avenue.	Coney Island Avenue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Vermont College is a private, four-year liberal arts college located on the 371-acre (1.50 km2) former Edward Everett Estate near Bennington, Vermont in the southwestern corner of the state bordering New York and Massachusetts.	Southern Vermont College	Bennington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chedzoy is a civil parish village 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Bridgwater in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset, England.	Chedzoy	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	LPGA International is a golf club, located in Daytona Beach, Volusia County, Florida, and the main golf facility used by the Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA).	LPGA International	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monmouth County Library is the county library system for Monmouth County, New Jersey.	Monmouth County Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan Savings Bank Building opened on May 22, 1867 at the northeast corner of Third Avenue (Manhattan) -- now Cooper Square -- and East 7th Street, in New York City.	Metropolitan Savings Bank Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kluge House, also known as Maverick House, is a rare example of Silesian fachwerk, log and half-timber construction, located in Helena, Montana.	Kluge House	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canons Ashby is a small village and civil parish in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire, England.	Canons Ashby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miłkówko (miu̯ˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Miłkówko	Gmina Lubasz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudor Sports Ground is a public park between Clifford Road and the East Coast Main Railway Line in New Barnet in the London Borough of Barnet.	Tudor Sports Ground	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Haddon is a small village and civil parish in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire in England.	East Haddon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mato Verde is a municipality located in the north of the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Mato Verde	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Dodge is a military installation in the city of Johnston, Iowa.	Camp Dodge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooks School is a private, co-educational, preparatory, secondary school in North Andover, Massachusetts on the shores of Lake Cochichewick.	Brooks School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles River Esplanade of Boston, Massachusetts, is a state-owned park situated in the Back Bay area of the city, on the banks of the Charles River.	Charles River Esplanade	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canaston Bridge is a village in Pembrokeshire, southwest Wales.	Canaston Bridge	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre Sportif Lacroix-Dutil is a multi-purpose arena in Saint-Georges, Quebec, Canada.	Centre Sportif Lacroix-Dutil	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quirino is a landlocked province in the Philippines located in the Cagayan Valley region in Luzon and named after Elpidio Quirino, the sixth President of the Philippines.	Quirino	Cagayan Valley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Bahram Mahalleh (Persian: حاج بهرام محله‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Bahrām Maḩalleh; also known as Ḩājjī Bahrām Maḩalleh, Ḩājjī Bahrām and Nāvrūd-e Asālem) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hajj Bahram Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurepoix is an area of Île-de-France, in south west of Paris, localised between departments of Yvelines, Hauts-de-Seine and Essonne, it was an old province of the French Kingdom.	Hurepoix	Essonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Senator George Sellar Bridge, also known as the Columbia River Bridge at Wenatchee, Washington was built in 1950 to carry U.S. Route 2 across the Columbia River.	Senator George Sellar Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maltesholm Castle (Swedish: Maltesholms slott) is a large manor house located in Kristianstad Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Maltesholm Castle	Kristianstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąkczew (ˈvɔŋkt͡ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wąkczew	Gmina Łęczyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świnna Poręba (ˈɕfinna pɔˈrɛmba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mucharz, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Świnna Poręba	Gmina Mucharz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lucton is a village near the town of Leominster in the county of Herefordshire, England.	Lucton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eilean Rìgh is an island in the Inner Hebrides of the west coast of Scotland.	Eilean Rìgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunowo (duˈnɔvɔ) (formerly German Thunow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dunowo	Gmina Świeszyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yucatán ( ʝukaˈtan ), officially the Free and Sovereign State of Yucatán (Spanish: Estado Libre y Soberano de Yucatán), is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico.	Yucatán	Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajugan (Persian: رجوگان‎, also Romanized as Rajūgān) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rajugan	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croftnacreich is a hamlet on the Black Isle, in Ross and Cromarty in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Croftnacreich	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	A. J. Palumbo Center is a 4,406-seat multi-purpose arena in the Uptown area of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania served by exits on both Interstate 376 and Interstate 579.	Palumbo Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budówko (buˈdufkɔ) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Budówko	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Jolla Playhouse is a not-for-profit, professional theatre-in-residence on the campus of the University of California, San Diego.	La Jolla Playhouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Sweden Farmstead Museum is an open-air museum in Bridgeton, New Jersey, United States.	New Sweden Farmstead Museum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rumeh (Persian: رومه‎, also Romanized as Rūmeh and Roomeh; also known as Rameh) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rumeh	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Jedlińska (ˈvɔla jɛdˈliɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Jedlińska	Gmina Ładzice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neginan (Persian: نگينان‎, also Romanized as Negīnān; also known as Nagīnu) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Neginan	Fakhrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huși (Romanian pronunciation: (huʃʲ), Hebrew: חוש‎, Hungarian: Huszváros, German: Hussburg) is a city in Vaslui County, Romania, former capital of the disbanded Fălciu County in the historical region of Moldavia, Romanian Orthodox episcopal see, and home of some of the best vineyards of Romania.	Huși	Vaslui County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathaniel Backus House is a two-story Greek Revival clapboarded house with a gable roof in Norwich, Connecticut.	Nathaniel Backus House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chambersburg and Bedford Turnpike Road Company Toll House is a historic toll house located at St. Thomas Township in Franklin County, Pennsylvania.	Chambersburg and Bedford Turnpike Road Company Toll House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Deh-e Ali (Persian: دهنوده علي‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Deh-e ʿAlī and Dehnudehalī) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Deh-e Ali	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vereina Tunnel is a railway tunnel, and the principal part of the Vereina railway line, in the canton of Graubünden in eastern Switzerland.	Vereina Tunnel	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black River Canal was a canal built in northern New York in the USA to connect the Erie Canal to the Black River.	Black River Canal	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowhadan (Persian: نوحدان‎, also Romanized as Nowḩadān and Noohdan; also known as Nodan and Nowdān) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nowhadan	Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bożenica (bɔʐɛˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bożenica	Gmina Łomża
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eckbach Mill Path (German: Eckbach-Mühlenwanderweg) is a footpath in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Eckbach Mill Path	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torfhaus is a village in the borough of the mining town of Altenau in the Harz mountains of Germany and lies at a height of about 800 m above sea level (NN).	Torfhaus	Altenau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baikampady is a place north of Panambur in Dakshina Kannada district.	Baikampady	Dakshina Kannada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midhowe Broch is an iron-age broch located on the west coast of the island of Rousay in the Orkney Islands, in Scotland.	Midhowe Broch	Rousay
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCOH-FM is an American radio station, licensed to DuBois, Pennsylvania;	WCOH-FM	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemmon's Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located near Portersville in Boone Township, Dubois County, Indiana.	Lemmon's Presbyterian Church	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYFG is a radio station simulcasting the Bible Broadcasting Network for the Gaffney, Spartanburg, and Greenville areas of South Carolina as well as some of the western suburbs of the Charlotte area.	WYFG	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Showbox (oringally known as the Showbox Theater) is a music venue in Seattle, Washington.	The Showbox	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arms Academy was a public school located in Shelburne, Massachusetts, United States.	Arms Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hofheim (Taunus) station is a station in the city of Hofheim in the German state of Hesse on the Main-Lahn Railway.	Hofheim (Taunus) station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeh Buk (Persian: برده بوك‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Būk; also known as Bardbūk) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bardeh Buk	Bowalhasan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Joaquin Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, located in coastal Orange County, California.	San Joaquin Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Edge Tower, also known as 2nd & Pike, is a 440-foot-tall (130 m) residential skyscraper currently under construction in Seattle, Washington.	West Edge Tower	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crane Island Historic District is a historic district of vacation properties on Crane Island in Lake Minnetonka, part of the city of Minnetrista, Minnesota, United States.	Crane Island Historic District	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Foster, formerly known as Camp Zukeran (Japanese: キャンプ瑞慶覧) is a United States Marine Corps camp located in Ginowan City with portions overlapping into Okinawa City, Chatan town and Kitanakagusuku village in the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa Island.	Camp Foster	Ginowan	Okinawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDMC-LP (103.7 FM; ``Rage 103.7'') was a radio station formerly licensed to Cape Girardeau, Missouri, USA.	KDMC-LP	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selfridge Public School is a public elementary school and high school located in Selfridge, North Dakota.	Selfridge Public School	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komaj Khvor (Persian: كماج خور‎, also Romanized as Komāj Khvor; also known as Komāch Khvor and Komājkhor) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Komaj Khvor	Qara Bashlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Cincinnati is the central business district of Cincinnati, Ohio, and one of its 52 neighborhoods.	Downtown Cincinnati	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamboanga Peninsula (Filipino: Tangway ng Sambuwangga) is an administrative region in the Philippines, designated as ``Region IX''.	Zamboanga Peninsula	Philippines
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hezekiah Chaffee House is a historic house museum on Meadow Lane in Windsor, Connecticut.	Hezekiah Chaffee House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garrison Foundry-Mackintosh Hemphill Company Offices located at 901-911 Bingham Street in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, were built from 1895 to 1902.	Garrison Foundry-Mackintosh Hemphill Company Offices	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balesht (Persian: بلشت‎, also Romanized as Baleshat; also known as Bālisht and Palesht) is a village in Horr Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Balesht	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJCQ-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format at 97.9 FM in North Battleford, Saskatchewan branded as Q98.	CJCQ-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahdunki-ye Mushemi (Persian: كاهدونكي موشمي‎, also Romanized as Kāhdūnkī-ye Mūshemī) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kahdunki-ye Mushemi	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clayton Bridge railway station, Manchester, was a railway station that served the locality between 1846 and 1968.	Clayton Bridge railway station	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton-Madison House is a voluntary, non-profit settlement house dedicated to improving the quality of life of its community, primarily that of the Two Bridges/Chinatown area of the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York City, United States.	Hamilton-Madison House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elephant Tea Rooms is a Grade II listed building in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.	Elephant Tea Rooms	Sunderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willetton Senior High School (WSHS) is the largest government high school in Western Australia and one of the top schools in the state.	Willetton Senior High School	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syndal High School (also known as Syndal Secondary School) was a public secondary school located in Glen Waverley, Victoria, Australia.	Syndal High School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Pir (Persian: ده پير‎, also Romanized as Deh Pīr) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh Pir	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loewenstein and Sons Hardware Building, also known as the Loewenstein Building or Rite Aid Building, is a historic commercial structure located at Charleston, West Virginia.	Loewenstein and Sons Hardware Building	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac la Plonge is a glacial lake in Saskatchewan in the basin of the Beaver River near Lac Île-à-la-Crosse.	Lac la Plonge	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 376 (I-376) is a major auxiliary route of the Interstate Highway System in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, located within the Allegheny Plateau.	Interstate 376	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Hobart Oval is a sports venue in North Hobart, Tasmania, used for Australian rules football.	North Hobart Oval	North Hobart, Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doolough is a coastal townland covering an area of 2,493 acres (10.09 km2) in Kiltane Parish, Erris, North County Mayo.	Doolough	County Mayo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Yadalleh Khiami (Persian: تلمبه يداله خيامي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Yadālleh Khīāmī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Yadalleh Khiami	Mohammadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Martin von Wagner Museum contains the art collection of the University of Würzburg and has been located in the south wing of the Würzburg Residence since 1963.	Martin von Wagner Museum	Würzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fly Creek Methodist Church, also known as First Methodist Episcopal Society in Fly Creek, is a historic Methodist church on Co. Rt. 26, north of the junction with NY 28 in Fly Creek, Otsego County, New York.	Fly Creek Methodist Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalvacherla is a village of Kamanpur mandal located in the Karimnagar district of the state of Telangana in India.	Kalvacherla	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naugatuck State Forest is a Connecticut state forest consisting of five separate blocks in the towns of Oxford, Beacon Falls, Naugatuck, Bethany, Cheshire, Hamden, Seymour, and Ansonia.	Naugatuck State Forest	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahr-e Khvast (Persian: شهرخواست‎, also Romanized as Shahr-e Khvāst; also known as Shahr-e Khāst) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District, Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Khvast	Band-e Amir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton Court House is an 18th-century building on the edge of Bushy Park in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	Hampton Court House	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeside Shopping Center is a mall located at 3301 Veterans Memorial Boulevard in the New Orleans suburb of Metairie, Louisiana.	Lakeside Shopping Center	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haiyang (simplified Chinese: 海阳; traditional Chinese: 海陽; pinyin: Hǎiyáng), a coastal city in the peninsula province of Shandong in eastern China, is strategically located in the center of the prime tourist trio of Qingdao, Yantai, and Weihai.	Haiyang	Yantai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Si Abbasi (Persian: چهار سي عباسي‎, also Romanized as Chahār Sī ʿAbbāsī) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chahar Si Abbasi	Deraz Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dantu District (simplified Chinese: 丹徒区; traditional Chinese: 丹徒區; pinyin: Dāntú Qū) is one of three districts of Zhenjiang, Jiangsu province, China.	Dantu District	Zhenjiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Closworth is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated five miles south of Yeovil in the South Somerset district, on the border with Dorset.	Closworth	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Atoka Reservoir (also called Atoka Lake) is a reservoir in southeastern Oklahoma, 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Atoka, Oklahoma, county seat of Atoka County, Oklahoma.	Lake Atoka Reservoir	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandar-e Kolah Boland (Persian: كندركلاه بلند‎, also Romanized as Kandar-e Kolāh Boland and Kondor Kolah Boland) is a village in Sigar Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kandar-e Kolah Boland	Sigar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Levensau High Bridge (German: Levensauer Straßen- und Eisenbahnhochbrücke ; short: Levensauer Hochbrücke) is a high level arch bridge that spans the Kiel Canal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Levensau High Bridge	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulnici is a commune in Vrancea County, Romania, located in the northwestern part of the county.	Tulnici	Vrancea County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vatra Moldoviței is a commune located in the west-central part of Suceava County, Romania.	Vatra Moldoviței	Suceava County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mulwala Canal is an irrigation canal in the southern Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.	Mulwala Canal	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleiner Ravensberg is the highest elevation in the municipal area of Potsdam in Brandenburg, Germany with a peak at 114.2 m above sea level.	Kleiner Ravensberg	Potsdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lepino (lɛˈpinɔ) (German: Leppin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Lepino	Gmina Sławoborze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodford Correctional Centre is an Australian prison facility located in Woodford, Queensland, Australia, approximately 80 kilometres north from Brisbane and 30 kilometres from Caboolture.	Woodford Correctional Centre	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzeszynek (ʐɛˈʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rzeszynek	Gmina Jeziora Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Williston Northampton School, or ``Williston,'' is a private co-educational preparatory school for boarding and day students in seventh grade through postgraduate year located in Easthampton, Massachusetts.	Williston Northampton School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Misamis Oriental (Cebuano: Sidlakang Misamis, Tagalog: Silangang Misamis) is a province in the Philippines located in the Northern Mindanao region.	Misamis Oriental	Northern Mindanao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Sylvester Willard Mansion, also known as the Cayuga Museum of History and Art, is a historic mansion and related outbuildings located in Auburn, Cayuga County, New York state.	Dr. Sylvester Willard Mansion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotlum Glacier is a glacier situated on the northeast flank of Mount Shasta, in the US state of California.	Hotlum Glacier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merrica River is an intermediate intermittently closed saline coastal lagoon or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Merrica River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baia Mare Airport (IATA: BAY, ICAO: LRBM) is a minor domestic airport situated in northwest Romania, located in Tăuții-Măgherăuș, 10 km (6.2 mi) west of Baia Mare municipality and in the historic region of Maramureş.	Baia Mare Airport	Tăuții-Măgherăuș
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sękorady (sɛnkɔˈradɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sękorady	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northeast Lakeview College is an unaccredited community college located in Universal City, Texas.	Northeast Lakeview College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lejławki Małe (lɛi̯ˈwafki ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Grünheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lejławki Małe	Gmina Orneta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenyon's Department Store is an historic department store building at 344 Main Street in the village of Wakefield in the town of South Kingstown, Rhode Island.	Kenyon's Department Store	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rogier metro station is a Brussels metro station on the northern segment of line 2 which also serves tram lines on the north-south axis.	Rogier metro station	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byszówka (bɨˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Byszówka	Gmina Klimontów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oschiri (Gallurese: Óscari, Sardinian: Oscheri) is a comune (municipality) and former bishopric in the Province of Olbia-Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Olbia.	Oschiri	Province of Olbia-Tempio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Shiru (Persian: كلاته شيرو‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Shīrū) is a village in Raz Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Shiru	Raz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mszadla Nowa (ˈmʂadla ˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mszadla Nowa	Gmina Przyłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walter F. George Lake, named for Walter F. George (1878--1957), a United States Senator from Georgia, is formed on the Chattahoochee River along the state line between Alabama and Georgia.	Walter F. George Lake	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northaw and Cuffley is a civil parish in the Welwyn Hatfield borough of Hertfordshire, England.	Northaw and Cuffley	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foul Rift is a Class II rapids in the Delaware River from mile 196.3 to 196.7, located about a mile south of Belvidere, New Jersey.	Foul Rift	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bowers Bluff Middens Archeological District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on February 1, 1980) located approximately five miles southeast of Astor, Florida.	Bowers Bluff Middens Archeological District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Adagdak is a Pleistocene age stratovolcano on the northernmost extremity of Adak Island in the Aleutian Islands, Alaska.	Mount Adagdak	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truskolasy-Lachy (Pronounced: (truskɔˈlasɨ ˈlaxɨ)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Truskolasy-Lachy	Gmina Sokoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kogé is a small town and arrondissement located in the commune of Adjohoun in the Borgou Department of Benin.	Kogé	Adjohoun
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gross Ruchen is a mountain in the Glarus Alps, overlooking the Brunnital south of Unterschächen in the canton of Uri.	Gross Ruchen	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Danforth Music Hall (originally Allen's Danforth Theatre) is a theatre on Danforth Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Danforth Music Hall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganj Ali Sara (Persian: گنج علي سرا‎, also Romanized as Ganj ʿAlī Sarā; also known as Ganjīsarā) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ganj Ali Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAMV-LP (101.9 FM) is a defunct, low-power radio station formerly licensed to serve Brighton, Colorado, USA.	KAMV-LP	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ruby, also known as Camp Ruby, was built in 1862, during the American Civil War, in the ``wilderness of eastern Nevada.''	Fort Ruby	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nová Pec (German: Neuofen) is a village and municipality (obec) in Prachatice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Nová Pec	Prachatice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sara Gavabar (Persian: سراگوابر‎, also Romanized as Sarā Gavābar) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sara Gavabar	Siahkalrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Airline Highway is a divided highway in the U.S. state of Louisiana, built in stages between 1925 and 1953 to bypass the older Jefferson Highway.	Airline Highway	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Martin Dam is a dam in Mont-Valin, Quebec, Canada, in the administrative region of Saguenay--	Saint-Martin Dam	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaban Kandi (Persian: شعبان كندي‎, also Romanized as Sha``bān Kandī) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 15 families.	Shaban Kandi	Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazneh (Persian: وزنه‎) is a village in Hasanlu Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vazneh	Hasanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostera (kɔsˈtɛra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kostera	Gmina Gnojno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reelfoot Lake State Park is a state park in the northwest corner of Tennessee in the United States.	Reelfoot Lake State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corlat (Irish: Corr Leacht) or Corlatt is a townland in the north of County Monaghan in Ireland in the parish of Tydavnet.	Corlat	County Monaghan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khosrow Mahalleh (Persian: خسرومحله‎, also Romanized as Khosrow Maḩalleh; also known as Mollā Aḩmad) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khosrow Mahalleh	Lavandevil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brantley Dam is a flood control and irrigation water storage dam on the Pecos River in Eddy County, New Mexico about 13 miles (21 km) north of Carlsbad, New Mexico and 10 miles (16 km) upstream from Avalon Dam.	Brantley Dam	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Kabud-e Hasan Gholami (Persian: تپه كبودحسن غلامي‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Kabūd-e Ḩasan Gholāmī) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Kabud-e Hasan Gholami	Ozgoleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sha Tin Methodist College (沙田循道衛理中學), abbreviated as STMC, is a government subsidised secondary school founded in 1983, which is sponsored by the Methodist Church, Hong Kong to serve the local community together with churches and service centres in Sha Tin parish.	Sha Tin Methodist College	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sariyeh (Persian: ساريه‎, also Romanized as Sārīyeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sariyeh	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinzheng (simplified Chinese: 新郑; traditional Chinese: 新鄭; pinyin: Xīnzhèng) is a small county-level city of Zhengzhou in the south of Henan province of Central China.	Xinzheng	Zhengzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coney Island Yard Electric Motor Repair Shop is a historic motor repair shop for subway trains located at the Coney Island Complex in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Coney Island Yard Electric Motor Repair Shop	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Černý Důl (German: Schwarzental) is a market town and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Černý Důl	Trutnov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeglin (ˈjɛɡlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jeglin	Gmina Pisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wycinka (vɨˈt͡ɕiŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bałtów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wycinka	Gmina Bałtów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Kotlice (ˈstarɛ kɔtˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stare Kotlice	Gmina Sobków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Glade Senior Public School is a middle school in Mississauga, Ontario.	Green Glade Senior Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Naples (Italian: Provincia di Napoli, Napulitano: Pruvincia 'e Nàpule) was a province in the Campania region of southern Italy; since January 2015 has been replaced by the Metropolitan City of Naples.	Province of Naples	Campania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Witch's Dungeon Classic Movie Museum in Bristol, Connecticut is a collection of figures of classic movie monsters.	Witch's Dungeon Classic Movie Museum	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bregenz Forest (German: Bregenzerwald) is one of the main regions in the state of Vorarlberg, Austria.	Bregenz Forest	Vorarlberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kocielizna (kɔt͡ɕeˈlizna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kocielizna	Gmina Kleszczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dankowo (danˈkɔvɔ) (German: Semmler) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dankowo	Gmina Kwidzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pennridge Airport (ICAO: KCKZ, FAA LID: CKZ, formerly N70) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) north of the central business district of Perkasie in East Rockhill Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Pennridge Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świbne (ˈɕfibnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Świbne	Gmina Domaszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodì Milici (Sicilian: Rudìa Milici) is an Italian comune in the Province of Messina in Sicily.	Rodì Milici	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cross Kauwa (sometimes referred to simply as Kauwa) is a town in the northeastern Nigerian state of Borno, east of the town of Kukawa.	Cross Kauwa	Kukawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladstone Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, surrounding and north of the north end of Christina Lake in that province's Boundary Country.	Gladstone Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendijan County (Persian: شهرستان هندیجان) is a County in Khuzestan Province in Iran.	Hendijan County	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ZCBJ Lodge No. 46, also known as Bohemian Hall, is an historic building located in Prague, Oklahoma that was built in 1917.	ZCBJ Lodge No. 46	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bucov (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈbukov)) is a commune in Prahova County, Romania, just east of Ploieşti, the county seat.	Bucov	Prahova County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mỹ Trạch is a rural commune (xã) and village in Bố Trạch District, Quảng Bình Province, in Vietnam.	Mỹ Trạch	Bố Trạch
located in the administrative territorial entity	Premià de Mar (Catalan pronunciation: (pɾəmiˈa ðə ˈmar)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia, Spain.	Premià de Mar	Maresme
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loteshwar is a village and an archaeological site belonging to Indus Valley Civilisation located at Patan district, Gujarat, India.	Loteshwar	Patan district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emery Theatre, or Emery Auditorium, is a historic, acoustically exceptional theater located in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio.	Emery Theatre	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Vazam (Persian: دره وزم‎, also Romanized as Darreh Vezem and Darreh Vezm; also known as Takrūzom and Taqrūzūm) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darreh Vazam	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winton House is a historic house set in a large estate between Pencaitland and Tranent in East Lothian, Scotland.	Winton House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dog Iron Ranch, located about two miles east of Oologah, Oklahoma, USA, is the historic ranch and birthplace of humorist Will Rogers.	Dog Iron Ranch	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokhtaran (Persian: مختاران‎, also Romanized as Mokhtārān, Moxtārān, and Mukhtārān) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mokhtaran	Naharjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wong Chuk Hang is an industrial and residential town to the east of Aberdeen and to the north of Nam Long Shan and to the west of Shouson Hill, on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Wong Chuk Hang	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prescot is a town and civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley in Merseyside, England.	Prescot	Knowsley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grant Boyhood Home in Georgetown, Ohio was where Ulysses S. Grant lived from 1823 until 1839, when he left for the United States Military Academy at West Point.	Grant Boyhood Home	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlbury (/ˈtʃɑrlbᵊri/ or /ˈtʃɔrlbᵊri/, local /ˈtʃɔːwbri/) is a small town and civil parish in the Evenlode valley, about 6 miles (10 km) north of Witney in West Oxfordshire.	Charlbury	West Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badkharid (Persian: بادخريد‎, also Romanized as Bādkharīd; also known as Vīkher) is a village in Afshar Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Badkharid	Afshar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Troski (ˈtrɔski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Troski	Gmina Naruszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armley Park, or Gott's Park, is a large public park situated next to Stanningley Road in Armley, Leeds, England.	Armley Park	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crowton is a civil parish and village within the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Crowton	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamz (Persian: جمز‎) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jamz	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sankaty Head Golf Club is one of the Eastern-most golf courses in Massachusetts, perched on the edge of Nantucket Island in Siasconset, Massachusetts.	Sankaty Head Golf Club	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Shirak (Persian: ده شيرك‎, also Romanized as Deh Shīrak and Deh-e Shīrak; also known as Deh Shīr) is a village in Pariz Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Shirak	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Dakota Highway 130 (SD 130) is a short state highway located entirely within Walworth County, South Dakota.	South Dakota Highway 130	Walworth County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guik (Persian: گوييك‎, also Romanized as Gū’īk; also known as Kū’īk) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Guik	Solduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Hatchie National Wildlife Refuge, part of the U.S. National Wildlife Refuge system, is a 9,451-acre (38.25 km2) area of wetlands associated with the confluence of the Hatchie River and the Forked Deer River in West Tennessee near the confluence of the Hatchie River with the Mississippi River.	Lower Hatchie National Wildlife Refuge	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andoversford is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire, England, about six miles east of Cheltenham.	Andoversford	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porgoli-ye Olya (Persian: پرگلي عليا‎, also Romanized as Porgolī-ye ``Olyā; also known as Palkūlī) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 101, in 21 families.	Porgoli-ye Olya	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uchimedu (Tamil: உச்சிமேடு) is a village in the Cuddalore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Uchimedu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monitor Range is located in south-central Nevada in the United States.	Monitor Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Textile District is a historic district encompassing a cluster of commercial buildings in the central business district of Boston, Massachusetts.	Textile District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bankat (Persian: بانكت‎, also Romanized as Bānḵat; also known as Shamshīrābād) is a village in Jaber-e Ansar Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Bankat	Jaber-e Ansar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neunkirchen Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in the district town of Neunkirchen in the German state of Saarland.	Neunkirchen Hauptbahnhof	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giahzar (Persian: گياه زار‎, also Romanized as Gīāhzār; also known as Gahzār) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Giahzar	Dadenjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akhangan (Persian: اخنگان‎, also Romanized as Akhangān; also known as Akhangūn and Akhangūl) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Akhangan	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beselich is nowadays mainly a residential community whose citizens earn their livelihood in surrounding towns such as Limburg, Weilburg and Wetzlar as well as in the Frankfurt Rhein-Main Region.	Beselich	Limburg, Weilburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn State Law is located on the Penn State's University Park campus in State College, Pa., and is one of two separately accredited law schools at Penn State.	Penn State Law	State College
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gates River is a short river in the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Gates River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canada Games Centre was built for the 2011 Canada Winter Games in Clayton Park, a suburb of Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Canada Games Centre	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celano is a town and comune in the Province of L'Aquila, central Italy, 120 km (75 mi) east of Rome by rail.	Celano	Province of L'Aquila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ninh Hòa is a district-level town (thị xã) of Khánh Hòa Province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Ninh Hòa	Khánh Hòa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Absabad (Persian: عبس اباد‎, also Romanized as ``Absābād; also known as Afsābād) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District, in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 649, in 171 families.	Absabad	Rashtkhvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaleń Mała (ˈkalɛɲ ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kaleń Mała	Gmina Chodów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2004 Lexmark Indy 300 was the thirteenth and penultimate round of the 2004 Bridgestone Presents the Champ Car World Series Powered by Ford season, held on October 24, 2004 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit, Queensland, Australia.	2004 Lexmark Indy 300	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alsop en le Dale is a village in Derbyshire, England about 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Ashbourne close to the Staffordshire border, and a mile from Dovedale, a popular tourist location.	Alsop en le Dale	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kar Kam (Persian: کارکم‎, also Romanized as Kār Kam) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kar Kam	Peyrajeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberthau House (previously known as Rear House) is a spacious heritage mansion in Tudor Revival style, located at the intersection of West 2nd Avenue and Trimble Street in Vancouver, British Columbia, which currently serves as a facility of the neighbourhood's community centre.	Aberthau House	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gangnam District (Hangul: 강남구; hanja: 江南區; RR: Gangnam-gu) is one of the 25 gu (local government districts) which make up the city of Seoul, South Korea.	Gangnam District	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dera Murad Jamali (Urdu: ڈیرہ مراد جمالی) is a city located in Nasirabad District in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Dera Murad Jamali	Nasirabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paulinowo (pau̯liˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Paulinowo	Gmina Nasielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjir-e Sefid (Persian: انجيرسفيد‎, also Romanized as Anjīr-e Sefīd; also known as Anjīr-e Sīāh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Anjir-e Sefid	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAMM is a broadcast radio station licensed to Woodstock, Virginia, serving Woodstock and Shenandoah County, Virginia, though is currently Silent.	WAMM	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirag (Persian: شيرگ‎, also Romanized as Shīrag, Shīrīk, Sherk, Shīrak, and Shīrg; also known as Tak-e Borj) is a village in Fasharud Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shirag	Fasharud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Pain (Persian: سراب پايين‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Pain	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The York Galleria Mall is an enclosed, indoor shopping mall located just northeast of York, Pennsylvania at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 and Route 24.	York Galleria	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hochhaus an der Weberwiese (literally ``high house on the weaver's meadow'') is a residential building in Berlin, located in the district of Friedrichshain.	Hochhaus an der Weberwiese	Friedrichshain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tklania (ˈtklaɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tklania	Gmina Dziemiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Księginice Małe (kɕɛnɡiˈnit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Księginice Małe	Gmina Sobótka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh Ju (Persian: بنه جو‎, also Romanized as Boneh Jū) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Boneh Ju	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konardan-e Sharqi (Persian: كناردان شرقي‎, also Romanized as Konārdān-e Sharqī; also known as Konārdān-e Shomalī) is a village in Mehregan Rural District, in the Central District of Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Konardan-e Sharqi	Mehregan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfurin-e Sofla (Persian: اسفورين سفلي‎, also Romanized as Esfūrīn-e Soflá; also knowv as Esfūrīn, Esfūrīn Chapī, Esfūrīn-e Chapī, and Esfūrīn-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Esfurin-e Sofla	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strathcona County is a specialized municipality in central Alberta, Canada between Edmonton and Elk Island National Park.	Strathcona County	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svyato-Troitsky Markov Monastery (Holy Trinity Markov Monastery) is one of two modern monasteries in Vitebsk (second one is female Svyato-Dukhov Monastery).	Troitsky Markov Monastery	Vitebsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harold Washington Cultural Center is a performance facility located in the Grand Boulevard community area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States.	Harold Washington Cultural Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whippany Railway Museum is a railway museum and excursion train ride located in the Whippany section of Hanover Township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Whippany Railway Museum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ołdaki-Polonia (ɔu̯ˈdaki pɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ołdaki-Polonia	Gmina Andrzejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple du Change or Loge du Change, formerly used for the stock exchange of Lyon, stands in Vieux Lyon (5th arrondissement of Lyon).	Temple du Change	5th arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kessingland is a large village in the Waveney District of the English county of Suffolk.	Kessingland	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Bethel Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church building near Greenville in rural Greene County, Tennessee, United States.	New Bethel Cumberland Presbyterian Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palkanlu-ye Sofla (Persian: پالكانلوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Pālkānlū-ye Soflá; also known as Pālkānlū-ye Pa’īn) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Palkanlu-ye Sofla	Shahrestaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hambrücken is a town in Northern Karlsruhe County in Baden-Württemberg, Germany, located on Bertha Benz Memorial Route.	Hambrücken	Karlsruhe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karlu Karlu / Devils Marbles Conservation Reserve is located 105 km (65 mi) south of Tennant Creek, Northern Territory, Australia and 393 km (244 mi) north of Alice Springs.	Karlu Karlu / Devils Marbles Conservation Reserve	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oblong Friends Meeting House is a late 18th-century Friends Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends in the hamlet of Quaker Hill, in the town of Pawling, Dutchess County, New York, USA listed in the National Register of Historic Places since 1973.	Oblong Friends Meeting House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paquetville (2011 population: 706) is a Canadian village in Gloucester County, New Brunswick.	Paquetville	Gloucester County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cimarron Solar Facility is a 37 megawatt (MWp) (30 MW AC) photovoltaic solar generating facility in Colfax County, New Mexico, that uses thin film solar panels manufactured by First Solar.	Cimarron Solar Facility	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williamstown Lake is a public 333-acre (1.35 km2) recreational lake and water reservoir in Grant County, Kentucky.	Williamstown Lake	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corinda Los Trancos Creek (Spanish for ``surrendering skips creek'') is a 1.6-mile-long (2.6 km) stream in San Mateo County, California which is a tributary of Pilarcitos Creek.	Corinda Los Trancos Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Mueang Chum (Thai: ศรีเมืองชุม) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Sai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Si Mueang Chum	Mae Sai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ragan Dasht (Persian: رگندشت‎; also known as Lagan Dasht) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ragan Dasht	Mazkureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moquah Barrens Research Natural Area is a 636-acre (257 ha) area of pine barrens in Bayfield County, Wisconsin.	Moquah Barrens Research Natural Area	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wapniarnia Pierwsza (vapˈɲarɲa ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wapniarnia Pierwsza	Gmina Trzcianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Creaton is a village and civil parish in the Daventry district of the shire county of Northamptonshire, England.	Creaton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridal Veil Falls Provincial Park is located on the Trans-Canada Highway just east of Rosedale, British Columbia, Canada, part of the City of Chilliwack.	Bridal Veil Falls Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martini Creek is a coastal stream whose watershed lies entirely within San Mateo County, California, United States on the western exposures of the Montara mountain block, discharging to the Pacific Ocean.	Martini Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalat-e Jangal (Persian: كلات جنگل‎, also Romanized as Kalāt-e Jangal; also known as Jangal and Kalāteh-ye Jangal) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalat-e Jangal	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cameron Village was the first planned community to be developed in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Cameron Village	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westwood Plateau is a neighbourhood in the northern region of Coquitlam, British Columbia, bounded by the city boundary with Port Moody to the west, David Avenue to the south, and Pipeline Road to the east.	Westwood Plateau	Coquitlam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brightwell-cum-Sotwell is a twin-village and civil parish in the Upper Thames Valley in South Oxfordshire.	Brightwell-cum-Sotwell	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teslin Airport (IATA: YZW, ICAO: CYZW) is located on the northwest side of Teslin, Yukon, Canada, and is operated by the Yukon government.	Teslin Airport	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ontonagon School is a former school building located at 301 Greenland Road in Ontonagon, Michigan.	Ontonagon School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amos Anderson Art Museum (Finnish: Amos Andersonin taidemuseo, Swedish: Amos Andersons konstmuseum) is a museum in Helsinki, Finland.	Amos Anderson Art Museum	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKXW (101.5 FM, ``New Jersey 101.5'') is a radio station based just outside Trenton, New Jersey.	WKXW	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodruff County Airport (FAA LID: M60) is a county-owned public-use airport in Woodruff County, Arkansas, United States.	Woodruff County Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tapaq (Persian: طپق‎, also Romanized as Tapāq; also known as Ţabaq) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tapaq	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cherokee National Forest headquarters are located in Cleveland, Tennessee.	Cherokee National Forest	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoshone lava field is a lava plain in the U.S. state of Idaho, located in Lincoln County north of the city of Shoshone.	Shoshone lava field	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Różańska (ˈvulka ruˈʐaɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Różańska	Gmina Stoczek Łukowski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clackamas Lake Ranger Station Historic District is a Forest Service compound consisting of eleven historic buildings located in the Mount Hood National Forest in the Cascade Mountains of northern Oregon.	Clackamas Lake Ranger Station Historic District	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snyder's Lake is an unofficial hamlet of North Greenbush in Rensselaer County, New York, United States.	Snyder's Lake	Rensselaer County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suiyang District (Chinese: 睢阳区; Pinyin: Suīyáng Qū) is one of the two districts of the city of Shangqiu, Henan, China.	Suiyang District	Shangqiu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hildenborough is a village and rural parish in the borough of Tonbridge and Malling in Kent, England.	Hildenborough	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjarnason Island is an island of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.	Bjarnason Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southbury Training School is a large residential facility in the towns of Southbury and Roxbury, Connecticut.	Southbury Training School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhalla (Urdu: ڈھـلہ‎) is a small town of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Dhalla	Rawalpindi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Kennedy is a peak in the Saint Elias Mountains within Kluane National Park, in Yukon, Canada.	Mount Kennedy	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achnagarron (Scottish Gaelic: Achadh nan Gearran) is a small village in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Achnagarron	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chigwell School is a co-educational day and boarding independent school in Chigwell, in the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Chigwell School	Epping Forest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahangar Kola-ye Olya (Persian: اهنگركلاعليا‎, also Romanized as Āhangar Kolā-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 925, in 233 families.	Ahangar Kola-ye Olya	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WZBZ is a radio station also known as ``99.3 The Buzz'' in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	WZBZ	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samułki Małe (saˈmuu̯kʲi ˈmawɛ) (Ukrainian: Самулки Малі, Samulky Mali) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Samułki Małe	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Ghar (Persian: ابغار‎, also Romanized as Āb Ghār; also known as Āb Qār) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Ghar	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berca is a commune located in the hillside of Buzău County, Romania, in the valley of the Buzău river.	Berca	Buzău County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herrontown Woods Arboretum (142 acres) is an arboretum located on Snowden Lane near the junction with Herrontown Road, in Princeton, New Jersey.	Herrontown Woods Arboretum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tulsequah River, formerly the Talsekwe River, is a tributary of the Taku River in northwestern British Columbia, located south of the Atlin District and inland from Juneau, Alaska.	Tulsequah River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bouzonville (German: Busendorf, Lorraine Franconian: Busendroff) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Bouzonville	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyme-Old Lyme High School is a coeducational public school located at 69 Lyme Street in Old Lyme, Connecticut.	Lyme-Old Lyme High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krenzler Field is a soccer stadium in Cleveland, Ohio on the campus of Cleveland State University.	Krenzler Field	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony Mill No. 3, also known as the ``Mastodon Mill,'' is a historic mill located at Cohoes in Albany County, New York.	Harmony Mill No. 3	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valle di Muggio is situated in Ticino in Switzerland and is the southernmost valley of the country.	Valle di Muggio	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Studzieńska (ˈvɔla stuˈd͡ʑeɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Studzieńska	Gmina Batorz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayons (Baion in Occitan) is a French commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.	Bayons	Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giovanni a Carbonara is a Gothic church in Naples, southern Italy.	San Giovanni a Carbonara	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottumwa Public Library is a public library located in downtown Ottumwa, Iowa, United States.	Ottumwa Public Library	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pforzheim Hauptbahnhof is the main station in the city of Pforzheim in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Pforzheim Hauptbahnhof	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre-du-Québec (French pronunciation: ​(sɑ̃tʁ dy kebɛk), Central Quebec) is a region of Quebec, Canada.	Centre-du-Québec	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Guelph is the heart of the city of Guelph, Ontario.	Downtown Guelph	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quinta Vergara Amphitheater is an open-air amphitheater within the Parque Quinta Vergara located in Viña del Mar, Chile.	Quinta Vergara Amphitheater	Viña del Mar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gudemnis (Armenian: Գուդեմնիս) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Gudemnis	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	SEB Arena is tennis and squash arena in Vilnius.	SEB Arena	Vilnius
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowostawy Górne (nɔvɔsˈtavɨ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowostawy Górne	Gmina Stryków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anah Hajji (Persian: آنه حاجي‎, also Romanized as Ānāh Ḩājjī; also known as Ānā Ḩājjī) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Anah Hajji	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kagalaska Island (Aleut: Qigalaxsix̂) is an island in the Andreanof Islands of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.	Kagalaska Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mebonden is a village that is the administrative centre of the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Mebonden	Selbu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varavi Rural District (Persian: دهستان وراوئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Varavi District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Varavi Rural District	Varavi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broughton Crossing is a small settlement located between the Buckinghamshire villages of Bierton and Broughton in England.	Broughton Crossing	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grumbla (Cornish: An Gromlegh, meaning the cromlech) is a hamlet in the parish of Sancreed, Cornwall, England.	Grumbla	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahanea Atoll is an atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.	Tahanea	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Malard (Persian: قشلاق ملارد‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Malārd) is a village in Malard Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Malard	Malard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niska Isle, despite its name, is not an island, but a peninsula in the town of Niskayuna, New York.	Niska Isle	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eagle Mountains are located in northeastern Riverside County, California, U.S.	Eagle Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiklino (viˈklinɔ) (German Beckel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wiklino	Gmina Słupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strękowizna (strɛŋkɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Strękowizna	Gmina Nowinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dean E. Smith Student Activities Center (usually called simply the Dean Smith Center and popularly referred to as the Dean Dome) is a multi-purpose arena in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.	Dean Smith Center	Chapel Hill
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyoming Apartments is an historic apartment building, located at 2022 Columbia Road, Northwest, Washington, D.C. in the Kalorama neighborhood.	Wyoming Apartments	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Erivan K. Haub School of Business is the business school of Saint Joseph's University, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Erivan K. Haub School of Business	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emma Wood State Beach is a California State Beach in Ventura County, California.	Emma Wood State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sesame Place is a children's theme park, located on the outskirts of Langhorne, Pennsylvania based on the Sesame Street television program.	Sesame Place	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSRY (103.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a modern rock format as a simulcast of KYSR (Alt 98.7) in Los Angeles, California.	KSRY	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaprężyn (zaˈprɛ̃ʐɨn) (German: Sapraschine) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zaprężyn	Gmina Długołęka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashown Kola (Persian: مشون كلا‎, also Romanized as Mashown Kolā) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mashown Kola	Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Fremont Glacier is east of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Lower Fremont Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Salmon Falls are the uppermost of a series of falls on the Snake River, about 40 miles West of Shoshone Falls, in between Gooding County and Twin Falls County, Idaho.	Upper Salmon Falls	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	A mountain in north-central Crete, Mount Juktas (Greek: Γιούχτας), also spelled Iuktas, Iouktas, or Ioukhtas, was an important religious site for the Minoan civilization.	Mount Juktas	Crete
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians in Grant and Mineral counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	New Creek Mountain	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemańsk (ˈlɛmaɲsk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lemańsk	Gmina Mykanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balsam Lake Mountain is one of the Catskill Mountains, located in the Town of Hardenburgh, New York, United States.	Balsam Lake Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bortala Mongol Autonomous Prefecture (Chinese: 博尔塔拉蒙古自治州; Uyghur: بۆرتالا موڭغۇل ئاپتونوم ئوبلاستى‎), abbreviated to Bortala (Chinese: 博州; pinyin: Bózhōu), is a Mongol autonomous prefecture in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the China.	Bortala Mongol Autonomous Prefecture	Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Providence Fruit and Produce Warehouse Company Building was a historic building located at 6-64 Harris Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island.	Providence Fruit and Produce Warehouse Company Building	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qorghan (Persian: قرغن‎, also Romanized as Qarghan; also known as Gharghan, Qūrghan, and Qūrqan) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qorghan	Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Titular Church of Santa Maria Madre del Redentore a Tor Bella Monaca is one of the titular churches of Rome to which Cardinal Priests of the Roman Catholic Church may be appointed.	Santa Maria Madre del Redentore a Tor Bella Monaca	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neet Covered Bridge is a Burr Arch single span structure that was built by Joseph J. Daniels in 1904 over Little Raccoon Creek southwest of Rockville, Indiana.	Neet Covered Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krosno-Młyn (ˈkrɔsnɔ ˈmwɨn) (German: Mühle Krossen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krosno-Młyn	Gmina Pasłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cut Foot Sioux Trail is a 22-mile (35 km) loop trail in the Chippewa National Forest of Minnesota, USA.	Cut Foot Sioux Trail	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardeha (Persian: اردها‎, also Romanized as Ardehā and Ardahā) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ardeha	Molla Yaqub Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUFW (90.5 FM, ``La Campesina 90.5 FM'') is an American non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Woodlake in Tulare County, California.	KUFW	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hells Canyon National Recreation Area is a United States National Recreation Area located on the borders of the U.S. states of Oregon and Idaho.	Hells Canyon National Recreation Area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyszmontów (vɨʂˈmɔntuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wyszmontów	Gmina Ożarów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torgormack is a crofting township in the Inverness-shire region in the Scottish council area of the Highland and is located close to Beauly	Torgormack	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Paul's Episcopal Church and Lodge are a pair of historic church buildings at 226 W. Main Street in Vernal, Utah.	St. Paul's Episcopal Church and Lodge	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozarze (kɔˈzaʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kozarze	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamandeh (Persian: همنده‎; also known as Hamand) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hamandeh	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Carbonat is a French castle located in Arpajon-sur-Cère, in Cantal (Auvergne).	Château de Carbonat	Arpajon-sur-Cère
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jumpingpound Mountain (elevation 2,225 m (7,300 ft)) is a mountain located 24 km (15 mi) west of Bragg Creek, Alberta in Kananaskis Country.	Jumpingpound Mountain	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakewood Airport (FAA LID: N12) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Lakewood, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Lakewood Airport	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reeperbahn (German pronunciation: (ˈʀeːpɐˌbaːn)) is a street in Hamburg's St. Pauli district, one of the two centres of Hamburg's nightlife and also the city's red-light district.	Reeperbahn	Hamburg	St. Pauli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larraín Alcalde, or Estación Larraín Alcalde (Spanish for Larraín Alcalde Station, pronounced: (estaˈsion laraˈin alˈkalde)), is a Chilean village located east of Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro Province.	Larraín Alcalde	Pichilemu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Pierres de Lecq (Jèrriais: Les Pièrres dé Lé) or the Paternosters are a group of uninhabitable rocks or a reef in the Bailiwick of Jersey between Jersey and Sark, 6 km north of Grève de Lecq in Saint Mary, and 22.4 km west of the Cotentin Peninsula in Normandy.	Pierres de Lecq	Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bedford Block is an historic commercial building at 99 Bedford Street Boston, Massachusetts in an area called Church Green.	Bedford Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnas Lagoon (Ukrainian: Бурнас, Romanian: Limanul Burnas) is a marine lagoon (or liman), located in southern Ukraine in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast.	Burnas Lagoon	Tatarbunary Raion	Odessa Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seurasaari (Swedish: Fölisön) is an island and a district in Helsinki, Finland, known mostly as the location of the Seurasaari Open-Air Museum, which consists of old, mainly wooden buildings transplanted from elsewhere in Finland and placed in the dense forest landscape of the island.	Seurasaari	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estand (Persian: استند‎; also known as Īstīn and Eskand) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Estand	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dye Branch is a small creek that runs from Duke University's East Campus, through the Trinity Heights, Walltown, and Old West Durham neighborhoods of Durham, North Carolina.	Dye Branch	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takovo (Serbian: Таково) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia.	Takovo	Gornji Milanovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasipalatsi (Swedish: Glaspalatset; meaning literally ``glass palace'') is a functionalist office building designed in the 1930s, located on Mannerheimintie in the Kamppi district of Helsinki, Finland.	Lasipalatsi	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richard's Castle is a village, castle and two civil parishes on the border of the counties of Herefordshire and Shropshire in England.	Richard's Castle	Herefordshire	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwaaiman Pass, (English: Angry Man), is situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, on the road between Cala, Eastern Cape and Tsomo.	Kwaaiman Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wintergreen Resort is a four-season mountain resort on the eastern slopes of the Blue Ridge Mountains, located in Nelson County, Virginia and the town of Nellysford.	Wintergreen Resort	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devils Lake State Recreation Area (also Devils Lake State Park) is a state park in the U.S. state of Oregon, administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.	Devils Lake State Recreation Area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diana's Baths is a series of small waterfalls located in the southeastern corner of the town of Bartlett, New Hampshire, near the village of North Conway in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States.	Diana's Baths	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koovappally is a small village under Kanjirappally Taluk in the Kottayam district of Kerala, India.	Koovappally	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dieffenthal (German: Dieffental) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Dieffenthal	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Penn State Golf Courses are two 18-hole courses located in State College, Pennsylvania, USA, operated by The Pennsylvania State University.	Penn State Golf Courses	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marjaneh (Persian: مرجانه‎, also Romanized as Marjāneh) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Marjaneh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gosaba (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 19 Jaynagar (Lok Sabha constituency) (SC).	Gosaba (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Jaynagar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamalabad-e Pain (Persian: كمال ابادپائين‎, also Romanized as Kamālābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Kamālābād-e Soflá) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kamalabad-e Pain	Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohebb-e Pain (Persian: محب پائين‎, also Romanized as Moḩebb-e Pā’īn; also known as Kalāteh-ye Moḩebb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohebb-e Pain	Qaen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinheiral (Portuguese pronunciation: (piɲejˈɾaw)) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.	Pinheiral	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mah Kariz (Persian: ماه كاريز‎, also Romanized as Māh Kārīz; also known as Meh Kārīz) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mah Kariz	Sang Bast Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Likszany (likˈʂanɨ) (German Lixainen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Likszany	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbo is a locality situated in Heby Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden with 721 inhabitants in 2010.	Harbo	Heby Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakargaravand (Persian: شكرگراوند‎‎, also Romanized as Shaḵargarāvand) is a village in Kunani Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shakargaravand	Kunani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žurge (pronounced (ˈʒuːɾɡɛ); German: Sürgern) is a small village in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Žurge	Osilnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moton Field Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 06A) is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (3.5 mi, 5.6 km) north of the central business district of Tuskegee, a city in Macon County, Alabama, United States.	Moton Field Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Yard is a rail yard in New Brunswick, New Jersey, USA along the Northeast Corridor (NEC).	County Yard	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Hamam (Persian: اب حمام‎, also Romanized as Āb Ḩamām) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Hamam	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wœrth or Woerth (German: Wörth an der Sauer) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Wœrth	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Backbone State Park is Iowa's oldest state park, dedicated in 1919.	Backbone State Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Barnet railway station is in the London Borough of Barnet in north London, England.	New Barnet railway station	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Roqani, Hashemabad (Persian: چاه روغنی‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Roqani, Hashemabad	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petham is a rural village and civil parish in the North Downs, five miles south of Canterbury in Kent, South East England.	Petham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangadagi (Kannada: ತಂಗಡಗಿ ) is a village in the Muddebihal taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka state, India.	Tangadagi	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huguenot Memorial Bridge is located in Henrico County and the independent city of Richmond, Virginia.	Huguenot Memorial Bridge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zard-e Narak (Persian: زردنرك‎, also Romanized as Zard Narak; also known as Barzak and Zard Tarak) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zard-e Narak	Javid-e Mahuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plant City Airport (ICAO: KPCM, FAA LID: PCM) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Plant City in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States.	Plant City Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyratabad-e Barkatak (Persian: خيرات ابادبركتك‎, also Romanized as Kheyratābād-e Barkatak; also known as Kheyratābād-e Bazkatak) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kheyratabad-e Barkatak	Deris Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halland County (Hallands län) is a county (län) on the western coast of Sweden.	Halland County	Sweden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tromøy is the largest island in Southern Norway, a former municipality in Aust-Agder county, and is currently an important part of the present-day municipality of Arendal.	Tromøy	Arendal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanchi County (simplified Chinese: 盐池县; traditional Chinese: 鹽池縣; pinyin: Yánchí Xiàn; Wade--Giles: Yan2-ch'ih2 Hsien4) is a county under the administration of Wuzhong city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Yanchi County	Wuzhong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gravellona Lomellina (Gravalùna in the local variety of Western Lombard) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 35 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km northwest of Pavia.	Gravellona Lomellina	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steenburg Tavern is a historic Revolutionary War-era tavern located at Rhinecliff, Dutchess County, New York.	Steenburg Tavern	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa-Kaski (dɔmˈbrɔva ˈkaski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dąbrowa-Kaski	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ansley Park is an affluent residential neighborhood in Atlanta, Georgia, located just east of Midtown and west of Piedmont Park.	Ansley Park	Atlanta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sacramento City Library, also known as Central Branch, is part of the Sacramento Public Library system, and faces I Street in Sacramento, California near Sacramento City Hall.	Sacramento City Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navajo Lake Airport (FAA LID: 1V0) is a public use airport owned by the New Mexico State Highway and Transportation Department and located in San Juan County, New Mexico, United States.	Navajo Lake Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central New Bedford Historic District is one of nine historic districts in New Bedford, Massachusetts, United States.	Central New Bedford Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Wineck is a ruined castle in the Wineckerthal quarter of the commune of Dambach in the Bas-Rhin département of France.	Château de Wineck	Dambach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lolugu is a village near Srikakulam town in Ponduru mandal division, Andhra Pradesh.	Lolugu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malshiras is a town and the headquarters of Malshiras taluka in Solapur district of Maharashtra state in western India.	Malshiras	Solapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patuxent High School (pronounced- Pa-tucks-ent) is a comprehensive, four-year public high school in Lusby, Calvert County, Maryland, USA.	Patuxent High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverkip (Scottish Gaelic: Inbhir Chip) is a village and parish falling within the Inverclyde council area and historic county of Renfrewshire in the west central Lowlands of Scotland.	Inverkip	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cushing American Legion Building is an American Legion hall located at 212 S. Noble in Cushing, Oklahoma.	Cushing American Legion Building	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edinburgh College of Art (ECA) is an art, design, creative and performing arts school in Edinburgh, the oldest and largest in Scotland, providing higher education in art and design, architecture, history of art and music disciplines for over two thousand University of Edinburgh students.	Edinburgh College of Art	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kermanshah County (Persian: شهرستان کرمانشاه‎) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran, part of what is unofficially referred to as Iranian Kurdistan.	Kermanshah County	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barm-e Jamal (Persian: برم جمال‎, also Romanized as Barm-e Jamāl) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Barm-e Jamal	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of the African Diaspora (MoAD) is a museum in San Francisco, California, documenting the African diaspora.	Museum of the African Diaspora	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alden Park Manor is an apartment complex located at School House Lane and Wissahickon Avenue in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Alden Park Manor	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lgota Murowana (ˈlɡɔta murɔˈvana) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lgota Murowana	Gmina Kroczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manihi Airport (IATA: XMH, ICAO: NTGI) is an airport serving Manihi, an atoll in the Tuamotu archipelago in French Polynesia.	Manihi Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre dels Escipions is a funerary tower built by the Romans on the outskirts of Tarraco, ancient Roman city that corresponds to the present city of Tarragona (Catalonia, Spain).	Torre dels Escipions	Tarragona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alawoona is a settlement in the Murray Mallee region of South Australia.	Alawoona	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Haven is a village at the south east corner of St Bride's Bay in Pembrokeshire, Wales, in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.	Little Haven	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilbraham & Monson Academy is a prep school located in Wilbraham, Massachusetts.	Wilbraham & Monson Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	AlWood High School, or AHS, is a public four-year high school located at 301 E. Fifth Avenue in Woodhull, Illinois, a village in Clover Township of Henry County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States.	AlWood High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Onslow is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Colchester County.	Lower Onslow	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bladon is a village and civil parish on the River Glyme about 6 1⁄2 miles (10.5 km) northwest of Oxford, Oxfordshire, England, notable as the burial place of Sir Winston Churchill.	Bladon	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taku Harbor (also spelled Taco, Tacou, or Takou) is a small, remote bay located on the eastern shore of Stephens Passage about 22 miles southeast of central Juneau, Alaska, United States.	Taku Harbor	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petawawa River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in Nipissing District and Renfrew County in eastern and northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Petawawa River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steamboat Rock State Park is a 3,522-acre (1,425 ha) Washington state park located near the north end of Banks Lake in the Grand Coulee.	Steamboat Rock State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Pesar Mard (Persian: شاه پسرمرد‎, also Romanized as Shāh Pesar Mard) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Bushkan District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Shah Pesar Mard	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Lawrence Branch Young House is a historic home located in Rolesville, North Carolina, a satellite town of the state capital Raleigh.	Dr. Lawrence Branch Young House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windy Hill Wind Farm is a wind power station near Ravenshoe on the Atherton Tablelands, Queensland, Australia.	Windy Hill Wind Farm	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowes Primary School is a primary school with a nursery and a reception located between Stanley Road and Highworth Road on the North Circular Road section of Bowes Road in New Southgate in the London Borough of Enfield in north London.	Bowes Primary School	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Chasam Sopher is an Orthodox synagogue located at 10 Clinton Street on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.	Congregation Chasam Sopher	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hugh D. and Martha South Seeds Farm, also known as Eden Hill Farm, is a historic home and farm located at Spruce Creek Township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Hugh D. and Martha South Seeds Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carter-Terry-Call House on E. 800 S. in Orem, Utah is believed to have been built in 1899.	Carter-Terry-Call House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartochów (barˈtɔxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bartochów	Gmina Warta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasmandi Kalan is a small village under the Lucknow district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Kasmandi Kalan	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The current governor (or başcan) of Gagauzia, Mihail Formuzal, elected to that post in December, 2006, was born in Beșghioz in 1959.	Beșghioz	Gagauzia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Phil Kearny was an outpost of the United States Army that existed in the late 1860s in present-day northeastern Wyoming along the Bozeman Trail.	Fort Phil Kearny	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFTN-FM (Mix 94.1 FM) is a radio station based in central New Hampshire which airs a CHR music format.	WFTN-FM	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arapaho National Recreation Area (ANRA) is a United States National Recreation Area that is located near the headwaters of the Colorado River in north central Colorado adjacent to Rocky Mountain National Park.	Arapaho National Recreation Area	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uptown Art Fair is the largest art fair of its kind held in Minnesota.	Uptown Art Fair	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cepno (ˈt͡sɛpnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Cepno	Gmina Stolno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conrad Sulzer Regional Library, formerly Hild Regional Library, is one of two regional libraries in the Chicago Public Library system in Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Conrad Sulzer Regional Library	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Paul's Tower (also called the City Lofts Tower or the Conran Tower) and St Paul's View, is an upscale residential development completed in April 2011 situated in the city centre of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.	St Paul's Tower	Sheffield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakuzhdeh (Persian: لاكوژده‎, also Romanized as Lākūzhdeh; also known as Kūzhdeh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District, Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lakuzhdeh	Kiashahr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Jesti (Persian: دره جستي‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Jestī; also known as Derjestī) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Jesti	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cincinnati Times-Star Building at 800 Broadway Street in Cincinnati, Ohio 45202, is a registered historic building.	Cincinnati Times-Star Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bunker Hill Covered Bridge is one of two covered bridges left in North Carolina, (the other being the Pisgah Covered Bridge in Randolph county), and is possibly the last wooden bridge in the United States with Haupt truss construction.	Bunker Hill Covered Bridge	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mainz-Gustavsburg station is the station of the town of Ginsheim-Gustavsburg in the German state of Hesse on the Main Railway from Mainz to Frankfurt am Main.	Mainz-Gustavsburg station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clover Hill Mill is a gristmill located in the U.S. city of Maryville, Tennessee.	Clover Hill Mill	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCFX is an FM radio station broadcasting at 6,000 watts in Clare, Michigan.	WCFX	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	1201 Pennsylvania Avenue is a highrise skyscraper office building in Washington, D.C. on Pennsylvania Avenue.	1201 Pennsylvania Avenue	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azincourt (French pronunciation: ​(azɛ̃kuʁ); historically, Agincourt /ˈæʒɪnkʊr/ in English) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.	Azincourt	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Roger is a Christian youth camp located in Belding, Michigan.	Camp Roger	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nechako Plateau is the northernmost subdivision of the Interior Plateau, one of the main geographic regions of the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Nechako Plateau	Interior Plateau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Puget Sound (Puget Sound) is a private liberal arts college located in the North End of Tacoma, Washington, in the United States.	University of Puget Sound	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton, Regent of Scotland, started building Drochil Castle in 1578, three years before his execution by King James VI.	Drochil Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clinton School of Public Service is a branch of the University of Arkansas system and is the newest of the presidential schools.	Clinton School of Public Service	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. C. V. Raman University is located in Kota, Bilaspur district in Chhattisgarh.	Dr. C. V. Raman University	Kota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopkins Correctional Centre (Ararat), an Australian low to medium security prison for males, is located in Ararat, Victoria, Australia, approximately 200 kilometres (120 mi) west of Melbourne.	Hopkins Correctional Centre (Ararat)	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ano Stavros (Greek: Άνω Σταυρός) is a village and a community of the Volvi municipality.	Ano Stavros	Volvi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Datteln-Hamm Canal (German: Datteln-Hamm-Kanal) is a canal in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Datteln-Hamm Canal	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Qanbar, Zahedan (Persian: چاه قنبر‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Qanbar, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chivery is a hamlet located in the Chiltern Hills in the present day parish of Aston Clinton, in Aylesbury Vale District in the county of Buckinghamshire, England.	Chivery	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelsey Creek is a creek in Bellevue, Washington on Seattle's Eastside.	Kelsey Creek	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brickell World Plaza, also known as 600 Brickell, and formerly known as the Brickell Financial Center, is an office skyscraper in Miami, Florida, United States in the Downtown neighborhood and financial district of Brickell at 600 Brickell Avenue.	Brickell World Plaza	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlops (Scottish Gaelic: Leum na Caillich) is a small village in the Pentland Hills, within the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, close to the boundary with Midlothian.	Carlops	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bromma is a borough (stadsdelsområde) in the western part of Stockholm, Sweden, forming part of the Stockholm Municipality.	Bromma	Stockholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wicko Morskie (ˈvit͡skɔ ˈmɔrskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wicko Morskie	Gmina Postomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ukrainian Village District is a landmark-designated district of residential buildings within the West Town community area of Chicago, Illinois.	Ukrainian Village District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wanshou Temple (simplified Chinese: 万寿寺; traditional Chinese: 萬壽寺; pinyin: Wànshòu Sì) is a temple located at the Suzhou Jie (Suzhou street) in Beijing.	Wanshou Temple	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berag (Persian: براگ‎, also Romanized as Berāg) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Berag	Piveshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koczery (kɔˈt͡ʂɛrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koczery	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vladeck Houses is a public housing development built and maintained by the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.	Vladeck Houses	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shepard Block is a historic rowhouse at 298--304 Essex Street in Salem, Massachusetts.	Shepard Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamlin Park Historic District is a national historic district and neighborhood located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Hamlin Park Historic District	Erie County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jhanjharpur is a town and headquarters of a sub-division in the Madhubani district of the state of Bihar, India.	Jhanjharpur	Madhubani district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre for International Light Art (CILA, German: Zentrum für Internationale Lichtkunst) is an art museum in Unna, Germany.	Centre for International Light Art	Unna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collège des Quatre-Nations (``College of the Four Nations''), also known as the Collège Mazarin after its founder, was one of the colleges of the historic University of Paris.	Collège des Quatre-Nations	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardeshiri-ye Vosta (Persian: اردشيري وسطي‎, also Romanized as Ardeshīrī-ye Vosţá; also known as Ardeshīrī-ye Mīānī) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ardeshiri-ye Vosta	Sornabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uranium City is a northern settlement in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Uranium City	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiktorowo-Kolonia (viktɔˈrɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wiktorowo-Kolonia	Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łazy Drugie (ˈwazɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łazy Drugie	Gmina Lesznowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vrhovi (Serbian: Врхови) is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrhovi	Derventa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chintada is a village located in Bobbili mandal of the Vizianagaram district (Earlier in Srikakulam district), Andhra Pradesh State in India.	Chintada	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baliu (Persian: بليو‎, also Romanized as Balīū) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Baliu	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland United Methodist Church (also known as Highland Station House) is a historic Victorian Gothic church building and library at 205 West Livingston Road in Highland, Michigan.	Highland United Methodist Church	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Town of Roma was a local government area in the western Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	Town of Roma	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koiszków (ˈkɔi̯ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Koiszków	Gmina Legnickie Pole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oshvand (Persian: عشوند‎, also Romanized as ``Oshvand and Eshvand; also known as Amīrābād, Āshīnad, and Oshyand) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 611, in 140 families.	Oshvand	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Don S. S. Goodloe House, a 1915--16 Colonial Revival style building veneered with brick, is significant for its association with Don Speed Smith Goodloe, the first principal of the Maryland Normal and Industrial School.	Don S. S. Goodloe House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilgus Site is a prehistoric Native American camp site in coastal Sussex County, Delaware, near Bethany Beach.	Wilgus Site	Sussex County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asiyab-e Alikhan (Persian: اسياب عليخان‎, also Romanized as Āsīyāb-e ʿAlīkhān) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Asiyab-e Alikhan	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobelniki (kɔbɛlˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kobelniki	Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Karkku railway station is located in the village of Palviala in the town of Sastamala, Finland.	Karkku railway station	Sastamala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owli (Persian: اولي‎, also Romanized as Owlī; also known as Ūlīq) is a village in Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Owli	Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastchester High School is located in Westchester County, New York in the town of Eastchester.	Eastchester High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamojsce (zaˈmɔi̯st͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Замістя, Zamistia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Zamojsce	Gmina Radymno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unimie (uˈɲimʲɛ) (German: Unheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Unimie	Gmina Łobez
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ytterån (from Old Norse Ýtriá 'outer river') is a locality situated in Krokom Municipality, Jämtland County, Sweden with 204 inhabitants in 2010.	Ytterån	Krokom Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Pines and the Seven Pines National Cemetery are located in the unincorporated town of Sandston in Henrico County, Virginia.	Seven Pines	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Upton was an installation of the United States Army located in Yaphank on Long Island in Suffolk County, New York.	Camp Upton	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finsta is according to local tradition the birthplace of Saint Bridget of Sweden, as her father was Lawspeaker of Uppland and local landowner; other birthplaces have also been suggested.	Finsta	Uppland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magness Arena is a multi-purpose collegiate sports arena in Denver, Colorado.	Magness Arena	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valuja (Persian: ولوجا‎, also Romanized as Valūjā) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District, Gahrbaran District, Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valuja	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palmerston Highway (State Route 25), serves as a link between the southern part of the Atherton Tablelands and the Far North Queensland coastal strip, in Australia.	Palmerston Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bedford Bypass (Trunk 33 for 511 service) is a highway in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.	Bedford Bypass	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brampton Fall Fair is an annual agricultural and entertainment event in Brampton, Ontario, since 1853.	Brampton Fall Fair	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaraqush (Persian: قرا قوش‎, also Romanized as Qarāqūsh; also known as Gharaghoosh, Qarāgāch, and Qareh Qāch) is a village in Hureh Rural District, Saman District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Qaraqush	Hureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alachiq (Persian: الاچيق‎, also Romanized as Ālāchīq; also known as Ālājīq) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alachiq	Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuganak-e Sofla (Persian: كوگانك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūgānak-e Soflá) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kuganak-e Sofla	Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pogoanele (Romanian pronunciation: (poˈɡo̯anele)) is a town in the southeastern part of Buzău County, Romania.	Pogoanele	Buzău County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corbera de Llobregat is a municipality situated in the comarca of Baix Llobregat in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Corbera de Llobregat	Baix Llobregat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buffalo Township Public Library, now the Polo Public Library, is a library listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the Ogle County, Illinois city of Polo.	Buffalo Township Public Library	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northampton Airport (FAA LID: 7B2) is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) northeast of central business district (CBD) of Northampton, a city in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, USA.	Northampton Airport	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norris Dam State Park is a state park in Anderson County and Campbell County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Norris Dam State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vernon Building is an Italianate style four-story mixed-used building in Greensboro, North Carolina.	Vernon Building	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poganice (pɔɡaˈnit͡sɛ) (German Poganitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Poganice	Gmina Potęgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrong Lake Airport, (TC LID: CJG4), is located next to Wrong Lake, Manitoba, Canada.	Wrong Lake Airport	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of New Orleans is a port located in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Port of New Orleans	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabo da Praia is a civil parish on the east coast of the municipality of Praia da Vitória on the Portuguese island of Terceira in the Azores.	Cabo da Praia	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hryshkivtsi(Ukrainian: Гришківці) is an urban-type settlement in Berdychiv Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Hryshkivtsi	Berdychiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Madan (Persian: تازه كندمعدن‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Ma``dan) is a village in Gorgin Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 107, in 19 families.	Tazeh Kand-e Madan	Gorgin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salbertrand is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about 60 km west of Turin.	Salbertrand	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scior Carera (Milanese for ``Mister Carera'') and Omm de preja (Milanese for ``stone man'') are traditional, popular names used to refer to an ancient Roman sculpture located in Milan (Italy), at nr. 13 of Corso Vittorio Emanuele (next to the Duomo).	Scior Carera	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kingston Centre (originally Kingston Shopping Centre) was an indoor mall built in Kingston, Ontario in 1955 and demolished in 2004.	Kingston Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frank Cignetti Field at George P. Miller Stadium is a stadium located on the campus of Indiana University of Pennsylvania in Indiana, Pennsylvania.	Miller Stadium	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Lucia Channel is a strait in the Caribbean, at 14.15°N 60.95°W. It separates Martinique and Saint Lucia.	Saint Lucia Channel	Martinique
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yiu Tung Public Library (耀東公立圖書館) is a public library, located in Yiu Tung Estate, Shau Kei Wan, Hong Kong.	Yiu Tung Public Library	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Our Lady and St Rose of Lima, Weoley Castle is a Roman Catholic parish in the Archdiocese of Birmingham.	Church of Our Lady and St Rose of Lima, Weoley Castle	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	MacNaughton Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County, New York, named after James MacNaughton (1851--1905), the grandson of Archibald McIntyre.	MacNaughton Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cistercian Preparatory School is a Roman Catholic school for young men located in Irving, Texas, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dallas.	Cistercian Preparatory School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acantilados de Los Gigantes (``Cliffs of the Giants'') are vertical cliffs along the western coast of Tenerife.	Acantilados de Los Gigantes	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somar Jan (Persian: سمارجان‎, also Romanized as Somār Jān; also known as Somād Jān) is a village in Simakan Rural District, in the Central District of Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Somar Jan	Simakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmabak (Persian: گرمابك‎, also Romanized as Garmābak) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Garmabak	Birun Bashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wallkill Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in New York state in the USA.	Wallkill Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Far d'Empordà (Spanish: Alfar) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	El Far d'Empordà	Alt Empordà
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poprzeczka (pɔˈpʂɛt͡ʂka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Poprzeczka	Gmina Nielisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parhuz-e Emamzadeh Jafar (Persian: پارحوض امامزاده جعفر‎, also Romanized as Pārḥūz̤-e Emāmzādeh Jaʿfar) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Parhuz-e Emamzadeh Jafar	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carstairs/Bishell's Airport, (TC LID: CGB2), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northeast of Carstairs, Alberta, Canada.	Carstairs/Bishell's Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrisburg Area Community College (HACC) is a community college system in the United States serving the greater Harrisburg, Pennsylvania metropolitan area and south-central Pennsylvania.	Harrisburg Area Community College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Třeštice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtr̝̊ɛʃcɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Třeštice	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bressay is a populated island in the Shetland Islands of Scotland.	Bressay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shoreline Amphitheatre is an outdoor amphitheater located in Mountain View, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Shoreline Amphitheatre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Lewaro, formerly known as the Anne E. Poth Home, is a 20,000 square feet (1,900 m2) mansion located at Fargo Lane and North Broadway (US 9) in Irvington, New York.	Villa Lewaro	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achaphubuil (Scottish Gaelic: Achadh a' Phùbaill- the field of the tent or pavilion) is a small settlement in the north of Ardgour, in Lochaber, in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Achaphubuil	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basinghall Street (sometimes written as ``Bassinghall'') is a street in the City of London, England.	Basinghall Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorbie Tower is a fortified tower house 1 mile east of the village of Sorbie, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Sorbie Tower	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smaltz Building, also known as the Smaltz-Goodwin Building, is a historic factory building located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Smaltz Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arthur W. and Chloe B. Cole House, also known as The Octagon House and Cole's Castle, is an historic octagonal house located at 5803 Rocky Branch Road in Houston, Missouri.	Arthur W. and Chloe B. Cole House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bączałka (bɔnˈt͡ʂau̯ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bączałka	Gmina Brzostek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henzeni (Persian: هنزني‎, also Romanized as Henzenī; also known as Henzenī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Henzeni	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilaw (හලාවත/Halāvata in Sinhala and சிலாபம் /Cilāpam in Tamil) is a large town in Puttalam District, North Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Chilaw	Puttalam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prudential Center is a multi-purpose indoor arena in the central business district of Newark, New Jersey, United States.	Prudential Center	Newark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldham Street is in Manchester city centre and forms part of the city's historic Northern Quarter district.	Oldham Street	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igreja de Nossa Senhora da Nazaré (Our Lady of Nazareth Church) is a colonial church in Luanda, Angola, built in 1664.	Nossa Senhora da Nazaré	Luanda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buyck's Bluff Archeological Site is a historic archaeological site located near St. Matthews, Calhoun County, South Carolina.	Buyck's Bluff Archeological Site	Calhoun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gedu-ye Pain (Persian: گدوپايين‎, also Romanized as Gedū-ye Pā’īn and Gedū Pā’īn; also known as Gedū) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gedu-ye Pain	Byaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trojanówek (trɔjaˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Trojanówek	Gmina Klukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaland-e Sofla (Persian: قالندسفلي‎, also Romanized as Qāland-e Soflá and Qālend-e Soflá; also known as Qālend-e Pā’īn and Qālend-e Sheykhhā) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qaland-e Sofla	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Third Meetinghouse is an historic meeting house and Grange Hall at 1 Fairhaven Road in Mattapoisett, Massachusetts.	Third Meetinghouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubne (ˈdubnɛ) (Ukrainian: Дубне, Dubne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Dubne	Gmina Muszyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntersville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on CR 21 at WV 39 in Huntersville, Pocahontas County, West Virginia.	Huntersville Presbyterian Church	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owptan (Persian: اوپتن‎, also Romanized as Owptan) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Owptan	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhtabad-e Pain (Persian: بخت ابادپائين‎, also Romanized as Bakhtābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bakhtabad-e Pain	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gahagan Mounds Site (16RR1) is an Early Caddoan Mississippian culture archaeological site in Red River Parish, Louisiana.	Gahagan Mounds Site	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiddee Koaster is a steel junior roller coaster located at Six Flags Fiesta Texas in San Antonio, Texas.	Kiddee Koaster	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziekanów (d͡ʑeˈkanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Dziekanów	Gmina Hrubieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaqueira is a city located in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil with an estimated (Ibge 2009) population of 12,642.	Jaqueira	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaigetsudō school (懐月堂派, -ha) was a school of ukiyo-e painting and printmaking founded in Edo around 1700--1714.	Kaigetsudō school	Edo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peel Memorial Hospital (PMH) was a 367-bed acute care hospital located in central Brampton, Ontario.	Peel Memorial Hospital	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pagolle (Basque: Phagola) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Pagolle	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeju National University is a South Korean national university, which is situated in Jeju City, the provincial capital of Jeju Province.	Jeju National University	Jeju City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverina Plains Important Bird Area comprises some 10,668 km2 of agricultural grassland in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.	Riverina Plains Important Bird Area	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Güzelyurt, formerly Gelveri, is a town and district of Aksaray Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, at a distance of 45 km (28 mi) from the city of Aksaray.	Güzelyurt	Aksaray Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadaneh (Persian: دادانه‎, also Romanized as Dādāneh) is a village in Abidar Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dadaneh	Abidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skołatowo (skɔwaˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Skołatowo	Gmina Dzierzążnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salbitschijen is a mountain in the Urner Alps, overlooking Göschenen in the canton of Uri.	Salbitschijen	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fianga is a town in Chad and capital of the Mont Illi district.	Fianga	Mont Illi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glemmtal (``Glemm Valley'') in the Austrian state of Salzburg is the valley of the roughly 30 km long upper reaches of the River Saalach.	Glemmtal	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szarkówka (ʂarˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Szarkówka	Gmina Charsznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Dutchman State Park is a 320-acre (129 ha) state park located near the Superstition Mountains in central Arizona, USA, and named after the Lost Dutchman's Gold Mine, a famous gold mine legendary among the tales of the Old West.	Lost Dutchman State Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Vazga (Persian: دره وزگا‎, also Romanized as Darreh Vazgā; also kown as Darreh Vazgāh and Darreh-ye Vazqāh) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Darreh Vazga	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaboli Mahalleh-ye Mahastan (Persian: زابلي محله ماهستان‎, also Romanized as Zābolī Maḩalleh-ye Māhastān) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Zaboli Mahalleh-ye Mahastan	Katul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quri Darreh (Persian: قوري دره‎, also Romanized as Qūrī Darreh) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Quri Darreh	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bujnów (ˈbui̯nuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bujnów	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Orange Campus High School is a comprehensive community public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in the city of East Orange, in Essex County, New Jersey, United States, on the former campus of Upsala College.	East Orange Campus High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volandia (full name: Volandia -- Parco e museo del volo, Italian for Park and Museum of Flight) is an Italian aviation museum, located near the Malpensa Airport in the comune of Somma Lombardo, in the Province of Varese.	Volandia	Somma Lombardo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikus (Persian: بيكوس‎, also Romanized as Bīkūs and Bikows; also known as Bekos) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bikus	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirumanikuzhi or Thirumaanikuzhi (Tamil: திருமாணிகுழி) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district, state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Thirumanikuzhi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suryapur is a village in the Jutpani Village development committee of the Chitwan District in Nepal.	Suryapur	Chitwan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tork Pikeh (Persian: ترك پيكه‎, also Romanized as Torḵ Pīḵeh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tork Pikeh	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudik-e Sahebdad (Persian: روديك صاحبداد‎, also Romanized as Rūdīk-e Şāḩebdād; also known as Rūdīg-e Şāḩebdād and Rūdīk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Rudik-e Sahebdad	Negur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safari Off Road Adventure is a safari attraction currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson Township, New Jersey.	Safari Off Road Adventure	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ankalgi is a village in Gokak taluk, Belgaum district of Karnataka state in southern India.	Ankalgi	Belgaum district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przydworzyce (pʂɨdvɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przydworzyce	Gmina Magnuszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Jay Creek is a river on Manitoulin Island in Central Manitoulin and Tehkummah townships, Manitoulin District in northeastern Ontario, Canada and a tributary of Lake Huron.	Blue Jay Creek	Manitoulin Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lakeview Tithing Office, also known as the Bunnell Creamery, is a historic building located in Provo, Utah.	Lakeview Tithing Office	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrogocin (vrɔˈɡɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wrogocin	Gmina Drobin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baffin Bay (Inuktitut: Saknirutiak Imanga; French: Baie de Baffin), located between Baffin Island and the southwest coast of Greenland, is a marginal sea of the North Atlantic Ocean.	Baffin Bay	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilhowee Gliderport (FAA LID: 92A) is a privately owned public-use glider airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) northeast of the central business district of Benton, in Polk County, Tennessee, United States.	Chilhowee Gliderport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tizimín Municipality is one of the 106 municipalities of Yucatán with a municipal seat of the same name.	Tizimín Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dromineer (Irish: Drom Inbhir, meaning ``ridge of the river mouth'') is a small village and townland in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Dromineer	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahrestan (Persian: طهرستان‎, also Romanized as Tahrestān and Ţahrestān) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tahrestan	Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moszyn (ˈmɔʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Moszyn	Gmina Pułtusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 122 (FM 122) is a short farm-to-market road in Ralls, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 122	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brecon (Welsh: Aberhonddu), archaically known as Brecknock, is a market town and community in Powys, Mid Wales, with a population in 2001 of 7,901, increasing to 8,250 at the 2011 Census.	Brecon	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamość Nowy (ˈzamɔɕt͡ɕ ˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zamość Nowy	Gmina Przyłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miramar Reservoir is a reservoir located in the Scripps Miramar Ranch community of San Diego, California.	Miramar Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heughscar Hill is a hill in the east of the English Lake District, east of Ullswater and north of High Street, Cumbria.	Heughscar Hill	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piramanoor (Piramanur / Brahmanur) is a village in Tiruppuvanam block, Sivaganga district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Piramanoor	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewin's Cove is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Lewin's Cove	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fish Slough Area of Critical Environmental Concern is a protected slough in Inyo County, California	Fish Slough Area of Critical Environmental Concern	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	RAAF Base Uranquinty was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) base located at Uranquinty, New South Wales.	RAAF Base Uranquinty	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mularzów (muˈlaʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mularzów	Gmina Radoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Airthrey Castle is a historic building and estate which now forms part of the buildings and grounds of the University of Stirling in central Scotland.	Airthrey Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebbets Field was a Major League Baseball stadium in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York City.	Ebbets Field	Brooklyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Works Progress Administration works at Arrow Rock State Historic Site, near Arrow Rock, Missouri, are works built by Works Progress Administration workers during 1934 to 1937.	Works Progress Administration works at Arrow Rock State Historic Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peychun (Persian: پيچون‎, also Romanized as Peychūn; also known as Pā’ī Chūn and Pa yi Chun) is a village in Negel Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Peychun	Negel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillsboro Trail is a rail trail in Shelby County, Alabama.	Hillsboro Trail	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cross Houses is a village in Shropshire, England, the largest village in the Parish of Berrington.	Cross Houses	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakuły (paˈkuwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Pakuły	Gmina Radoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Reshteh (Persian: چشمه رشته‎‎) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Reshteh	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mußbach is a stream, nearly 12 miles long, in the eastern Palatinate Forest and in the Anterior Palatinate region in the south of German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Mußbach	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Audubon County Airport (ICAO: KADU, FAA LID: ADU), formerly Audubon Municipal Airport, is a public airport located one mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Audubon, a city in Audubon County, Iowa, United States.	Audubon County Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Brda Pilska (ˈstara ˈbrda ˈpilska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Koczała, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stara Brda Pilska	Gmina Koczała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurdwara Dukh Nivaran Sahib is situated in what used to be the village of Lehal, now part of Patiala city.	Gurdwara Dukh Nivaran Sahib	Patiala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nellie Falls is a waterfall on the Middle Fork of the Snoqualmie River in Washington, in the United States.	Nellie Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papord is a small village in the Beohari block, Shahdol district in Madhya Pradesh.	Papord	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmer Municipal Airport (IATA: PAQ, ICAO: PAAQ, FAA LID: PAQ) is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) southeast of the central business district of Palmer, a city in Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska, United States.	Palmer Municipal Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharples Separator Works, also known as the Gumas Warehouse and Kauffman Warehouse, is a historic factory complex located in West Chester, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Sharples Separator Works	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnsbury is an area of north London in the London Borough of Islington, in the N1 postal district.	Barnsbury	London Borough of Islington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swabia Creek is a tributary of Little Lehigh Creek in Berks and Lehigh Counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Swabia Creek	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrynka (dɔˈbrɨŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dobrynka	Gmina Piszczac
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Bergholt is a village in the Babergh District of Suffolk, England, just north of the Essex border.	East Bergholt	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phantom Lake is a small lake inside the city limits of Bellevue, Washington.	Phantom Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drumtochty Castle is a neo-gothic style castellated mansion erected in the year 1812 approximately three kilometres northwest of Auchenblae, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Drumtochty Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Mansfield Union High School (MMU) is a high school located near the center of Jericho, Vermont.	Mount Mansfield Union High School	Jericho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conon Bridge (Scottish Gaelic: Drochaid Sguideil, pronounced (d̪̊ɾɔxɪd̊ʲ s̪ɡ̊ud̊ʲal)) is a small village in the Highland region of Scotland.	Conon Bridge	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sosenki-Jajki (sɔˈsɛŋki ˈjai̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sosenki-Jajki	Gmina Mordy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crymych is a community, and a village of around 400 inhabitants in the northeast of Pembrokeshire, Wales, situated approximately 800 feet (240 m) above sea level at the eastern end of the Preseli Mountains.	Crymych	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Fernando Road is a major street in the City of Los Angeles and Los Angeles County.	San Fernando Road	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lowell Memorial Auditorium is an indoor facility located in downtown Lowell, Massachusetts.	Lowell Memorial Auditorium	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portal Bridge is a railroad bridge over the Hackensack River in northeastern New Jersey, USA, just west of Secaucus Junction.	Portal Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estarj (Persian: استارج‎, also Romanized as Estārj; also known as Estāj) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Estarj	Nasrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaver Street Historic District is a residential historic district in the Main South part of Worcester, Massachusetts.	Beaver Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Austberg, also called the Augsberg or Augstberg, is a low hill, 292 m above sea level (NN), in the northern Harz Foreland near the village of Benzingerode in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Austberg	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Fe Institute (SFI) is an independent, nonprofit theoretical research institute located in Santa Fe (New Mexico, United States) and dedicated to the multidisciplinary study of the fundamental principles of complex adaptive systems, including physical, computational, biological, and social systems.	Santa Fe Institute	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeziny Nowe (bʐɛˈʑinɨ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Brzeziny Nowe	Gmina Poczesna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alessandria della Rocca (Sicilian: Lisciànnira di la Rocca) is a comune and small agricultural town located in west central Sicily in the northern part of the Province of Agrigento, in Italy.	Alessandria della Rocca	Province of Agrigento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsland Homestead, located in Murray Hill, Queens is a New York City landmark and member of the Historic House Trust.	Kingsland Homestead	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pretiša (Serbian: Претиша) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pretiša	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osborne Junction, more commonly known as Confusion Corner, is a street intersection in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Confusion Corner	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Półkoty (puu̯ˈkɔtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Półkoty	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holland Performing Arts Center is a performing arts facility located on 13th and Douglas Streets in downtown Downtown Omaha, Nebraska, Nebraska in the United States; it opened in October 2005.	Holland Performing Arts Center	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heinrich A. Rattermann House was a historic residence in the West End neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Heinrich A. Rattermann House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Compton Dundon is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated beside King's Sedge Moor and the Polden Hills, 5 miles (8 km) south of Glastonbury and 4 miles (6 km) north of Somerton in the South Somerset district.	Compton Dundon	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Citicasters Tower Holiday is a 417.4 metre high guy-wired aerial mast for the transmission of FM radio and television programs in Holiday, Florida, USA (Geographical coordinates: 28°10′57``N 82°46′5''W).	Citicasters Tower Holiday	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montorio Veronese is a frazione of Verona in Northern Italy.	Montorio Veronese	Verona
located in the administrative territorial entity	L. Frazier Banks Middle School (formerly Banks High School) was a former high school and middle school in the Birmingham Public School System in Birmingham, Alabama, USA.	L. Frazier Banks Middle School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartel (Persian: سرتل‎; also known as Sūtel) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sartel	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome (commonly called the Metrodome) was a domed sports stadium located in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome	Minneapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Park Service Southwest Regional Office, also known as National Park Service Region III Headquarters Building, is an office building in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	National Park Service Southwest Regional Office	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamani-ye Vasat (Persian: چماني وسط‎, also Romanized as Chamanī-ye Vasaţ and Chamānī-ye Vasaţ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chamani-ye Vasat	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marina Club or Marina Club of Tampa is a gated residential condominium neighborhood located along the Hillsborough River within the city limits of Tampa, Florida.	Marina Club	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christchurch Harbour is a natural harbour in the county of Dorset, on the south coast of England named after the nearby town of Christchurch.	Christchurch Harbour	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highlands Museum and Discovery Center is a heritage center and science center located in Ashland, Kentucky, United States.	Highlands Museum and Discovery Center	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahr-e Gholghola also (City of Screams) is 13th century city in Bamyan, Afghanistan which was conquered by Gengis Khan after months of surrounding.	Shahr-e Gholghola	Bamyan
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Rochester Junior-Senior High School (ERHS) is a public high school serving 596 students in the seventh through twelfth grade in East Rochester in the U.S. state of New York and is part of the East Rochester Union Free School District.	East Rochester Junior-Senior High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Cruz Sky Park was an airport located in Scotts Valley, California, within Santa Cruz County.	Santa Cruz Sky Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wild Mary Sudik gusher was an oil well blowout that took place on March 26, 1930 in what is now Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA.	Wild Mary Sudik	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turo (ˈturɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Turo	Gmina Supraśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lampedusa e Linosa (Sicilian: Lampidusa e Linusa) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region of Sicily.	Lampedusa e Linosa	Province of Agrigento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Rosa Route 66 Airport (ICAO: KSXU, FAA LID: SXU, formerly I58) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Santa Rosa, a town in Guadalupe County, New Mexico, United States.	Santa Rosa Route 66 Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Théâtre du Vaudeville (today the Gaumont Opéra cinema) was a theatre in Paris.	Théâtre du Vaudeville	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2002, in partnership with a dedicated Board and a forward-thinking developer, Dixon Place purchased an industrial space on Chrystie Street in Lower Manhattan.	Dixon Place	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steenkerque is part of the municipality of Braine-le-Comte, province of Hainaut, Wallonia.	Steenkerque	Braine-le-Comte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Zafari (Persian: برافتاب ظفري‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Z̧afarī) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Zafari	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klusiny (kluˈɕinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Klusiny	Gmina Wieluń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Soltan, Zahedan (Persian: چاه سلطان‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Soltan, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świetlikowa Wola (ɕfjɛtliˈkɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Świetlikowa Wola	Gmina Policzna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Narva Triumphal Arch (lit. Gate, Russian: На́рвские триумфа́льные воро́та) was erected in the vast Narva Square (known as Stachek Square since 1923), Saint Petersburg, in 1814 to commemorate the Russian victory over Napoleon.	Narva Triumphal Arch	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaudyny (ɡauˈdɨnɨ) (German: Gauden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gaudyny	Gmina Pieniężno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michałkowa (mixau̯ˈkɔva) (German: Michelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walim, within Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Michałkowa	Gmina Walim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burris Laboratory School is a kindergarten through twelfth grade public laboratory school located on the west side of Muncie, Indiana.	Burris Laboratory School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odstock is a village and civil parish about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south of Salisbury in Wiltshire, England.	Odstock	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Christian Allemong House, also known as the Amos Janney House, is located near Summit Point, West Virginia.	Christian Allemong House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Didenheim (French pronunciation: ​(didənaim); Alsatian: Didena) is a former commune in the Haut-Rhin department in north-eastern France.	Didenheim	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mytarz (ˈmɨtaʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Mytarz	Gmina Nowy Żmigród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hai Bà Trưng District (Trưng Sisters District) is the most populous (est. 378,000) urban district (quận) of Hanoi, the capital city of Vietnam.	Hai Bà Trưng District	Hanoi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schiecentrale is a national monument in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Schiecentrale	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toruń Włościański (ˈtɔruɲ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Toruń Włościański	Gmina Nasielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belfast International Airport (IATA: BFS, ICAO: EGAA) is a major airport located 11.5 NM (21.3 km; 13.2 mi) northwest of Belfast in Northern Ireland.	Belfast International Airport	Northern Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakland City Hall is the seat of government for the city of Oakland, California.	Oakland City Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hacienda San Ildefonso Teya (aka Hacienda Teya) is located in the Kanasín Municipality in the state of Yucatán in southeastern Mexico.	Hacienda San Ildefonso Teya	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cichoradz (t͡ɕiˈxɔrat͡s) (German: Tannhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Cichoradz	Gmina Zławieś Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbarabad-e Bala (Persian: اكبرابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Bala	Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wendy's massacre was a mass murder that took place in a Wendy's fast-food restaurant at 40-12 Main Street in Flushing, Queens, New York City, New York, on May 24, 2000.	Wendy's massacre	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boquio is a small upland area south of Bolitho in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Boquio	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marianowo Brodowskie (marjaˈnɔvɔ brɔˈdɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Marianowo Brodowskie	Gmina Środa Wielkopolska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thicketty Mountain is a mountain summit in northwestern Cherokee County in the state of South Carolina (SC).	Thicketty Mountain	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively, it belongs to the Daraa District of the Daraa Governorate and is the center of the Da'el nahiyah (``subdistrict'') which also includes one other town, Abtaa, to the immediate north.	Da'el	Daraa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steepletop, also known as the Edna St. Vincent Millay House, was the farmhouse home of Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Edna St. Vincent Millay and her husband Eugene Jan Boissevain, in Austerlitz, New York, United States.	Steepletop	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Gav (Persian: دره گاو‎, also Romanized as Darreh Gāv) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Darreh Gav	Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landkey (Cornish: Lannke) is a small village in the county of Devon in the south-west of England with a population of 2274, falling to 1,734 at the 2011 census.	Landkey	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abraham Hall, constructed in 1889, is located on the northeast side of Old Muirkirk Road in the center of the historic African American community of Rossville, a section of Beltsville in Prince George's County, Maryland.	Abraham Hall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arch and Ridge Streets Historic District is a historic district located in Marquette, Michigan, running along Arch and Ridge Streets from Front Street to Lake Superior.	Arch and Ridge Streets Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villers Abbey (abbaye de Villers) is an ancient Cistercian abbey located in the town of Villers-la-Ville in the Walloon Brabant province of Wallonia (Belgium), one piece of the Wallonia's Major Heritage.	Villers Abbey	Villers-la-Ville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Embarcadero Center is an office skyscraper located in San Francisco's Financial District.	Three Embarcadero Center	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motla Dasht (Persian: متلادشت‎, also Romanized as Motlā Dasht) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Motla Dasht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valpoi or Valpoy (Vallpoi, pronounced (waːɭpɔj)) is a city and a municipal council in North Goa district in the Indian state of Goa.	Valpoi	North Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shrewsbury (i/ˈʃroʊzbri/ or i/ˈʃruːzbri/) is the county town of Shropshire, England.	Shrewsbury	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mellij Galleh (Persian: مليج گاله‎, also Romanized as Mellīj Galleh; also known as Malīk Kāleh and Mellī Galleh) is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mellij Galleh	Mehravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Union Church Rectory is a historic church rectory at 2267 Western Turnpike in Guilderland, Albany County, New York.	Hamilton Union Church Rectory	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sararu (Persian: سرارو‎, also Romanized as Sarārū; also known as Sarānū) is a village in Sirik Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sararu	Sirik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asquith Boys High School, (abbreviated as ABHS) is a public boys' high school located in Asquith, New South Wales, Australia, on Jersey Street.	Asquith Boys High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubryk (ˈdubrɨk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dubryk	Gmina Stara Kiszewa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limbarska Gora (pronounced (ˈliːmbaɾska ˈɡɔːɾa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Limbarska Gora	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frednowy (frɛdˈnɔvɨ) (German: Frödenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Frednowy	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sedgwick County Extension Arboretum is located in Sedgwick County, Kansas, USA at 7001 W. 21st North Wichita, Kansas.	Sedgwick County Extension Arboretum	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kizhuparamba is one of the smallest Panchayaths in Malappuram district.	Kizhuparamba	Malappuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lunan District (simplified Chinese: 路南区; traditional Chinese: 路南區; pinyin: South of the Road) is a district of Tangshan, Hebei, China.	Lunan District	Tangshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basznia Dolna (ˈbaʂɲa ˈdɔlna) (Ukrainian: Башня Долішня, Bashnia Dolishnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Basznia Dolna	Gmina Lubaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Death Valley National Park is a national park in the U.S. states of California and Nevada that is located east of the Sierra Nevada, occupying an interface zone between the arid Great Basin and Mojave deserts in the United States.	Death Valley National Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boji Tower, also known as the Olds Tower is a historic 23-story building located at 124 Allegan Street, in Lansing, Michigan.	Boji Tower	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umunnachi is a town in Dunukofia, Anambra State, Southeastern Nigeria which is made up of five villages:	Umunnachi	Dunukofia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baluchi-ye Bala (Persian: بلوچي بالا‎, also Romanized as Balūchī-ye Bālā; also known as Balūchī-ye Bālā’ī) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Baluchi-ye Bala	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczawne (ˈʂt͡ʂavnɛ) (Ukrainian: Щавне, Shchavne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza, within Sanok County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Szczawne	Gmina Komańcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nigdi (Marathi: निगडी) is a suburb of Pune, India.	Nigdi	Pune
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glenbow Museum is an art and history museum in the city of Calgary in the province of Alberta Canada.	Glenbow Museum	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harrison-Landers House was a historic Federal-style residence near the village of Newtown in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.	Harrison-Landers House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Littlebury is a small village in north-west Essex.	Littlebury	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The General George Patton Museum of Leadership is a museum in Fort Knox, Kentucky, dedicated to the memory of General George S. Patton, Jr., and his role as a leader from World War I to the present day.	General George Patton Museum of Leadership	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Sar Meydan (Persian: اسلام ابادسرميدان‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Sar Meydān; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Sar Meydan	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalagh Zili (Persian: كلاغ زيلي‎, also Romanized as Kalāgh Zīlī; also known as Kalāgh Zīrī) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kalagh Zili	Kharturan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastwood Historic District is a registered historic district in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register of Historic Places on February 25, 2005.	Eastwood Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarazan-e Sofla (Persian: طرازان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ţarāzān-e Soflá) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Tarazan-e Sofla	Kuhgir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killerton is an 18th-century house in Broadclyst, Exeter, Devon, England, which, with its hillside garden and estate, has been owned by the National Trust since 1944 and is open to the public.	Killerton	Broadclyst
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malanday is a settlement and one of the constituent barangays in the city of Valenzuela, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Malanday	Valenzuela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karlusin (karˈluɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Karlusin	Gmina Sokołów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bocking Churchstreet is a residential area of the town of Braintree, in the Braintree District, in the English county of Essex.	Bocking Churchstreet	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gates Hall and Pultneyville Public Square is a historic theater and village green located at Pultneyville in Wayne County, New York.	Gates Hall and Pultneyville Public Square	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dennis J. Murphy House at Ogden Farm is a historic house at 641 Mitchell's Lane in Middletown, Rhode Island.	Dennis J. Murphy House at Ogden Farm	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shawnee Mission Northwest High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Shawnee Mission, Kansas, USA, serving students in grades 9-12.	Shawnee Mission Northwest High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coastline Community College is a community college with three mini-campuses in Westminster, Garden Grove and Newport Beach and an administration building in Fountain Valley, California, United States.	Coastline Community College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eceabat, formerly Maydos (Madytos, Μάδυτος in Ancient greek), is a town and district of Çanakkale Province in the Marmara region of Turkey, located on the eastern shore of the Gelibolu Peninsula, on the Dardanelles Strait.	Eceabat	Çanakkale Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pogoń-Leśniczówka (ˈpɔɡɔɲ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pogoń-Leśniczówka	Gmina Ślesin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Lofty Fire Tower sits on top of Mount Lofty in the Adelaide Hills just to the east of the city of Adelaide, South Australia.	Mount Lofty Fire Tower	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhumadian (simplified Chinese: 驻马店; traditional Chinese: 駐馬店; pinyin: Zhùmǎdiàn; postal: Chumatien) is a prefecture-level city in southern Henan province, China.	Zhumadian	Henan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fulton-Commercial Streets District is a historic district encompassing a commercial area of the North End of Boston, Massachusetts.	Fulton-Commercial Streets District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	13 WMVO is an AM radio station in Mount Vernon, Ohio located at 1300 kHz.	WMVO	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szeplerzyzna (ʂɛplɛˈʐɨzna) (German: Schönerswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szeplerzyzna	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simbario (Greek: Symbarion, Synvarion) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Vibo Valentia.	Simbario	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasqueti Island/False Bay Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAT7), is located adjacent to Lasqueti Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Lasqueti Island/False Bay Water Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kripekapura is a remote Indian village in the Gormi tehsil, Bhind district, in the state of Madhya Pradesh.	Kripekapura	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alhama de Murcia is a Spanish municipality in the autonomous community of the Region of Murcia.	Alhama de Murcia	Region of Murcia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchestan-e Khalaj (Persian: پرچستان خلج‎, also Romanized as Parchestān-e Khalaj) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Parchestan-e Khalaj	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maringá (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐɾiŋˈɡa)) is a municipality in southern Brazil founded on 10 May 1947 as a planned urban area it is the third largest city in the state of Paraná with 385,753 inhabitants in the city, and 764,906 in its metropolitan area (IBGE 2013).	Maringá	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fath-e Maqsud (Persian: فتح مقصود‎, also Romanized as Fatḩ-e Maqşūd) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Fath-e Maqsud	Gerdeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamut-e Gharbi District (Persian: بخش الموت غربی‎‎, meaning ``Western Alamut District''), formerly Rudbar-e Shahrestan District, is a district (bakhsh) in Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Alamut-e Gharbi District	Qazvin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinapovo (Bulgarian: Синапово, Greek: Σιναπλή) is a village in the municipality of Topolovgrad, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Sinapovo	Topolovgrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaese Mill is a historic grist mill located at Accident, Garrett County, Maryland, United States.	Kaese Mill	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James D. Westcott Building is a historic building on the campus of Florida State University in Tallahassee, in the U.S. state of Florida.	Westcott Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goraghan-e Tangan (Persian: گراغان تنگان‎, also Romanized as Gorāghān-e Tangān) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Goraghan-e Tangan	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jean Cocteau Museum/Séverin Wunderman Collection is a museum in Menton, on the French Riviera, in the Alpes-Maritimes department.	Jean Cocteau Museum	Menton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coliban River, an inland perennial river of the north--central catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the lower Riverina bioregion and Central Highlands region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Coliban River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Miller Chapel and Ascension Rock is a historic district in New York that encompasses the home of William Miller, who was a Baptist preacher, from the United States, credited with beginning the mid-nineteenth century North American religious movement that was known as the Millerites.	William Miller Chapel and Ascension Rock	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravensberg Land (German: Ravensberger Land) is a cultural landscape in the district of Ostwestfalen-Lippe in the northeast of the German federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Ravensberg Land	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinamiram is a village in Bhimavaram mandal, located in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Chinamiram	West Godavari district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulan Duży (ˈulan ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ulan Duży	Gmina Ulan-Majorat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slocum and Hannah Howland House is located at 1781 Sherwood Road in the hamlet of Sherwood in Cayuga County, New York.	Slocum and Hannah Howland House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mansfield A. Daniels House is a National Registered Historic Place located near Scobey, Montana, United States.	Mansfield A. Daniels House	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Hawk Lake is a lake in the Trent River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Algonquin Highlands, Haliburton County, Ontario, Canada.	Big Hawk Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Helen State Park is a Florida State Park and historic site located west of Panama City Beach, in northwestern Florida.	Camp Helen State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owch Gol (Persian: اوچ گل‎, also Romanized as Ūchgol) is a village in Siyah Mansur Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Owch Gol	Siyah Mansur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The name Pennsic War is a combination of Pennsylvania and Punic War.	Pennsic War	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aske Manor is a manor house in Upplands-Bro Municipality, Stockholm County (Sweden).	Aske Manor	Upplands-Bro Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prelovo (Serbian: Прелово) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Prelovo	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Najdziszów (nai̯ˈd͡ʑiʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mierzęcice, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Najdziszów	Gmina Mierzęcice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portencross Castle, also known historically as Portincross Castle, is situated in Portencross, on the west coast of Scotland, about 3km from West Kilbride.	Portencross Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamkur (Persian: چم كور‎, also Romanized as Chamkūr) is a village in Zakharuiyeh Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chamkur	Zakharuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Titron, also known as Durraj Pur, is a town and a nagar panchayat in Saharanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Titron	Saharanpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flynn Farm, Mansion, and Barn comprise a historic district located in Urbandale, Iowa, United States.	Flynn Farm, Mansion, and Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azimiyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان عظيميه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Azimiyeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJFX (95.7 FM, ``The Fox'') is a commercial radio station located in Fresno, California, and owned by Wilks Broadcasting, LLC. KJFX airs a classic rock music format.	KJFX	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plzeň-North District (Czech: Okres Plzeň-sever) is a district (okres) within Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Plzeň-North District	Plzeň Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Headingley railway station (formerly known as Headingley and Kirkstall railway station until some point early in the 20th century) is off Kirkstall Lane in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England on the Harrogate Line 3 miles (5 km) north west of Leeds.	Headingley railway station	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Standard Chartered Bank Building is a skyscraper located in the Central district of Hong Kong.	Standard Chartered Bank Building	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bujsce (ˈbui̯st͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bujsce	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sari Kand-e Mohammad Reza (Persian: ساري كندمحمدرضا‎, also Romanized as Sārī Kand-e Moḩammad Rez̤ā) is a village in Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sari Kand-e Mohammad Reza	Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hingham High School is a co-educational, public high school serving grades 9 through 12 for the town of Hingham, Massachusetts.	Hingham High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Illoorfik Island (old spelling: Igdlôrfik) is a small, uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Illoorfik Island	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sypień (ˈsɨpjɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sypień	Gmina Nieborów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Water Tower Place is a large urban, mixed-use development comprising a 758,000 sq ft (70,400 m2) shopping mall and 74 story skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Water Tower Place	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johannes Miller House is a Registered Historic Place in the Orange County, New York, Town of Montgomery.	Johannes Miller House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carl R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology (IGB) is an interdisciplinary facility for genomics research at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Carl R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piekarowo (pjɛkaˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Piekarowo	Gmina Mszczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drouges (Breton: Drougez) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Drouges	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aptakisic Junior High School is part of Aptakisic-Tripp Community Consolidated School District 102 located on 1231 N. Weiland Road in Buffalo Grove, Illinois.	Aptakisic Junior High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lovewell Pond is a sizable body of water located in southeastern Fryeburg, Maine.	Lovewell Pond	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Elgin Collegiate Institute is the second largest of three public secondary schools in St. Thomas, Ontario.	Central Elgin Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renfrew Collegiate Institute (RCI) is a secondary school in the town of Renfrew, Ontario and is part of the Renfrew County District School Board.	Renfrew Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadium High School is a public high school in Tacoma, Washington and a historic landmark.	Stadium High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wądoły (vɔnˈdɔwɨ) (German: Friedrichsburg) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wądoły	Gmina Susz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kouklia (Greek: Κούκλια Turkish: Kukla) is a village in the Paphos District, about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) from the city of Paphos on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus.	Kouklia	Paphos District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grotto Point Light, also known as Port Jackson Entrance Range Front Light, is an active lighthouse located at Grotto Point, a rocky headland at the southernmost tip of Balgowlah Heights, New South Wales, Australia, on the north side of Sydney Harbour.	Grotto Point Light	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Denis-sur-Sarthon est une commune du départment de l' Orne du nord-ouest de la France.	Saint-Denis-sur-Sarthon	Orne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DuBois Stone House is located at 281 West Main Street, in Catskill, New York, on the west side of Catskill Creek.	DuBois Stone House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matalvan (Persian: متلوان‎, also Romanized as Matalvān) is a village in Deh Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Matalvan	Deh Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuangpai County (simplified Chinese: 双牌县; traditional Chinese: 雙牌縣; pinyin: Shuāngpái Xiàn) is under the administration of Yongzhou, Hunan province, China.	Shuangpai County	Yongzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinguk River (alternate Iñupiaq language name, Pinauk meaning ``hill'') is a waterway located on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Pinguk River	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pearse Island is an island in western British Columbia, Canada, in the Portland Inlet, an inlet of the Pacific Ocean.	Pearse Island	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quellaveco mine is a large copper mine project located in the south of Peru in Moquegua Region.	Quellaveco mine	Moquegua Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrowhead Provincial Park is located north of Huntsville, Ontario, Canada, and is part of the Ontario Parks system.	Arrowhead Provincial Park	Huntsville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashhad Sara (Persian: مشهدسرا‎, also Romanized as Mashhad Sarā) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mashhad Sara	Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macon State Prison is located in Macon County, southwest of Oglethorpe, Georgia on approximately 300 acres (1.2 km2).	Macon State Prison	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Hungarian Reformed Church of New York (Hungarian: New York-i Első Magyar Református Egyház) is located on East 69th Street in the Upper East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan.	First Hungarian Reformed Church of New York	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unquera is a village with 803 inhabitants (INE 2005) in the municipality of Val de San Vicente, in the west of the province of Cantabria, Spain.	Unquera	Val de San Vicente
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trygort (ˈtrɨɡɔrt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Trygort	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Döbling Synagogue (Synagoge Döbling) stood in the Dollinergasse in the suburb of Oberdöbling in the 19th district of Vienna, Döbling.	Döbling Synagogue	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sacramento Valley Museum is a museum located at 1491 E Street Williams, in Williams, Colusa County, northern California.	Sacramento Valley Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malek Kian (Persian: ملك كيان‎; also Romanized as Malek Kīān, Malek Keyān, Maliakian, and Malyakan) is a city in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Malek Kian	Central District of Tabriz County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aultman Hospital is a non-profit hospital located in Canton, Ohio, United States.	Aultman Hospital	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chatham County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Pittsboro, Chatham County, North Carolina.	Chatham County Courthouse	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	On completion of the scheme the Clapham Park Estate became the largest single council estate within the London Borough of Lambeth.	Clapham Park	London Borough of Lambeth
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitlocks Mill Light is a lighthouse on the south bank of the St. Croix River in Calais, Maine.	Whitlocks Mill Light	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Kharsi (Persian: تنگ خرسي‎, also Romanized as Tang Kharsī) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tang Kharsi	Vardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cinnamon Bay is a body of water and a beach on St. John island, within Virgin Islands National Park, in the United States Virgin Islands.	Cinnamon Bay	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coed Darcy is a new village currently being developed adjacent to Llandarcy in Neath Port Talbot county borough, Wales.	Coed Darcy	Neath Port Talbot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dom-e Asman (Persian: دم اسمان‎, also Romanized as Dom-e Āsmān, Dam Asman, and Dom Āsmān; also known as Dum Āsmān) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Dom-e Asman	Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirik is a picturesque tourist spot nestled in the serene hills of Darjeeling district in West Bengal, India.	Mirik	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tattenhall is a village and civil parish, 8 miles south-east of Chester, in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Tattenhall	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godmanstone (or Godmanston) is a village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England, situated in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) north of the county town Dorchester.	Godmanstone	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Chenar (Persian: چهارچنار‎, also Romanized as Chahār Chenār) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District, Baharan District, Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chahar Chenar	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sir Vivian Richards Stadium is a stadium in North Sound, Antigua, Antigua and Barbuda.	Sir Vivian Richards Stadium	Antigua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Säkylä is located in the province of Western Finland and is part of the Satakunta region.	Säkylä	Satakunta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghushkdal (Persian: اغوشك دل‎, also Romanized as Āghūshkdal; also known as Āgoshg and Āgoshk) is a village in Kangan Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Aghushkdal	Kangan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazi Robab (Persian: بازي رباب‎, also Romanized as Bāzī Robāb) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bazi Robab	Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legahi (Persian: لگاهي‎, also Romanized as Legāhī and Lagāhī; also known as Lyakyagi and Nakāhī) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Legahi	Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue des Saussaies is a short (50m long) street in the 8th arrondissement of Paris that adjoins the Ministry of the Interior.	Rue des Saussaies	8th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountain Lakes Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Mountain Lakes, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Mountain Lakes Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomorzowice (pɔmɔʐɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village located in Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Pomorzowice	Gmina Głubczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redwood Meadows is a unique community known as a townsite in Alberta, Canada -- the only townsite recognized by Alberta Municipal Affairs at this time.	Redwood Meadows	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baddesley Clinton (grid reference SP199714), is a moated manor house, located just north of the historic town of Warwick in the English county of Warwickshire; the house was probably established during the 13th century when large areas of the Forest of Arden were cleared and eventually converted to farmland.	Baddesley Clinton	Warwick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkoczewo (parkɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Parkoczewo	Gmina Bodzanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooperative Farm 2 (Persian: مزرعه تعاوني انقلاب شماره 2‎ -- Mazra``eh-ye Tʿāvanī Ānqolāb Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village and cooperative farm in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 18 families.	Cooperative Farm 2	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shariat Kola (Persian: شريعت كلا‎, also Romanized as Sharī``at Kolā; also known as Shāh Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 723, in 179 families.	Shariat Kola	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunn State Park is a Massachusetts state park located in Gardner.	Dunn State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhimapur is a town and market place in Rajapur Municipality in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal.	Bhimapur	Bardiya District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Orchard Bog Natural Area Preserve is a 354-acre (143 ha) Natural Area Preserve located in Sussex and Prince George Counties, Virginia.	Cherry Orchard Bog Natural Area Preserve	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Kahur (Persian: ابكهور‎, also Romanized as Āb Kahūr) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ab Kahur	Shamil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place des Jacobins is a square located in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	Place des Jacobins	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Cockburn, the Scottish collector of Salem district, between 1820 and 1829, was called the 'Father of Yercaud' because he helped in the development of the resources of the Shevaroy and for introducing the cultivation of coffee, pears and apple.	Yercaud	Salem district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Col. James Barrett Farm (Barrett's Farm) is a historic farm at 448 Barrett's Mill Road in Concord, Massachusetts.	Col. James Barrett Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tupton is a village and civil parish in North East Derbyshire, Derbyshire, England, 4.5 miles (7 km) south of Chesterfield.	Tupton	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abidar Rural District (Persian: دهستان آبيدر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Abidar Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Keith is a mountain on the crest of California's Sierra Nevada, between Mount Bradley to the north, and Junction Peak to the southwest.	Mount Keith	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Cascade (formerly ``Cascade Reservoir'', also formerly known as Payette Lake ``The Mile High Playground'' ) is a reservoir in the western United States, on the North Fork of the Payette River in Valley County, Idaho.	Lake Cascade	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gormandale is a small town in eastern Victoria, Australia.	Gormandale	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łosie-Dołęgi (ˈwɔɕɛ dɔˈwɛŋɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łosie-Dołęgi	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kennon Island (52°56N 173°15E) is a 0.3-mi-long satellite of Attu Island in the Near Islands group at the extreme western end of the Aleutian Islands, Alaska.	Kennon Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Princess Alice Bank (Portuguese: Banco Princesa Alice) is a submerged seamount that is located 50 nmi (93 km) to the southwest of the island of Pico and 45 nmi (83 km) to the southwest of the island of Faial in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Princess Alice Bank	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oxnard Plain is a large coastal plain in southwest Ventura County, California, United States surrounded by the mountains of the Transverse ranges.	Oxnard Plain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mnyameni is a Xhosa community in Amahlathi Local Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, situated about 13 km north-west of Keiskammahoek.	Mnyameni	Amahlathi Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	GigaCatholic with incumbent biography links Montemarano Montemarano, Province of Avellino	Montemarano	Province of Avellino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gronków (ˈɡrɔnkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gronków	Gmina Nowy Targ
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daleszewo (dalɛˈʂɛvɔ) (German Ferdinandstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Daleszewo	Gmina Gryfino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fogo Priory was the a Tironensian monastic community in Berwickshire, Scottish Borders, dedicated to St Nicholas.	Fogo Priory	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orizatlán (officially: San Felipe Orizatlán) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	Orizatlán	Hidalgo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalinowice Górne (kalinɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kalinowice Górne	Gmina Ziębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suan Dok (Thai: สวนดอก) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lampang District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 5616 people.	Suan Dok	Mueang Lampang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balboa Park Gardens are cultivated areas of Balboa Park in San Diego, California.	Balboa Park Gardens	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church and Manlius Village Cemeteries in Manlius, New York is a 7 acres (2.8 ha) designation on the National Register of Historic Places.	Christ Church and Manlius Village Cemeteries	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic High School (or Seton Catholic College Preparatory School) is a Catholic high school within the Archdiocese of Seattle in Vancouver, Washington.	St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Île Saint-Honorat is the second largest of the Lérins Islands, about a mile off shore from the French Riviera town of Cannes.	Île Saint-Honorat	Cannes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crissy Field, a former U.S. Army airfield, is now part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area in San Francisco, California, United States.	Crissy Field	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nămoloasa is a commune in Galați County, in the Moldavia region of Romania.	Nămoloasa	Galați County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Peak is the second highest named mountain in both the Ruby Mountains and Elko County, in Nevada, United States.	Thomas Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Zinbiyeh (Persian: علي آباد زينبيه‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Zīnbīyeh) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 5 families.	Aliabad-e Zinbiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohajeran (Persian: مهاجران‎‎, also Romanized as Mohājerān and Mahājerān; also known as Mārān-ī-Muhājran and Muhājīrān) is a city in Lalejin District, in Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Mohajeran	Lalejin District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harris Street Bridge is a historic truss bridge that spans the Taunton River off Dean Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.	Harris Street Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port of Menteith (Scottish Gaelic: Port Loch Innis Mo Cholmaig) is a village and civil parish in the Stirling district of Scotland, the only significant settlement on the Lake of Menteith.	Port of Menteith	Stirling
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Ferriby is a village and civil parish in the Haltemprice area of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	North Ferriby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasne-Gajówka (ˈkrasnɛ ɡaˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krasne-Gajówka	Gmina Supraśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griffiths-Priday Ocean State Park is a 364-acre (147 ha) state-operated, public recreation area at the mouth of the Copalis River on the Pacific Ocean in Grays Harbor County, Washington.	Griffiths-Priday Ocean State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	BIT Zone Station (Hangul: 지식정보단지) is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.	BIT Zone Station	Incheon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dikcheh (Persian: ديكچه‎, also Romanized as Dīkcheh and Dīgcheh) is a village in Soltanali Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Dikcheh	Soltanali Rural District	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limmernsee (or Limmerensee) is a reservoir in the Canton of Glarus, Switzerland, between the peaks of Muttenchopf (2,482 m), Selbsanft (2,950 m) and Kistenstöckli (2,746 m).	Limmernsee	Canton of Glarus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muang Noi (Thai: ม่วงน้อย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Pa Sang District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 4649 people.	Muang Noi	Pa Sang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Free Public Library, Upper Montclair Branch is located in Montclair, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Free Public Library, Upper Montclair Branch	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The W. E. B. Du Bois Library is one of the four libraries of the UMass Amherst Libraries at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in Amherst, Massachusetts.	W. E. B. Du Bois Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolshaya Izhora (Russian: Большая Ижора) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Lomonosovsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the southern shore of the Gulf of Finland.	Bolshaya Izhora	Lomonosovsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cania Dam is a dam in central Queensland, Australia, 37 kilometres (23 mi) north west of Monto.	Cania Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Bethlehem Historic District is a national historic district located at Bethlehem, Lehigh County and Northampton County, Pennsylvania.	Central Bethlehem Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Naser Karami (Persian: چاه ناصركرمي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Nāşer Karamī) is a village in Karkevand Rural District, in the Central District of Mobarakeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Naser Karami	Karkevand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benimuslem (Valencian pronunciation: (benimuzˈlɛm)) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Benimuslem	Ribera Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downs Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range.	Downs Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elm Park is a suburban district in east London, England, and part of the London Borough of Havering.	Elm Park	London Borough of Havering
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camooweal Airport (IATA: CML, ICAO: YCMW) is located 0.4 nautical miles (0.74 km; 0.46 mi) northeast of Camooweal, Queensland, Australia.	Camooweal Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Place is one of South Carolina's largest shopping malls, with nearly 1,100,000 square feet (100,000 m2) of retail space.	Columbia Place	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballingeary (Irish: Béal Átha an Ghaorthaidh, pronounced (bʲial̪ˠ ɑhən̪ˠ ˈɣʷeːrˠhiɡʲ)) is a village in the Shehy Mountains in County Cork, Ireland.	Ballingeary	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tang-e Mahmud (Persian: سرتنگ محمود‎, also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Maḩmūd; also known as Sar Tang-e Maḩmūdī) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sar Tang-e Mahmud	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 585 (FM 585) is a farm to market road located in Brown and Coleman counties in west central Texas.	Farm to Market Road 585	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Dubuque High School (commonly West Dubuque, West Dub, WDHS, or WD) is a four-year public high school located in Epworth, Iowa.	Western Dubuque High School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Museum of Flight (formally the Canadian Museum of Flight Association since 1998) is an aviation museum at the Langley Regional Airport in Langley, British Columbia, Canada.	Canadian Museum of Flight	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarwater Creek is a small river in San Mateo County, California and is a tributary of Pescadero Creek.	Tarwater Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogers Park, Brampton (formerly Nortel Brampton Centre and Northern Electric Brampton Works) is a business complex and the corporate offices of Rogers Communications in Brampton, Ontario.	Rogers Park, Brampton	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostroszowice (ɔstrɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Weigelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ostroszowice	Gmina Dzierżoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedgehill is a village in Sedgehill and Semley civil parish in the English county of Wiltshire.	Sedgehill	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trumpington Street is a major historic street in central Cambridge, England.	Trumpington Street	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naknek Airport (IATA: NNK, FAA LID: 5NK) is a state-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) north of the central business district of Naknek, in the Bristol Bay Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Naknek Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shevgaon is a city in Shevgaon tehsil of Ahmednagar in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Shevgaon	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clovenfords is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, a mile north of the hamlet of Caddonfoot and four miles west of the town Galashiels.	Clovenfords	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lireh Sar (Persian: ليره سر‎, also Romanized as Līreh Sar; also known as Līresar and Līr Sar) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lireh Sar	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meadowbank Aerodrome (TC LID: CMB2) is an aerodrome located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northeast of Meadowbank Gold Mine, Nunavut, Canada.	Meadowbank Aerodrome	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkshire Medical Center is a private, non-profit 302-bed community teaching hospital in Pittsfield, Massachusetts affiliated with the University of Massachusetts Medical School.	Berkshire Medical Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohneh Rudposht (Persian: كهنه رودپشت‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Rūdposht) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Rudposht	Rudboneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maręże (maˈrɛ̃ʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skomlin, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Maręże	Gmina Skomlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Chesdin (also known as Chesdin Reservoir) is a lake in south-central Virginia, on the border of Chesterfield County and Dinwiddie County and going upstream into Amelia County.	Lake Chesdin	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Promenade at Sagemore is a large regional shopping mall located in the Marlton section of Evesham Township, in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States, leased by Kravco Simon.	The Promenade at Sagemore	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louis P. and Clara K. Best Residence and Auto House, also known as Grandview Apartments and The Alamo is located in the central part of Davenport, Iowa.	Louis P. and Clara K. Best Residence and Auto House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kucębów (kuˈt͡sɛmbuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kucębów	Gmina Bliżyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sauvey Castle is an early medieval ringwork and bailey castle and is a Scheduled Ancient Monument in the civil parish of Withcote, Leicestershire (grid reference SK78680525).	Sauvey Castle	Withcote
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajnuj is a village that is situated west of the taluka city of Khandala in the Satara district of Maharashtra, India, on the Khandala-Bhor Road.	Ajnuj	Satara district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Nougués is a settlement in Lules Department, Tucumán Province, in northern Argentina.	Villa Nougués	Lules Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Kelsey is a mountain located in the western portion of Millsfield, New Hampshire.	Mount Kelsey	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoye-Crest is a summit along Backbone Mountain just inside of Garrett County, Maryland, USA.	Hoye-Crest	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Commonwealth Center for Children and Adolescents, formerly known as The DeJarnette Center for Human Development, is a children's mental hospital located in the city of Staunton, Virginia in the United States.	Commonwealth Center for Children and Adolescents	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ygnacio Palomares Adobe, also known as Adobe de Palomares, is a one-story adobe in Pomona, California, built between 1850 and 1855 as a residence for Don Ygnacio Palomares.	Ygnacio Palomares Adobe	Pomona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Town of Katherine is a local government area in the Northern Territory, established on 3 March 1978.	Town of Katherine	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suliszew (suˈliʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Suliszew	Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pozza di Fassa (Ladin: Poza (de Fascia), German: Potzach im Fasstal) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Trento.	Pozza di Fassa	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jijk (Persian: جيجك‎, also Romanized as Jījk; also known as Jījag, Jajk, Jejg, and Jījong) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jijk	Kahshang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steel Heddle Manufacturing Company Complex is a historic factory complex located in the Allegheny West neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Steel Heddle Manufacturing Company Complex	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dokan-e Bijari (Persian: دكان بيجاري‎, also Romanized as Dokān-e Bījārī and Dakān Bījārī) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dokan-e Bijari	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahalgaon (formerly known as Colgong during British rule) is a town and a municipality in Bhagalpur district in the state of Bihar, India.	Kahalgaon	Bhagalpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Trenche Generating Station is a hydroelectric power plant on the Saint-Maurice River and within La Tuque, in Upper-Mauricie, in the administrative region of Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada.	La Trenche Generating Station	La Tuque
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yek Dang (Persian: يكدانگ‎, also Romanized as Yek Dāng and Yeg Dāng) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District, Silakhor District, Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Yek Dang	Chalanchulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behesht Shahada (Persian: بهشت شهدا‎, also Romanized as Behesht Shahadā) is a village in Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni Rural District, Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni District, Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Behesht Shahada	Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaduneh-ye Sofla (Persian: قدونه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qadūneh-ye Soflá; also known as Qūdāneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qaduneh-ye Sofla	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goshkur (Persian: گشكور‎, also Romanized as Goshkūr) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Goshkur	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simcoe (Dennison Field) Airport, (TC LID: CPA4), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) southeast of Simcoe, Ontario, Canada.	Simcoe (Dennison Field) Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ohio University Airport or Gordon K. Bush Airport (IATA: ATO, ICAO: KUNI, FAA LID: UNI), also known as Snyder Field, is a public-use airport located on State Route 32/U.S.	Gordon K. Bush Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gondal Gilan (Persian: گندل گيلان‎, also Romanized as Gondal Gīlān and Gandal Gīlān) is a village in Oshtorinan Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gondal Gilan	Oshtorinan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pahaquarry Copper Mine is an abandoned copper mine located on the west side of Kittatinny Mountain presently in Hardwick Township in Warren County, New Jersey in the United States.	Pahaquarry Copper Mine	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słoniawy (swɔˈɲavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Słoniawy	Gmina Karniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yeshivah of Flatbush is a Modern Orthodox private Jewish day school located in Midwood, Brooklyn, New York City.	Yeshivah of Flatbush	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kevo Strict Nature Reserve (Finnish: Kevon luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in Utsjoki, northern Lapland, Finland.	Kevo Strict Nature Reserve	Utsjoki
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWBF (AM 1130) and (FM 102.9) is a full-time commercial broadcast radio station located in Bartow, Florida, USA.	WWBF	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRUA is a non-commercial educational college radio station in Anchorage, Alaska, broadcasting on the FM band 88.1 and online at kruaradio.org.	KRUA	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	195 Broadway is a 29-story building on Broadway in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan.	195 Broadway	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Käppele is the commonly used (colloquial) name for the church Wallfahrtskirche Mariä Heimsuchung (named for the Visitation of Mary) in Würzburg, Bavaria, Germany.	Käppele	Würzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olivet Chapel, since 1965 known as the A.U.M.P. affiliated St. John's African Union Methodist Protestant Church, is a historic Presbyterian African American mission chapel located at Goshen in Orange County, New York.	Olivet Chapel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sotherton is a dispersed village in Suffolk, England, located approximately 7 miles (11 km) south of Beccles and 3 3⁄4 miles (6.0 km) north east of Halesworth close to the A145.	Sotherton	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graft-De Rijp ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Graft-De Rijp	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Windy Creek Ranger Cabin No. 15 is a historic backcountry shelter in the Denali National Park & Preserve, in Alaska.	Lower Windy Creek Ranger Cabin No. 15	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBZM (104.7 FM, ``Eagle 104.7'') is a radio station licensed to Big Sky, Montana and reaches a substantial geographic area largely unserved by other signals.	KBZM	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Racheh (Persian: راچه‎, also Romanized as Rācheh; also known as Rāhcheh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Racheh	Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowiny (rɔˈvʲinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rowiny	Gmina Wisznice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rashbehari (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 23 Kolkata Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency) .	Rashbehari (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Kolkata Dakshin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tankaman District (Persian: بخش تنکمان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Tankaman District	Alborz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBDB-FM is an American radio station licensed to operate on the FM frequency of 96.7 MHz in Forks, Washington.	KBDB-FM	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanford Lake is a man-made reservoir located in Midland County, Michigan.	Sanford Lake	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Dasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان كوه دشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kuh Dasht Rural District	Neyasar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samester Parkway Apartments is a historic apartment complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Samester Parkway Apartments	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tyronza Water Tower is a historic elevated steel water tower located in Tyronza, Arkansas.	Tyronza Water Tower	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1985 PGA Championship was the 67th PGA Championship, held August 8--11 at Cherry Hills Country Club in Cherry Hills Village, Colorado, a suburb south of Denver.	1985 PGA Championship	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muddy Mountain is a peak in the Laramie Mountains approximately 12 miles SSE of Casper, Wyoming.	Muddy Mountain	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heyburn Building is a 17-floor, 250-foot (76-m) building in downtown Louisville, Kentucky, United States.	Heyburn Building	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belep (sometimes unofficially spelled Bélep) is a commune in the North Province of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Belep	North Province	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naser Kiadeh-ye Mian Mahalleh (Persian: ناصركياده ميان محله‎, also Romanized as Nāşer Kīādeh-ye Mīān Maḩalleh; also known as Mīān Maḩalleh-ye Nāşer Kīādeh) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Naser Kiadeh-ye Mian Mahalleh	Shirju Posht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billingham Manor (or Billingham House) is a manor house in Chillerton, on the Isle of Wight.	Billingham Manor	Isle of Wight
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erukkur (Tamil: எருக்கூர்) is a village located nearby Sirkazhi (Tamil: சீர்காழி) in Nagapattinam district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Erukkur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hankinson-Moreau-Covenhoven House, or more simply Covenhoven House, is located in Freehold Borough, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Hankinson-Moreau-Covenhoven House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raja Ka Rampur is a town and one of oldest nagar panchayat in Etah district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Raja Ka Rampur	Etah district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podolínec (Polish: Podoliniec, German: Pudlein, Hungarian: Podolin) is a town in the Stará Ľubovňa District of the Prešov Region in northern Slovakia.	Podolínec	Stará Ľubovňa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	École secondaire Le Caron is the onlyFrench first language high school located in Penetanguishene, Ontario, Canada.	École secondaire Le Caron	Penetanguishene
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dipu (simplified Chinese: 递铺; traditional Chinese: 遞舖; pinyin: Dìpù) is the main town and the seat of Anji County, in northwest Zhejiang province, China.	Dipu	Anji County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minerva Building was a skyscraper once planned for the eastern edge of London's main financial district, the City of London.	Minerva Building	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Mishan (Persian: آب‌میشان‎, also Romanized as Āb Mīshān) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Mishan	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wahrenberger House is located two blocks from the Texas Capitol, at 208 W. 14th Street, in Austin, Travis County, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Wahrenberger House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishtrap Lake State Park is a park located southeast of Pikeville, Kentucky in Pike County.	Fishtrap Lake State Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bovard Field was a stadium in Los Angeles, California, on the campus of the University of Southern California.	Bovard Field	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bull Run National Forest was established as the Bull Run Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Oregon on June 17, 1892, with 142,080 acres (575.0 km2).	Bull Run National Forest	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Forge Dam is a dam located in Old Forge, New York.	Old Forge Dam	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badara Tittha Vihara (also Badaratittha, Padaratittha ) is the name of an historic Theravada Buddhist vihara in what is now the modern Tamil Nadu state of India.	Badaratittha	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	1310 G Street is a high-rise skyscraper building located in Washington, D.C., United States.	1310 G Street	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Niter Ice Cave is a geological feature approximately 3 miles south of the small southeastern Idaho town of Grace, Idaho.	Niter Ice Cave	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zipser Berg is a hill in the Franconian Jura in the German state of Bavaria.	Zipser Berg	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont-Saint-Bruno National Park (French: Parc National du Mont-Saint-Bruno) is a small national park of Quebec located near the municipality of Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) to the east of Montréal on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence river.	Mont-Saint-Bruno National Park	Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spiro Mounds (34 LF 40) is an important Mississippian archaeological site located in what is now Eastern Oklahoma.	Spiro Mounds	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyl Molla Qorbani (Persian: سيل ملاقرباني‎‎, also Romanized as Seyl Mollā Qorbānī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seyl Molla Qorbani	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchestan-e Al Kalu (Persian: پرچستان الكلو‎, also Romanized as Parchestān-e Āl Kalu; also known as Parchestān, Parchestān-e Āl Kalī, and Perchestān) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Parchestan-e Al Kalu	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandler State Wayside (also known as Chandler State Park) is a state park in south-central Oregon in the United States.	Chandler State Wayside	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pigłowice (piɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pigłowice	Gmina Zaniemyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Fusiliers Mont-Royal originated in Montreal, Quebec on 18 June 1869 as The Mount Royal Rifles.	Les Fusiliers Mont-Royal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gugjeh (Persian: گوگجه‎, also Romanized as Gūgjeh and Gowgjeh; also known as Gogjeh, Gowg Tappeh, and Gowjeh) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gugjeh	Sarshiv Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Mar Province is a province in the north-east corner of the Ayacucho Region, Peru.	La Mar Province	Ayacucho Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porzinastan (Persian: پرزينستان‎, also Romanized as Porzīnastān; also known as Boneh-ye Gholām``alī, Gholām``alī, and Porzanastān) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 43 families.	Porzinastan	Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papažani (Serbian Cyrillic: Папажани) is a village in the municipality of Laktaši, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Papažani	Laktaši
member of political party	Gustavo Machado Morales (19 July 1898 - 17 July 1983) was a Venezuelan politician and journalist, editor of the Communist Party of Venezuela's newspaper from 1948 to 1983 (with interruptions for exile and imprisonment) and President of the party from 1971 to 1983.	Gustavo Machado Morales	Communist Party of Venezuela
member of political party	Gwen O'Mahony (born 1972 or 1973) is a Canadian politician, who represented Chilliwack-Hope in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from April 2012 until May 2013 as a member of the British Columbia New Democratic Party.	Gwen O'Mahony	British Columbia New Democratic Party
member of political party	Neelakanthapuram Raghu Veera Reddy born Raghu Veera Yadav (born 12 February 1957) is an Indian politician and a three time legislator belonging to the Indian National Congress.	Raghu Veera Reddy	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Kristin Vinje (born 10 June 1963) is a Norwegian chemist and politician for the Conservative Party.	Kristin Vinje	Conservative Party
member of political party	Vernon Hartshorn (1872 -- 13 March 1931) was a Welsh trades unionist and Labour Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1918 until his death.	Vernon Hartshorn	Labour Party
member of political party	Aylmer Lynn Lowe, known as A. Lynn Lowe (March 6, 1936 -- August 14, 2010), was a farmer and politician from Garland near Texarkana in Miller County in southwestern Arkansas, who was a major figure in the Arkansas Republican Party.	Lynn Lowe	Republican Party
member of political party	Shri Ekanath K. Thakur (15 February 1941 -- 7 August 2014) was an Indian politician from the Shiv Sena party, born in Mhapan, Sindhudurg.	Ekanath K. Thakur	Shiv Sena
member of political party	Bridget McKenzie (born 27 December 1969) is an Australian politician and National Party of Australia member for Victoria in the Australian Senate.	Bridget McKenzie	National Party of Australia
member of political party	Henry Chaplin, 1st Viscount Chaplin PC (22 December 1840 -- 29 May 1923) was a British landowner, racehorse owner and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 until 1916 when he was raised to the peerage.	Henry Chaplin, 1st Viscount Chaplin	Conservative Party
member of political party	Paty Ripple Kyndiah (7 May 1928 -- 26 March 2015) was an Indian politician and a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.	Paty Ripple Kyndiah	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Arnold Weiberg-Aurdal (born 18 June 1925) was a Norwegian agronomist, military officer and politician for the Centre Party.	Arnold Weiberg-Aurdal	Centre Party
member of political party	Barry T. Parker (born December 12, 1932) is an American Republican Party politician who served in both the New Jersey General Assembly and the New Jersey Senate.	Barry T. Parker	Republican Party
member of political party	Sargis Mehrabyan (Armenian: Սարգիս Մեհրաբյան), also known as Commander Vartan, Vartan of Khanasor and Vartan Mehrpanian, was an Armenian fedayee military commander and member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation.	Sargis Mehrabyan	Armenian Revolutionary Federation
member of political party	Graham Annesley (born 26 May 1957), an Australian former politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Miranda for the Liberal Party of Australia from 2011 to 2013.	Graham Annesley	Liberal Party
member of political party	Salih Muslim Muhammad (born 1951) is co-chairman of the Democratic Union Party (PYD), the driving power behind the de facto autonomous Kurdish-controlled region of Rojava in Northern Syria.	Salih Muslim Muhammad	Democratic Union Party
member of political party	Vahan Papazian (Armenian: Վահան Փափազյան; 1876-1973), also known by his pseudonym Goms (Կոմս) was an Armenian political activist and a community leader in Van, a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation.	Vahan Papazian	Armenian Revolutionary Federation
member of political party	Abd al-Karim al-Jundi (Arabic: عبد الكريم الجندي‎) (b. 1932 -- 2 March 1969) was a Syrian officer and a founding member of the Ba'ath Party's Military Committee which took over power in the country after the 1963 military coup.	Abd al-Karim al-Jundi	Ba'ath Party
member of political party	Erik Tørrissen (born February 10, 1988 in Ålesund, Møre og Romsdal) is a Norwegian yachtsman and politician from the Progress Party.	Erik Tørrissen	Progress Party
member of political party	Elisabeth Jensen is an education advocate and the Democratic Party nominee for Kentucky's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives elections in Kentucky, 2014.	Elisabeth Jensen	Democratic Party
member of political party	Philip Collier (21 April 1873 -- 18 October 1948) was Premier of Western Australia for nine years, the longest ever term for an Australian Labor Party premier.	Philip Collier	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Joseph Gurney Cannon (May 7, 1836 -- November 12, 1926) was a United States politician from Illinois and leader of the Republican Party.	Joseph Gurney Cannon	Republican Party
member of political party	Mohammad Reza Ameli Tehrani was the information minister of Iran during shah's regime and a co-founder of Pan-Iranist Party.	Mohammad Reza Ameli Tehrani	Pan-Iranist Party
member of political party	Paul Frölich (1884--1953) was a journalist and left wing political activist who was a founding member of the Communist Party of Germany and founder of the party's paper, Die Rote Fahne.	Paul Frölich	Communist Party of Germany
member of political party	Dr. Daggubati Venkateswara Rao, M.B.,B.S., (Telugu దగ్గుబాటి వెంకటేశ్వరరావు) (born 14 December 1953) is a former member of the Indian National Congress.	Daggubati Venkateswara Rao	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Ziad el-Doulatli (Tunisian Arabic: زياد الدولاتلي‎) is a Tunisian activist affiliated with the Islamist Ennahda Movement, for which he is an executive.	Ziad el-Doulatli	Ennahda Movement
member of political party	Gianfranco Fini (born January 3, 1952) is an Italian politician, former President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies, former leader of the conservative National Alliance, the post-fascist Italian Social Movement and the center-right Future and Freedom party.	Gianfranco Fini	National Alliance	Future and Freedom
member of political party	Grace Portolesi (born 26 June 1968) is an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Hartley from 2006 to 2014 for the Australian Labor Party.	Grace Portolesi	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Juliana Azumah-Mensah was first elected Member of Parliament for the Ho East Constituency on the ticket of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) in the 2004 parliamentary election and took her seat in January 2005.	Juliana Azumah-Mensah	National Democratic Congress
member of political party	Louise Beaudoin (born September 26, 1945 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian politician, who represents the electoral district of Rosemont in the National Assembly of Quebec as a member of the Parti Québécois (PQ).	Louise Beaudoin	Parti Québécois
member of political party	Alexander George Dickson (1834 -- 3 July 1889) was a Conservative Party Member of Parliament in the British House of Commons representing Dover.	Alexander George Dickson	Conservative Party
member of political party	Gary Dunion (born 15 July 1980 in Dundee, Scotland) is a Scottish Green Party and Green Party of England and Wales politician and editor of the progressive blog Bright Green.	Gary Dunion	Scottish Green Party
member of political party	Wilhelm Karpenstein (born 24 May 1903 in Frankfurt am Main - died 2 May 1968 in Lauterbach, Hesse) was a German Nazi Party politician.	Wilhelm Karpenstein	Nazi Party
member of political party	Otto Bahr Halvorsen (28 May 1872, Christiania --23 May 1923, Christiania) was a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party.	Otto Bahr Halvorsen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Esabelle Dingizian (Armenian: Իզապէլ Տինկիզեան; 16 September 1962) is a Swedish Green Party politician.	Esabelle Dingizian	Green Party
member of political party	Sir William Thomas Charley (5 March 1833 -- 8 July 1904) was a British judge and Conservative Party politician.	William Thomas Charley	Conservative Party
member of political party	Professor Roberta Blackman-Woods (born Roberta Carol Woods; 16 August 1957) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for the City of Durham since 2005.	Roberta Blackman-Woods	Labour Party
member of political party	Ernest Robinson Ackerman (June 17, 1863 -- October 18, 1931) was an American Republican Party politician who represented New Jersey's 5th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1919 to 1931.	Ernest Robinson Ackerman	Republican Party
member of political party	Kaysone Phomvihane (Lao: ໄກສອນ ພົມວິຫານ) (13 December 1920 -- 21 November 1992) was the leader of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party from 1955 until his death in 1992.	Kaysone Phomvihane	Lao People's Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Moon Kook-hyun (Korean: 문국현, Hanja: 文國現, born 12 January 1949) is the leader of the Creative Korea Party, who served as a well-known business manager and civil environmental campaigner in South Korea before entering his political career.	Moon Kook-hyun	Creative Korea Party
member of political party	Ciaran Brogan is an Irish businessman and Fianna Fáil politician from County Donegal.	Ciaran Brogan	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	John Mitchel McLaughlin (born 29 October 1945) is the former General Secretary of Sinn Féin and currently an MLA and Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly.	Mitchel McLaughlin	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Larry Frisoli (August 22, 1950 -- July 2, 2008) was the Republican Party candidate for Attorney General in Massachusetts in 2006.	Larry Frisoli	Republican Party
member of political party	Nouradine Delwa Kassiré Koumakoye (born December 31, 1949) is a Chadian politician and the head of the National Rally for Development and Progress (VIVA-RNDP) political party.	Delwa Kassiré Koumakoye	National Rally for Development and Progress
member of political party	Giulia Jones (born in 1980), an Australian politician, is a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Molonglo for the Liberal Party since 2012.	Giulia Jones	Liberal Party
member of political party	Stefanos Manikas (14 April 1952 -- 26 August 2015) was a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) who was Minister of State.	Stefanos Manikas	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	Mushahid Ullah Khan is a Pakistani senator from the Punjab who is a member of the Pakistan Muslim League (N).	Mushahid Ullah Khan	Pakistan Muslim League
member of political party	Christel Augenstein (born 15 July 1949 in Erfurt) is a member of the Free Democratic Party.	Christel Augenstein	Free Democratic Party
member of political party	David C. Harrington is an American politician from Maryland, a member of the Democratic Party and a former member of the Maryland State Senate.	David C. Harrington	Democratic Party
member of political party	Edward N. Costikyan (September 24, 1924 -- June 22, 2012) was a Democratic Party politician who was notable for reforming the Democratic party in New York City.	Edward N. Costikyan	Democratic Party
member of political party	Donald B. Elliott (born October 18, 1931) is a registered pharmacist and American politician of the Republican Party in the State of Maryland, USA, currently serving his 6th term as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates.	Donald B. Elliott	Republican Party
member of political party	John F. Cryan (May 6, 1929 -- February 6, 2005) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as member of the New Jersey General Assembly and as the Essex County Sheriff.	John F. Cryan	Democratic Party
member of political party	In 1917, Zeth Höglund and the left-wing were expelled from the party but they regrouped as the Swedish Social Democratic Left Party, which supported the Bolsheviks in Russia and worked for the aim of a communist revolution in Sweden.	Zeth Höglund	Left Party
member of political party	Sheikh Khabir Uddin Ahmed, a politician from Communist Party of India (Marxist), is a Member of the Parliament of India representing West Bengal in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament.	Sheikh Khabir Uddin Ahmed	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Charles Roden Buxton (27 November 1875 -- 16 December 1942) was an English philanthropist and radical British Liberal Party politician who later joined the Labour Party.	Charles Roden Buxton	Labour Party
member of political party	Kazimierz Kelles-Krauz (1872 -- 1905) was a Polish philosopher and sociologist, member of the Polish Socialist Party.	Kazimierz Kelles-Krauz	Polish Socialist Party
member of political party	Lars Egeland (born 6 December 1957) is a Norwegian librarian and politician for the Socialist Left Party.	Lars Egeland	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Euan McLeod JP, is a member of the Scottish Labour Party and a Councillor for the Glasgow City Council for Ward 19, Shettleston .	Euan McLeod	Labour Party
member of political party	Pierre Morange runs under the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP), political party of the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy.	Pierre Morange	Union for a Popular Movement
member of political party	Renate Adolph (born 20 March 1954 in East Berlin) is a former politician for the Die Linke and its predecessors, the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) and the PDS.	Renate Adolph	Socialist Unity Party of Germany
member of political party	Katherine Patricia Irene Adams, Baroness Adams of Craigielea (born 27 December 1947) is a Scottish Labour Party peer, who served as Member of Parliament in the constituency of Paisley North from 1990 to 2005.	Irene Adams, Baroness Adams of Craigielea	Labour Party
member of political party	John Walter Smith (February 5, 1845 -- April 19, 1925), a member of the United States Democratic Party, served the State of Maryland in the United States in several different positions.	John Walter Smith	Democratic Party
member of political party	Igor Pavličić (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Павличић, pronounced (îɡor pâʋlitʃitɕ), born 1970 in Belgrade) is a Serbian politician, and former Mayor of the city of Novi Sad representing the Democratic Party (DS).	Igor Pavličić	Democratic Party
member of political party	Torgeir Trældal (born 1965) is a Norwegian politician and member of parliament from representing Nordland for the Progress Party.	Torgeir Trældal	Progress Party
member of political party	Sanat Kumar Mandal (Bengali: সনৎ কুমার মন্ডল) (born 14 February 1942) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP) political party.	Sanat Kumar Mandal	Revolutionary Socialist Party
member of political party	Fred Goldstein is a leader of an American Workers World Party.	Fred Goldstein	Workers World Party
member of political party	Pietro Marcenaro (born 2 June 1946) is an Italian politician and trade unionist of the centre-left Democratic Party.	Pietro Marcenaro	Democratic Party
member of political party	Conor Burns (born 24 September 1972) is a British Conservative Party politician.	Conor Burns	Conservative Party
member of political party	William Daniel Heffernan, more commonly known as Bill Heffernan, (born 3 March 1943), is an Australian politician, who has been a Liberal Party member of the Senate, representing the state of New South Wales, since September 1996.	Bill Heffernan	Liberal Party
member of political party	Alex Mosson is a Scottish Labour Party politician and a former Lord Provost of Glasgow.	Alex Mosson	Labour Party
member of political party	Noushig Eloyan is a Canadian politician, who served on the Montreal City Council from 1994 to 2009 and ran for the Canadian Parliament for the electoral riding of Ahuntsic in the May 2, 2011 elections as a member of the federal Liberal Party of Canada.	Noushig Eloyan	Liberal Party of Canada
member of political party	Morten Strand (born 23 September 1947) is a Norwegian footballer and politician for the Conservative Party.	Morten Strand	Conservative Party
member of political party	Zsolt Makay (born August 16, 1977) is a Hungarian politician who served as the last president of the Hungarian Democratic Forum.	Zsolt Makay	Hungarian Democratic Forum
member of political party	Per Rolf Sævik (born 15 December 1940) is a Norwegian fisher, ship-owner and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Per Rolf Sævik	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Professor Dr. Lala Shevket (Azerbaijani: Lalə Şövkət, sometimes transliterated as Lala Şövkat or Lala Shovkat; Лала Шевкет in Russian transliteration) (born 7 November 1951, Baku) is an Azerbaijani politician, the Leader of the National Unity Movement and Azerbaijan Liberal Party.	Lala Shevket	Azerbaijan Liberal Party
member of political party	Alf Staver (20 March 1874 -- 1953) was a Norwegian skier, sports official, educator and politician for the Conservative Party.	Alf Staver	Conservative Party
member of political party	Kreshnik Çipi was a former member of Flamurtari Vlore and now is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.	Kreshnik Çipi	Democratic Party of Albania
member of political party	Mike Schreiner (born June 9, 1969) is the leader of the Green Party of Ontario.	Mike Schreiner	Green Party of Ontario
member of political party	Attila Mesterházy (born 30 January 1974) is a Hungarian politician, who served as the seventh chairman of the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) from 10 July 2010 to 29 May 2014.	Attila Mesterházy	Hungarian Socialist Party
member of political party	Mohammed Ameur (Arabic: محمد عامر‎ -- born 1959, Oujda) is a Moroccan politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces.	Mohammed Ameur	Socialist Union of Popular Forces
member of political party	Deependra Singh Shekhawat is a senior leader of the Indian National Congress in the state of Rajasthan and has been the former Speaker of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly since 2 January 2009-2014 He was born on 20 June 1951 in Jodhpur to Shri Bharat Singh Shekhawat.	Deependra Singh Shekhawat	Indian National Congress
member of political party	In the first democratic elections of 1990, Franjo Gregurić entered politics as a member of the Croatian Democratic Union.	Franjo Gregurić	Croatian Democratic Union
member of political party	Chen Ting-fei (traditional Chinese: 陳亭妃; simplified Chinese: 陈亭妃; pinyin: Chén Tíngfēi; Wade--Giles: Ch'en T'ing-fei) is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan.	Chen Ting-fei	Democratic Progressive Party
member of political party	Isabel Rosado (November 5, 1907 -- January 13, 2015), a.k.a. Doña Isabelita, was an educator, social worker, activist and member of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party.	Isabel Rosado	Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
member of political party	James Earl Laney, Sr., known as Pete Laney (born March 20, 1943), is a U. S. Democratic Party politician from West Texas.	Pete Laney	Democratic Party
member of political party	Subhas Chakraborty (18 March 1942- 3 August 2009) was a leader in the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and Transport, Sports and Youth Services Minister in the Government of West Bengal.	Subhas Chakraborty	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Marion Phillips (29 October 1881 -- 23 January 1932) was a Labour Party politician and Member of Parliament in England.	Marion Phillips	Labour Party
member of political party	Hans Peter Elisa Lødrup (1885--1955) was a Norwegian journalist, newspaper editor, non-fiction writer and politician for the Conservative Party.	Hans Peter Elisa Lødrup	Conservative Party
member of political party	Joseph Luther Smith, commonly known as Joe L. Smith (May 22, 1880 -- August 23, 1962), was an American politician, and a member of the Democratic Party from West Virginia.	Joe L. Smith	Democratic Party
member of political party	Rapama Kamehozu (circa 1949 -- March 23, 2013) was a Namibian politician, teacher, and a member of the SWAPO political party.	Rapama Kamehozu	SWAPO
member of political party	Ifeanyichukwu Eddie Mbadiwe (born 6 February 1942) is a Nigerian politician who served as People's Democratic Party member of the House of Representatives for Ideato North/South in Imo State.	Eddie Mbadiwe	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Matt Brennan (born 1 October 1936) is a retired Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Sligo--	Matt Brennan	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Jens Christian Magnus (born 13 July 1920) is a Norwegian military officer and politician for the Conservative Party.	Jens Christian Magnus	Conservative Party
member of political party	Nicolae Văcăroiu (Romanian pronunciation: (nikoˈla.e vəkəˈroju); born on 5 December 1943 in Cetatea Albă, now Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi in Ukraine) is a Romanian politician, member of the Social Democratic Party, who served as Prime Minister between 1992 and 1996.	Nicolae Văcăroiu	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Lieutenant General Choummaly Sayasone (Lao: ຈູມມະລີ ໄຊຍະສອນ; born 6 March 1936) is a Laotian politician who has been General Secretary (de facto leader) of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP) and President of Laos since 2006.	Choummaly Sayasone	Lao People's Revolutionary Party
member of political party	C. Muthuswamy Gounder (born 1917) was a Swatantra Party politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu who served as the Member of Parliament for Karur from 1967 to 1971.	C. Muthuswamy Gounder	Swatantra Party
member of political party	Richard Raši (born 2 April 1971) is a Slovak physician and politician for the Direction -- Social Democracy (Slovak: Smer -- sociálna demokracia) and since 21 December 2010, the Mayor of the city of Košice.	Richard Raši	Direction -- Social Democracy
member of political party	Carl Wilhelm Tölcke (born 31 May 1817 in Eslohe, Sauerland; died 30 November 1893 in Dortmund) was a German Social democratic politician, the ``father of Social democracy in Westphalia'' and president of the General German Workers' Association.	Carl Wilhelm Tölcke	General German Workers' Association
member of political party	Vladimirs Buzajevs or Vladimir Buzayev, (Russian: Влади́мир Ви́кторович Буза́ев), born October 8, 1951 in Zhukovka, Bryansk Oblast, Russian SFSR, is a Latvian politician and Member of the 8th and 9th Saeima For Human Rights in United Latvia.	Vladimirs Buzajevs	For Human Rights in United Latvia
member of political party	Christopher Beazley (born 5 September 1952 in Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex) is a British politician for the Conservative Party, who served as a Member of the European Parliament 1984--1994 and 1999--2009.	Christopher Beazley	Conservative Party
member of political party	Franca Falcucci (22 March 1926 -- 4 September 2014) was an Italian politician who was a member of the Christian Democracy Party.	Franca Falcucci	Christian Democracy
member of political party	Bill Gwatney (August 26, 1959 -- August 13, 2008) was an American politician who served as the State Chair of the Democratic Party of Arkansas.	Bill Gwatney	Democratic Party
member of political party	Edward Yum Liang-Hsien (Chinese: 任亮憲; pinyin: Rén Liàngxiàn; born 1979) is a member of the Hong Kong pro-democracy camp People Power.	Edward Yum	People Power
member of political party	Abdelkader Aamara (Arabic: عبد القادر ٱعمارة‎ - born 28 January 1962, in Bouarfa) is a Moroccan politician of the Justice and Development Party.	Abdelkader Aamara	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	Nannapaneni Rajakumari (born October 9, 1948) is an Indian politician and Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader.	Nannapaneni Rajakumari	Telugu Desam Party
member of political party	Helmuth Friedrichs (born 22 September 1899 in Otterndorf - died probably February 1945) was a German Nazi Party official.	Helmuth Friedrichs	Nazi Party
member of political party	Alfred Wunderlich (29 December 1901, Dresden - 21 May 1963) was a German politician of the National Democratic Party of Germany (East Germany).	Alfred Wunderlich	National Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Petr Duchoň (born 6 September 1956 in Brno) is a Czech politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Civic Democratic Party, part of the European Democrats and is vice-chair of the European Parliament's Committee on Budgetary Control and its Committee on Transport and Tourism.	Petr Duchoň	Civic Democratic Party
member of political party	Abdeladim El Guerrouj (Arabic: عبد العظيم الݣروج‎ - born 1972, Berkane) is a Moroccan politician of the Popular Movement.	Abdeladim El Guerrouj	Popular Movement
member of political party	Li Changchun (born February 1944) is a retired Chinese politician and a former major leader of the Communist Party of China.	Li Changchun	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Ted Merriman, S.V.M., is a Canadian politician and member of the Saskatchewan Party.	Ted Merriman	Saskatchewan Party
member of political party	Lieutenant-Colonel Kenneth Robert Balfour (1863 -- 7 September 1936) was a British Conservative Party politician.	Kenneth Robert Balfour	Conservative Party
member of political party	A. J. Spiker serves as an adviser to RandPAC and is a former State Chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa (RPI).	A. J. Spiker	Republican Party
member of political party	Matthew W. Milam (born September 18, 1961) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8, 2008, representing the 1st Legislative District until he resigned on March 1, 2013.	Matthew W. Milam	Democratic Party
member of political party	Arvid Gjengedal (born 19 July 1943) is a Norwegian educationalist and politician for the Conservative Party.	Arvid Gjengedal	Conservative Party
member of political party	Duncan McNeil (born 7 September 1950, Greenock) is a Scottish Labour Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Greenock and Inverclyde.	Duncan McNeil	Scottish Labour Party
member of political party	Beverly Fawell (September 17, 1930 -- June 22, 2013) was an Illinois politician from Glen Ellyn, part of a family prominent in the Republican Party in Du Page County, Illinois (her brother-in-law was Congressman Harris Fawell).	Beverly Fawell	Republican Party
member of political party	Tom Burpee (born 1885 or 1886) was elected the first leader of the Communist Party of Canada in May 1921.	Tom Burpee	Communist Party of Canada
member of political party	Bijendra Singh (born 25 December 1956) is an Indian politician.He stood for the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the Indian National Congress ticket and had been a Member of Parliament from Aligarh.	Bijendra Singh	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Jayashree Banerjee (1938- ) is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Madhya Pradesh.	Jayashree Banerjee	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Sanjeev Balyan is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections, 2014 from the Muzaffarnagar (Lok Sabha constituency).	Sanjeev Balyan	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Abdessamad Qaiouh (also Abdessamed Kayouh, Arabic: عبد الصمد قيوح‎ - born 11 April 1966, Oulad Teima) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party.	Abdessamad Qaiouh	Istiqlal Party
member of political party	Francisco Sanz Fernández (Valencia, Spain, 1952) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Francisco Sanz Fernández	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Jenny Mikakos (born 25 January 1969) is an Australian politician for the Australian Labor Party.	Jenny Mikakos	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Ketil Solvik-Olsen (born 14 February 1972) is a Norwegian politician who has been Minister of Transport and Communications in the Solberg cabinet and second deputy leader of the Progress Party since 2013.	Ketil Solvik-Olsen	Progress Party
member of political party	Alfonso Durazo Montaño (born 11 July 1954) is a Mexican politician and was member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who served as chief spokesman and private secretary of President Vicente Fox.	Alfonso Durazo	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Thomas J. Lynch, Jr. was an American Democratic Party politician from Middletown Township, New Jersey, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders.	Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.	Democratic Party
member of political party	Peggy Farrell (15 November 1920 -- 17 January 2003) was an Irish businesswoman who came to prominence through the Irish Countrywomen's Association and had a brief career as a Fianna Fáil politician in Ireland.	Peggy Farrell	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Tom Parlon (born 19 August 1953) is a former Irish Progressive Democrats politician.	Tom Parlon	Progressive Democrats
member of political party	Ivan Black (6 July 1913 -- 8 July 1990) was an Australian politician and a member of the Liberal Party.	Ivan Black	Liberal Party
member of political party	Pt. Shri Ram Nagina Mishra is a former member of Lok Sabha and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party.	Ram Nagina Mishra	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Line Henriette Holten Hjemdal (born 18 October 1971 in Sarpsborg) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party and 5th Vice President of the Storting.	Line Henriette Holten Hjemdal	Christian Democratic Party
military branch	Jon M. Davis is a United States Marine Corps Lieutenant General currently serving as the Deputy Commandant for Aviation.	Jon M. Davis	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Tad J. Oelstrom (born February 14, 1943) is a retired United States Air Force Lieutenant General who now serves as the Director of the National Security Program at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University.	Tad J. Oelstrom	United States Air Force
military branch	Lieutenant General Russell C. Davis (born October 22, 1938) was a United States Air Force Lieutenant General who served as commander of the District of Columbia National Guard and Chief of the National Guard Bureau.	Russell C. Davis	United States Air Force
military branch	Gottfried Blocklinger was a Rear-admiral in the United States Navy;	Gottfried Blocklinger	United States Navy
military branch	Bernhard Jope (10 May 1914 -- 31 July 1995) was a German World War II Luftwaffe bomber pilot.	Bernhard Jope	Luftwaffe
military branch	Lieutenant-General William Barrell (died 9 August 1749) was an officer of the British Army.	William Barrell	British Army
military branch	The 1st Gibraltar Brigade was a British Army unit created in 1941 as a fortress brigade on Gibraltar.	1st Gibraltar Brigade	British Army
military branch	Sir Philip King Enright (4 August 1894--29 September 1960) was a British admiral of the Royal Navy, who served during World War II.	Philip King Enright	Royal Navy
military branch	Fanny Jacovkis, better known as Fanny Edelman (27 February 1911 -- 1 November 2011) was an Argentine politician that was part of the International Brigades in defense of the Second Spanish Republic.	Fanny Edelman	International Brigades
military branch	The King's Division is a British Army command, training and administrative apparatus designated for infantry regiments in the North of England.	King's Division	British Army
military branch	The Lincolnshire County Division was a formation of the British Army, formed in World War II on 24 February 1941; however, it did not become operational until 27 March.	Lincolnshire County Division	British Army
military branch	The 3rd Battalion, Parachute Regiment (3 PARA), is a battalion sized formation of the British Army's Parachute Regiment and is a subordinate unit within 16 Air Assault Brigade.	3rd Battalion, Parachute Regiment	British Army
military branch	William J. Evans (March 4, 1924 -- December 12, 2000) is a former General in the United States Air Force and the former commander of Allied Air Forces Central Europe.	William J. Evans	United States Air Force
military branch	Major Sir Robert Lister Bower KBE CMG KPM (12 August 1860 -- 13 June 1929) was a British Army, colonial and police officer who served as Chief Constable of the North Riding of Yorkshire Constabulary from 1898 until his death in 1929.	Robert Lister Bower	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir William Beauchamp-Proctor, 3rd Baronet (14 October 1781 -- 14 March 1861) was an officer in the British Royal Navy, who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	William Beauchamp-Proctor	Royal Navy
military branch	Coxswain Patrick Colbert (1842 to January 19, 1877) was an Irish soldier who served in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.	Patrick Colbert	United States Navy
military branch	Rino Corso Fougier (14 November 1894 -- 24 April 1963) was a Regia Aeronautica (Italian Royal Air Force) general.	Rino Corso Fougier	Regia Aeronautica
military branch	Jack L. Rives (born 1952) is the Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer of the American Bar Association, and a former TJAG (``The Judge Advocate General'') of the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General's Corps.	Jack L. Rives	United States Air Force
military branch	Jesse Whitfield Covington (September 16, 1889 -- November 21, 1966) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy during World War I who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Jesse Whitfield Covington	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-Colonel Sir John Norton-Griffiths, 1st Baronet, KCB, DSO (13 July 1871 -- 27 September 1930) was an engineer, British Army officer during the Second Boer War and the First World War, and later a Member of Parliament.	John Norton-Griffiths	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir Robert Moorsom KCB (8 June 1760 -- 14 April 1835) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence, the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Robert Moorsom	Royal Navy
military branch	Major General Joseph Maria Gordon CB (18 March 1856 -- 6 September 1929), was an officer in the British Army, later holding the position of Commandant of the South Australian Military Forces and serving in the Second Boer War in South Africa.	Joseph Maria Gordon	British Army
military branch	Earl T. Ricks (July 9, 1908 -- January 4, 1954) was a United States Air Force Major General who served as Chief of the Air Force Division at the National Guard Bureau and acting Chief of the National Guard Bureau.	Earl T. Ricks	United States Air Force
military branch	Arthur Forbes Gordon Kilby VC MC (3 February 1885 -- 25 September 1915) was an English officer in the British Army during the First World War, and recipient of the Victoria Cross.	Arthur Forbes Gordon Kilby	British Army
military branch	The 57th (2nd West Lancashire) Division was an infantry formation of the Territorial Force created in 1914 as part of the massive expansion of the British Army during the First World War.	57th (2nd West Lancashire) Division	British Army
military branch	Frederick Muller (March 29, 1861 -- June 9, 1946) was a sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	Frederick Muller	United States Navy
military branch	Dooitze Eelkes Hinxt (c. 1741 -- 20 October 1797) was a Dutch navy officer.	Dooitze Eelkes Hinxt	navy
military branch	Sumner Ely Wetmore Kittelle (June 14, 1867 -- December 29, 1950) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy and a veteran of the Spanish--	Sumner Ely Wetmore Kittelle	United States Navy
military branch	1st Battalion 1st Marines (1/1) is an infantry battalion in the United States Marine Corps based out of Camp Pendleton, California consisting of anywhere from 800 to 2,000 Marines and Sailors, but the number fluctuates depending on the Battalion's mission.	1st Battalion 1st Marines	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Lieutenant General Sir James Frederick Lyon, KCB GCH (1775--1842) was an officer of the British Army and Governor of Barbados.	James Frederick Lyon	British Army
military branch	Howard E. Wasdin (born Howard E. Wilbanks on November 8, 1961) is a former member of the United States Navy who served as a sailor in the Atlantic Fleet as well as a Navy SEAL.	Howard E. Wasdin	United States Navy
military branch	Oscar Schmidt, Jr. (March 25, 1896 -- March 24, 1973) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in World War I.	Oscar Schmidt, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	John Mansel (1729--1794) was a British Army cavalry general killed at the Battle of Beaumont.	John Mansel	British Army
military branch	Sir David Dumbreck KCB (1805--1876) was a British Army medical officer.	David Dumbreck	British Army
military branch	The Northern Fleet (Russian: Северный флот, Severnyy Flot; named Red Banner Northern Fleet in Soviet time) is a unit of the Russian Navy responsible for the defense of northwestern Russia.	Northern Fleet	Russian Navy
military branch	Captain Tobias Furneaux (21 August 1735 -- 18 September 1781) was an English navigator and Royal Navy officer, who accompanied James Cook on his second voyage of exploration.	Tobias Furneaux	Royal Navy
military branch	45 Commando Royal Marines (pronounced ``four-five commando'') is a battalion sized unit of the British Royal Marines and subordinate unit within 3 Commando Brigade Royal Marines, the principal Commando formation, under the Operational Command of Commander in Chief Fleet.	45 Commando	Royal Marines
military branch	Hans-Joachim Marseille (13 December 1919 -- 30 September 1942; German pronunciation: (hants joˈaχɪm mɑrˈseɪ)) was a Luftwaffe fighter pilot and flying ace during World War II. He is noted for his aerial battles during the North African Campaign and his Bohemian lifestyle.	Hans-Joachim Marseille	Luftwaffe
military branch	Edmund P. Kennedy (c.1785 -- 28 March 1844) was an officer in the United States Navy and became the first commander-in-chief of the East India Squadron.	Edmund P. Kennedy	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir William Lowther Grant, KCB (1864 -- 30 January 1929) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander-in-Chief, North America and West Indies Station.	William Lowther Grant	Royal Navy
military branch	Major Frederick Augustus Griffiths (d. 1869) was an officer of the British Army and military writer.	Frederick Augustus Griffiths	British Army
military branch	Peter Pace (born November 5, 1945) is a former United States Marine Corps general who served as the 16th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.	Peter Pace	United States Marine Corps
military branch	The Worcestershire Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the line in the British Army, formed in 1881 under the Childers Reforms by the amalgamation of the 29th (Worcestershire) Regiment of Foot and the 36th (Herefordshire) Regiment of Foot.	Worcestershire Regiment	British Army
military branch	Captain George Miller Bligh (1780--1834) was an officer of the Royal Navy, who saw service during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Captain.	George Miller Bligh	Royal Navy
military branch	The 142nd (6th London) Brigade (142 Bde) was an infantry brigade of the Territorial Army, part of the British Army, that served in World War I and in World War II remained in the United Kingdom throughout the war.	142nd (6th London) Brigade	British Army
military branch	Major General Thomas Staunton St Clair, KH (1785 -- 1846) was a British Army officer known for his water-colour paintings which recorded British colonies in Gibraltar.	Thomas Staunton St Clair	British Army
military branch	Francis Mallory was born in Elizabeth City County, Virginia, attended Hampton Academy and was appointed midshipman in the United States Navy where he served in 1822--1828.	Francis Mallory	United States Navy
military branch	Elisha Hunt Rhodes (March 21, 1842 -- January 14, 1917) was an American soldier who served in the Union Army of the Potomac for the entire duration of the American Civil War, rising from corporal to colonel of his regiment by war's end.	Elisha Hunt Rhodes	Union Army
military branch	The 29th (Worcestershire) Regiment of Foot was, from 1694 to 1881, an infantry regiment of the British Army.	29th (Worcestershire) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Kathlene Contres (born July 13, 1955), is a former United States Navy captain who was the ranking female Hispanic American line officer on active duty.	Kathlene Contres	United States Navy
military branch	Frank Sweigart is a former officer in the United States Navy.	Frank Sweigart	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Henry Harvey, KB (July 1743 -- 28 December 1810) was a long-serving officer of the British Royal Navy during the second half of the eighteenth century.	Henry Harvey	Royal Navy
military branch	Major-General Alexander Vass Anderson CB CMG MBE (17 November 1895 -- 17 October 1963) was a senior British Army officer of the Second World War.	Alexander Vass Anderson	British Army
military branch	Richard Lestock (22 February 1679 -- 17 December 1746) was an officer in the Royal Navy, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral.	Richard Lestock	Royal Navy
military branch	Joseph Williams Vance, Jr. (December 4, 1918 -- August 8, 1942) was an officer in the United States Navy decorated for action in the Battle of Makassar Strait during World War II.	Joseph Williams Vance, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	Helmut Lipfert (6 August 1916 -- 10 August 1990) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Helmut Lipfert	Luftwaffe
military branch	Admiral of the Fleet William Peere Williams-Freeman (6 January 1742 -- 11 February 1832) (born William Peere Williams) was an officer in the Royal Navy.	William Peere Williams-Freeman	Royal Navy
military branch	The 104th Regiment of Foot (King's Volunteers) was a short-lived infantry regiment of the British Army active during the Seven Years' War.	104th Regiment of Foot (King's Volunteers)	British Army
military branch	The 157th (Highland Light Infantry) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army.	157th (Highland Light Infantry) Brigade	British Army
military branch	General Sir Henry Frederick Campbell, KCB, GCH (10 July 1769 -- 3 September 1856) was a soldier of the British Army.	Henry Frederick Campbell	British Army
military branch	General Stanisław Targosz (23 July 1948, Jaroszów, Poland -- 4 August 2013, Grodzisk Mazowiecki, Poland) was a Polish general who was the commanding officer of the Polish Air Force.	Stanisław Targosz	Polish Air Force
military branch	The 10th Royal Hussars (Prince of Wales's Own) was a cavalry regiment of the British Army from 1715 to 1969.	10th Royal Hussars	British Army
military branch	Mark P. Fitzgerald (born 1951) is a retired United States Navy admiral.	Mark P. Fitzgerald	United States Navy
military branch	George Barnett (December 9, 1859 -- April 27, 1930) was the 12th Commandant of the United States Marine Corps.	George Barnett	United States Marine Corps
named after	A Leyden jar, or Leiden jar, is a device that ``stores'' static electricity between two electrodes on the inside and outside of a glass jar.	Leyden jar	Leiden
named after	In topology, a branch of mathematics, Borel's theorem, due to Armand Borel, says the cohomology ring of a classifying space or a classifying stack is a polynomial ring.	Borel's theorem	Armand Borel
named after	Originally called Csatád, in 1926 the village was renamed Lenauheim after the poet Nikolaus Lenau who was born here.	Lenauheim	Nikolaus Lenau
named after	The Baruch Plan was a proposal by the United States government, written largely by Bernard Baruch but based on the Acheson--	Baruch Plan	Bernard Baruch
named after	The Milgram experiment on obedience to authority figures was a series of social psychology experiments conducted by Yale University psychologist Stanley Milgram.	Milgram experiment	Stanley Milgram
named after	The Tversky index, named after Amos Tversky, is an asymmetric similarity measure on sets that compares a variant to a prototype.	Tversky index	Amos Tversky
named after	Chancery Lane takes its name from the historic High Court of Chancery, which started its association with the area when Robert de Chesney, the Bishop of Lincoln acquired the 'old Temple' in 1161.	Chancery Lane	Court of Chancery
named after	Berborite is a beryllium borate mineral with the chemical formula Be2(BO3)(OH,F)	Berborite	beryllium borate
named after	The Place d'Italie takes its name from its proximity to the Avenue d'Italie, which, traditionally, has been the point of departure on the road that links Paris and Italy, a route now called the RN7 (Route nationale 7).	Place d'Italie	Italy
named after	The Gould transcontinental system was a system of railroads assembled by George Jay Gould I and the Fuller Syndicate in the early 1900s.	Gould transcontinental system	George Jay Gould I
named after	Pelagosite is a form of pisolitic aragonite (CaCO3) whose type locality is the Croatian island group of Palagruža (Italian Pelagosa, whence the name) in the middle of the Adriatic.	Pelagosite	Palagruža
named after	The Prix Dentan is a Swiss literary award, specifically of the canton of Vaud, created in 1984 and named for Professor Michel Dentan.	Prix Dentan	Michel Dentan
named after	Freivalds' algorithm (named after Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds) is a probabilistic randomized algorithm used to verify matrix multiplication.	Freivalds' algorithm	Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds
named after	Quartier Concordia is a neighbourhood redevelopment project centred on Concordia University's Sir George Williams campus in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Quartier Concordia	Concordia University
named after	Heraklion International Airport, ``Nikos Kazantzakis'' (IATA: HER, ICAO: LGIR) is the primary airport on the island of Crete, Greece, and the country's second busiest airport after Athens International Airport.	Heraklion International Airport	Nikos Kazantzakis
named after	51826 Kalpanachawla (2001 OB34) is an asteroid named for Indian-born astronaut Kalpana Chawla, who was killed in the STS-107 (Columbia) space shuttle reentry disaster on February 1, 2003.	51826 Kalpanachawla	Kalpana Chawla
named after	The Kapp Putsch, also known as the Kapp-Lüttwitz Putsch after its leaders Wolfgang Kapp and Walther von Lüttwitz, was an attempted coup on 13 March 1920 which aimed to undo the German Revolution of 1918--1919, overthrow the Weimar Republic and establish a right-wing autocratic government in its place.	Kapp Putsch	Wolfgang Kapp
named after	In mathematical logic, Goodstein's theorem is a statement about the natural numbers, proved by Reuben Goodstein in 1944, which states that every Goodstein sequence eventually terminates at 0.	Goodstein's theorem	Reuben Goodstein
named after	The Leo-Baeck-Medal has been awarded since 1978 by the Leo Baeck Institute of New York and is given for special efforts in German-Jewish reconciliation.	Leo-Baeck-Medal	Leo Baeck
named after	In number theory, the Erdős arcsine law, named after Paul Erdős, states that the prime divisors of a number have a distribution related to the arcsine distribution.	Erdős arcsine law	Paul Erdős
named after	Barnaul Airport is named after Soviet cosmonaut Gherman Titov, an Altai Krai native who was the second human being (after Yuri Gagarin) to visit outer space.	Barnaul Airport	Gherman Titov
named after	Neumayer-Station III, also known as Neumayer III after geophysicist Georg von Neumayer, is a German Antarctic research station of the Alfred-Wegener-Institut.	Neumayer-Station III	Georg von Neumayer
named after	The Foucault pendulum (English pronunciation: /fuːˈkoʊ/ foo-KOH; French pronunciation: ​(fuˈko)), or Foucault's pendulum, named after the French physicist Léon Foucault, is a simple device conceived as an experiment to demonstrate the rotation of the Earth.	Foucault pendulum	Léon Foucault
named after	The Pierre Laporte Bridge (French: Pont Pierre-Laporte) is the longest main span suspension bridge in Canada.	Pierre Laporte Bridge	Pierre-Laporte
named after	D'Holbach's Coterie (la coterie holbachique was the phrase coined by Jean-Jacques Rousseau) was a group of radical French Enlightenment thinkers who met regularly at the salon of the atheist philosophe Baron d'Holbach in the years approximately 1750--1780.	D'Holbach's Coterie	Baron d'Holbach
named after	The Rolf Nevanlinna Prize (named in honor of Rolf Nevanlinna) is awarded once every 4 years at the International Congress of Mathematicians, for outstanding contributions in Mathematical Aspects of Information Sciences including:	Nevanlinna Prize	Rolf Nevanlinna
named after	Nicotine is named after the tobacco plant Nicotiana tabacum, which in turn is named after the French ambassador in Portugal, Jean Nicot de Villemain, who sent tobacco and seeds to Paris in 1560, presented to the French King, and who promoted their medicinal use.	Nicotine	Jean Nicot
named after	USS Puffer (SSN-652), a Sturgeon-class attack submarine, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the pufferfish, a fish which inflates its body with air.	USS Puffer (SSN-652)	pufferfish
named after	The Order of Nakhimov (Russian: ``Орден Нахимова'') is a military decoration of the Russian Federation named in honour of Russian admiral Pavel Nakhimov (1802 - 1855) and bestowed to naval officers for outstanding military leadership.	Order of Nakhimov	Pavel Nakhimov
named after	The name Coevorden means ``cow ford(s)'' or ``cow crossing'', similar to Bosporus or Oxford.	Coevorden	cow
named after	Causa Guttenberg refers to the German political affair that led to the resignation of Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg as Minister of Defence of Germany on 1 March 2011.	Causa Guttenberg	Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg
named after	In geometry, a Wythoff construction, named after mathematician Willem Abraham Wythoff, is a method for constructing a uniform polyhedron or plane tiling.	Wythoff construction	Willem Abraham Wythoff
named after	In mathematics, the Crofton formula, named after Morgan Crofton (1826--1915), is a classic result of integral geometry relating the length of a curve to the expected number of times a ``random'' line intersects it.	Crofton formula	Morgan Crofton
named after	The Levi-Civita connection is named after Tullio Levi-Civita, although originally ``discovered'' by Elwin Bruno Christoffel.	Levi-Civita connection	Tullio Levi-Civita
named after	USS America (LHA-6), the fourth American warship to be named for the United States of America, is the first of the America-class amphibious assault ships for the U.S. Navy.	USS America (LHA-6)	United States of America
named after	The Barlow lens, named after Peter Barlow, is a diverging lens which, used in series with other optics in an optical system, increases the effective focal length of an optical system as perceived by all components that are after it in the system.	Barlow lens	Peter Barlow
named after	Sufnersee is a reservoir between Splügen and Sufers on the Hinterrhein river in the Grisons, Switzerland.	Sufnersee	Sufers
named after	The Dithmarscher Eiderwatt, officially the Dithmarscher Eidervorland mit Watt (``Dittmarschen Eider Foreland and Watt''), is a nature reserve in the districts of Dithmarschen and Nordfriesland in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Dithmarscher Eiderwatt	Dithmarschen
named after	Amstrad was founded in 1968 by Alan Sugar at the age of 21.	Amstrad	Alan Sugar
named after	Dunite was named by the German geologist, Ferdinand von Hochstetter in 1859 after Dun Mountain near Nelson, New Zealand.	Dunite	Dun Mountain
named after	Heyting algebras were introduced by Arend Heyting (1930) to formalize intuitionistic logic.	Heyting algebra	Arend Heyting
named after	The village and port are named after the legendary Jakh Botera who were shipwrecked on the Kutch coast and came ashore at Jakhau.	Jakhau	Jakh Botera
named after	The Bezold effect is an optical illusion, named after a German professor of meteorology, Wilhelm von Bezold (1837--1907), who discovered that a color may appear different depending on its relation to adjacent colors.	Bezold effect	Wilhelm von Bezold
named after	Sant'Andrea delle Fratte is a 17th-century basilica church in Rome, Italy, dedicated to St. Andrew.	Sant'Andrea delle Fratte	Andrew
named after	Eemshaven (Dutch pronunciation: (eːmsˈɦaːvə(n)); English: Ems Harbor) is a seaport in the province of Groningen in the north of the Netherlands.	Eemshaven	Ems
named after	In 1957, it was renamed Beruniy in honor of the scholar and polymath Abū Rayḥān al-Bīrūnī who was born and raised in the town.	Beruniy	Abū Rayḥān al-Bīrūnī
named after	The Bagnold number (Ba) is the ratio of grain collision stresses to viscous fluid stresses in a granular flow with interstitial Newtonian fluid, first identified by Ralph Alger Bagnold.	Bagnold number	Ralph Alger Bagnold
original network	Telephone Time is an American anthology drama series that aired on CBS in 1956, and on ABC from 1957 to 1958.	Telephone Time	CBS
original network	The Voice of China (Chinese: 中国好声音; pinyin: Zhōngguó Hǎo Shēngyīn) is a Chinese reality talent show that premiered on 13 July 2012 on Zhejiang Television channel of the ZRTG network sponsored by Jiaduobao.	The Voice of China	Zhejiang Television
original network	Somos familia (Spanish: We are family) is a 2014 Argentine telenovela aired by Telefe.	Somos familia	Telefe
original network	The Wright Way is a British television sitcom written by Ben Elton which aired on BBC One in April--	The Wright Way	BBC One
original network	Angélica, mi vida, is an American telenovela created and produced by Telemundo and Ángel del Cerro in 1988, in cooperation with Capitalvision International Corporation.	Angélica, mi vida	Telemundo
original network	Big Girl's Blouse is an Australian skit program that aired in the mid-1990s on the Seven Network.	Big Girl's Blouse	Seven Network
original network	Tales from Pleasure Beach is a British television drama series first broadcast on BBC Two in 2001.	Tales from Pleasure Beach	BBC Two
original network	Brutally Normal is an American television sitcom that starred Mike Damus which aired on The WB.	Brutally Normal	The WB
original network	The Betty White Show is an American sitcom which aired on CBS from September 12, 1977, to January 2, 1978.	The Betty White Show	CBS
original network	Mind Your Language is a British comedy television series that premiered on ITV in late 1977.	Mind Your Language	ITV
original network	Blue Mountain State is an American comedy series that premiered on Spike on January 11, 2010.	Blue Mountain State	Spike
original network	The World's Most Dangerous Magic was the title of two American television specials showcasing illusion and escapology acts, which were made for the NBC network.	The World's Most Dangerous Magic	NBC
original network	Sin código (Spanish: Without rules) was an Argentine telenovela that aired from 2004 to 2006 on the El Trece television network.	Sin código	El Trece
original network	Country Joy is a Canadian soap opera television series which aired on CBC Television from 1979 to 1980.	Country Joy	CBC Television
original network	BrainSurge is an American children's game show aired on Nickelodeon hosted by Jeff Sutphen.	BrainSurge	Nickelodeon
original network	Cheias de Charme (Sparkling Girls) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo.	Cheias de Charme	Rede Globo
original network	The Jeffersons is an American sitcom that was broadcast on CBS from January 18, 1975, through July 2, 1985, lasting 11 seasons and a total of 253 episodes.	The Jeffersons	CBS
original network	Kotikatu is a Finnish drama television series which aired on Yle TV1 from August 24, 1995 to December 7, 2012.	Kotikatu	Yle TV1
original network	Commesse (Orders) is an Italian television comedy series directed by Giorgio Capitani and broadcast by Rai 1 between 1999 and 2002.	Commesse	Rai 1
original network	Wild Kingdom was first broadcast by NBC.	Wild Kingdom	NBC
original network	Frontier Theatre was an early American weekly television film series, featuring Westerns, that aired on the now defunct DuMont Television Network.	Frontier Theatre	DuMont Television Network
original network	Whale Wars is a weekly American documentary-style reality television series that premiered on November 7, 2008 on the Animal Planet cable channel.	Whale Wars	Animal Planet
original network	Friends Like These was a British game show that was broadcast on BBC One first as a pilot on 6 November 1999 and then as a full series from 12 February 2000 until 20 September 2003.	Friends Like These	BBC One
original network	Good Times is an American sitcom that originally aired from February 8, 1974, until August 1, 1979, on CBS.	Good Times	CBS
original network	Court of Opinions is one of the first Canadian panel discussion television series, airing on CBC Television in 1952.	Court of Opinions	CBC Television
original network	American Dream Builders is an American home improvement reality competition that premiered on NBC on March 23, 2014.	American Dream Builders	NBC
original network	Throwdown! with Bobby Flay is a Food Network television program in which celebrity chef Bobby Flay challenges cooks renowned for a specific dish or type of cooking to a cook-off of their signature dish.	Throwdown! with Bobby Flay	Food Network
original network	Adelheid und ihre Mörder (Adelheid and Her Murderers) was a German comedy-drama television series broadcast between 1993 and 2007 by Das Erste.	Adelheid und ihre Mörder	Das Erste
original network	Generator Rex is an American science fiction ``nanopunk'' action animated television series created by Man of Action Studios for Cartoon Network.	Generator Rex	Cartoon Network
original network	In the Story Book is a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1956 to 1957.	In the Story Book	CBC Television
original network	Manswers (styled MANswers) was a late night comedy series that premiered on Spike on September 19, 2007.	Manswers	Spike
original network	Mad for It is a British game show for children which was produced by Carlton Television broadcast on CITV from 2 September 1998 to 31 March 2000.	Mad for It	CITV
original network	Jjhoom India is a musical reality show that airs on Sahara One channel, starting from October 27, 2007.	Jjhoom India	Sahara One
original network	Viral Tap is a British television comedy panel game shown on ITV2 which ran from 27 April to 15 June 2014.	Viral Tap	ITV2
original network	King Cole's Birthday Party (also known as Birthday Party) was an early American children's television series which aired on the DuMont Television Network.	King Cole's Birthday Party	DuMont Television Network
original network	The Super League Show is the BBC's principal rugby league programme, shown on BBC One in the North of England on Monday evenings, repeated nationally on BBC Two (except Wales and Northern Ireland) on Tuesday lunchtimes and also on the BBC website and BBC iPlayer.	Super League Show	BBC One
original network	Sanjha (Urdu: سنجها‎) is a Hum TV drama which started airing on 17 November 2011.	Sanjha	Hum TV
original network	ESPN College Football on ABC is the branding used for broadcasts of NCAA Division I FBS college football games that are produced by ESPN, and televised on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States.	ESPN College Football on ABC	American Broadcasting Company
original network	Law of the Plainsman is a Western television series starring Michael Ansara that aired on the NBC television network from October 1, 1959, until May 5, 1960.	Law of the Plainsman	NBC
original network	Sana Maulit Muli (lit. I Wish It Could Happen Again) is a Filipino primetime soap opera produced by ABS-CBN.	Sana Maulit Muli	ABS-CBN
original network	Brave Family (Hangul: 용감한 가족), is a South Korean reality-variety show that airs on KBS2 beginning 23 January 2015 and estimated to air a total of 10 episode.	Brave Family	KBS2
original network	Chic-a-Go-Go is a public-access television cable television children's dance show that airs on Chicago Access Network Television (CAN-TV).	Chic-a-Go-Go	Chicago Access Network Television
original network	Nick News with Linda Ellerbee (sometimes shortened to Nick News) is an educational children's and teenagers' television show on Nickelodeon that was shown from 1992 to 2015.	Nick News with Linda Ellerbee	Nickelodeon
original network	In 1999 Bagpuss topped a BBC poll for the UK's favourite children's TV programme.	Bagpuss	BBC
original network	Early Start is a hard news morning television show on CNN anchored by John Berman and Christine Romans.	Early Start	CNN
original network	Los 10+ Pedidos (Pronounced as Los Diez Mas Pedidos (English: The 10 Most Requested)) is a television show broadcast on MTV in Latin America.	Los 10+ Pedidos	MTV
original network	Pandey Aur Pandey is an Indian ``Bollywood music'' countdown show with a theme of a sitcom on Zee TV, first broadcast in December 2006.	Pandey Aur Pandey	Zee TV
original network	Valemont is a supernatural American television miniseries on MTV that premiered on September 21, 2009.	Valemont	MTV
original network	Squawk Box is a business news television program that airs at breakfast time on the CNBC network.	Squawk Box	CNBC
original network	Winnetka Road is an American television drama which premiered on NBC on March 12, 1994, and concluded on April 16, 1994 after six episodes.	Winnetka Road	NBC
original network	Jim Henson's Creature Shop Challenge is an American reality television game show on the Syfy cable network.	Jim Henson's Creature Shop Challenge	Syfy
original network	The Flip Wilson Show was an hour-long variety show that aired in the U.S. on NBC from September 17, 1970 to June 27, 1974.	The Flip Wilson Show	NBC
original network	Now You See It... is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie.	Now You See It...	Disney Channel
original network	Les Brillant was a French language Canadian sitcom that aired on TVA for three seasons between 1979 and 1982.	Les Brillant	TVA
original network	Street Doctor is a prime-time health series which was first shown in January 2007 on BBC One television.	Street Doctor	BBC One
original network	Homes Under the Hammer is a British factual renovation and auction series that originally screened on BBC One as part of the BBC's morning television schedule, the series has been running since 2003.	Homes Under the Hammer	BBC One
original network	Comedy Feeds is a comedy series featured on BBC Three since 2014.	Comedy Feeds	BBC Three
original network	DuPont Show of the Month is an acclaimed 90-minute television anthology series that aired monthly on CBS from 1957 to 1961.	DuPont Show of the Month	CBS
original network	Real Time with Bill Maher is a talk show that airs weekly on HBO, hosted by comedian and political satirist Bill Maher.	Real Time with Bill Maher	HBO
original network	Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane is an American teen sitcom starring Selma Blair, David Moscow, Michael Rosenbaum, and Azura Skye that premiered in 1999 on The WB network (now known as CW).	Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane	The WB
original network	Séptimo día first aired in 1996 on Canal Uno, when Caracol TV was still a production company.	Séptimo día	Canal Uno
original network	Koinonia Ora Mega (English: Community Time MEGA) is a Greek morning show that airs on Mega Channel in 2005 every Monday to Friday at 7am to 10am, and presented by Giorgos Oikonomeas and Dimitris Kampourakis.	Koinonia Ora Mega	Mega Channel
original network	CNN Today is a global news program on CNN International aimed as a morning show for Asia.	CNN Today	CNN International
original network	Nya tider (``New Times'') was a soap opera the Swedish channel TV4 started after Skilda världar became a one episode a week show.	Nya tider	TV4
original network	Dad Camp is a reality TV show on VH1.	Dad Camp	VH1
original network	In Plain Sight is an American dramatic television series on USA Network.	In Plain Sight	USA Network
original network	Sam & Cat is an American teen sitcom that originally aired from June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014, on Nickelodeon.	Sam & Cat	Nickelodeon
original network	Dumped is a British reality television programme which started on 2 September 2007 and aired nightly until 5 September 2007 on Channel 4.	Dumped	Channel 4
original network	Til Debt Do Us Part is a Canadian television series produced by Frantic Films for Slice in Canada, Zone Reality in the United Kingdom and AmericanLife TV Network and CNBC in the USA.	Til Debt Do Us Part	Slice
original network	You Don't Say! began as a local series on Los Angeles station KTLA in November 1962 with Jack Barry, still in exile from the networks in the wake of the 1950s quiz show scandals, as host.	You Don't Say!	KTLA
original network	What the Future is a documentary television series dealing with the latest technology hosted by Warren Kimmel airing on CNBC.	What the Future	CNBC
original network	Bobby Jones Gospel (sometimes called The Bobby Jones Gospel Hour) is a program on Black Entertainment Television hosted by Dr. Bobby Jones airing Sunday mornings at 9:00E/8:00C.	Bobby Jones Gospel	Black Entertainment Television
original network	Solhah Singaarr is a Hindi serial that airs on Sahara One channel.	Solhah Singaarr	Sahara One
original network	The Nightmare Room is an American children's anthology horror series that aired on Kids' WB.	The Nightmare Room	Kids' WB
original network	Star Maidens is a British-German science-fiction television series made by Portman Productions for the ITV network.	Star Maidens	ITV
original network	Chancer is a British television serial produced by Central Television for ITV.	Chancer	ITV
original network	Kobieta na krańcu świata (Eng. Woman At the End Of the World ) is a Polish documentary television series broadcast on TVN.	Kobieta na krańcu świata	TVN
original network	Surprise Chef was an Australian cooking television show that was broadcast on the Seven Network from 2001 to 2003.	Surprise Chef	Seven Network
original network	As the World Turns (often referred to as ATWT) is an American television soap opera that aired on CBS for 54 years from April 2, 1956 to September 17, 2010.	As the World Turns	CBS
original network	Ennu Swantham Koottukari is an Indian Malayalam television series which launched on Mazhavil Manorama.	Ennu Swantham Koottukari	Mazhavil Manorama
original network	The Adventures of Hiram Holliday is an American adventure sitcom that aired on NBC from October 3, 1956 to February 27, 1957.	The Adventures of Hiram Holliday	NBC
original network	The King of Queens is an American sitcom that originally ran on CBS from September 21, 1998, to May 14, 2007.	The King of Queens	CBS
original network	It's Garry Shandling's Show is an American sitcom which was initially broadcast on Showtime from 1986 to 1990.	It's Garry Shandling's Show	Showtime
original network	The Last Precinct is an American comedy series that aired on NBC from January to May 1986 on Friday Night at 9:00pm.	The Last Precinct	NBC
original network	Business Insiders is a business news talk show aired weekdays from 6 to 6:30 PM ET on CNBC until c. 1997.	Business Insiders	CNBC
original network	Tour the World is an Australian travel and infotainment television series that aired for three seasons on Network Ten, One, 4ME and Foxtel Aurora.	Tour the World	Network Ten
original network	Time for Reflection was an early American television program that aired on the DuMont Television Network on Sunday evenings from April 30, 1950 to January 14, 1951.	Time for Reflection	DuMont Television Network
original network	Charlie & Co. (also known as Charlie & Company) is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 18, 1985 to May 16, 1986.	Charlie & Co.	CBS
original network	Here's Duffy was a Canadian variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1958 to 1959.	Here's Duffy	CBC Television
original network	Vale todo, is a telenovela co-produced in 2002 by the television Rede Globo and Telemundo Hispanic arm of the U.S. network NBC.	Vale todo	Rede Globo
original network	The Bedford Diaries is an American television series that premiered March 29, 2006 on The WB and concluded its first season on May 10, 2006.	The Bedford Diaries	The WB
original network	Jessica & Krystal is an OnStyle variety TV show starring Korean American sisters Jessica Jung, former member of Girls' Generation and Krystal Jung of f(x).	Jessica & Krystal	OnStyle
original network	The Tony Martin Show is a 15-minute weekly musical variety television series hosted by entertainer Tony Martin, which aired in NBC prime time from April 26, 1954, to February 27, 1956.	The Tony Martin Show	NBC
original network	Mystery Woman is the name of a series of 11 TV movies released by the Hallmark Channel between 2003 and 2007, and now appearing regularly on the Hallmark Movie Channel.	Mystery Woman	Hallmark Channel
original network	Aquí hay tomate was a popular Spanish television program produced by Salta and issued by the chain Telecinco.	Aquí hay tomate	Telecinco
original network	WCG Ultimate Gamer was a reality television program that aired on Syfy, sponsored by Samsung and the World Cyber Games (WCG).	WCG Ultimate Gamer	Syfy
original network	Bh Se Bhade is an Indian television comedy drama show, which premiered on Zee TV.	Bh Se Bhade	Zee TV
original network	Co-Ed Confidential is a cable series that is Cinemax's erotic remake of National Lampoon's Animal House (1978) and was originally shown on Cinemax After Dark.	Co-Ed Confidential	Cinemax
original network	Out of Practice is an American situation comedy that was produced by Paramount Network Television and originally broadcast on sister company CBS from September 19, 2005 to March 29, 2006.	Out of Practice	CBS
performer	From Trash is the fourth studio album by John Foxx and Louis Gordon, released in 2006.	From Trash	John Foxx
performer	``Cry Me Out'' is a song by English singer Pixie Lott from her debut studio album, Turn It Up (2009).	Cry Me Out	Pixie Lott
performer	Upon Reflection is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.	Upon Reflection	John Surman
performer	Recorded at Dartington College of Arts in July 2010, Canu Rhydd is the fifth studio album by Welsh folk group Fernhill.	Canu Rhydd	Fernhill
performer	``Please Don't Make Me Cry'' is the follow-up single to reggae group UB40's chart-topping cover of Neil Diamond's ``Red Red Wine''.	Please Don't Make Me Cry	UB40
performer	``Dirty Dawg'' is a song by NKOTB (formerly New Kids on the Block), which became their final single to chart on the Billboard Top 100 until the 2008 single ``Summertime''.	Dirty Dawg	New Kids on the Block
performer	``Sour Times'' is a song by English trip hop group Portishead, released as their second single in August 1994.	Sour Times	Portishead
performer	``The Rapper'' is a song by The Jaggerz, written by band member Dominic Ierace, better known as Donnie Iris.	The Rapper	The Jaggerz
performer	This Modern Love is a song by Bloc Party from their debut album ``Silent Alarm''.	This Modern Love	Bloc Party
performer	``Read About It'' is the second single released by Australian rock band, Midnight Oil, from their 1982 studio album, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.	Read About It	Midnight Oil
performer	Bank Światowy (on the cover written Bank $wiatowy) is the fourth album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty.	Bank Światowy	Włochaty
performer	The Dead and Dreaming is the second full-length album by the metal band Dry Kill Logic.	The Dead and Dreaming	Dry Kill Logic
performer	``Svefn-g-englar'' (SVEBN-gayng-glahr) is a song by the Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós, from their second album, Ágætis byrjun.	Svefn-g-englar	Sigur Rós
performer	``Does It Make You Remember'' is a 1982 single release from Kim Carnes's album Voyeur.	Does It Make You Remember	Kim Carnes
performer	Stick 2 the Script is the second studio album by East Coast hip hop producer Statik Selektah.	Stick 2 the Script	Statik Selektah
performer	Jag ångrar ingenting is the tenth studio album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson, released in 2005.	Jag ångrar ingenting	Lena Philipsson
performer	``Missing / It's You'' is a double-A-sided single by a Japanese American singer Kylee.	Missing / It's You	Kylee
performer	``Treat Me Like a Lady'' is the name of a 1990 single by the British pop group Five Star.	Treat Me Like a Lady	Five Star
performer	``Sognu'' (English: ``I Dream'') is a song by Amaury Vassili that was the entry for France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, was held in Düsseldorf, Germany.	Sognu	Amaury Vassili
performer	``Drop a Beat'' is a song by American electronica musician Moby, released in May 1992 as the second single from his self-titled debut album.	Drop a Beat	Moby
performer	Let Battle Commence is the third album from the Italian metal band Doomsword, released in 2003.	Let Battle Commence	Doomsword
performer	My Kind of Christmas is the third studio album and first Christmas album by American singer Christina Aguilera.	My Kind of Christmas	Christina Aguilera
performer	``Don't You Want Me'' is a single by British synthpop group The Human League, released on 27 November 1981 as the fourth single from their third studio album Dare (1981).	Don't You Want Me	The Human League
performer	Let the Hard Times Roll is the third solo album by singer-songwriter David Ford, released on February 15, 2010.	Let the Hard Times Roll	David Ford
performer	Orgy in Rhythm is an album by drummer Art Blakey.	Orgy in Rhythm	Art Blakey
performer	The Dealers is a 1964 album by jazz musician Mal Waldron released on Status Records, catalogue 8316.	The Dealers	Mal Waldron
performer	``Corner of the Earth'' is the fourth and final single from British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai's fifth studio album, A Funk Odyssey.	Corner of the Earth	Jamiroquai
performer	Grigora I Ora Perase (The Time Passed Quickly) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki and it was released in 2006.	Grigora I Ora Perase	Eleftheria Arvanitaki
performer	``Superwoman (Where Were You When I Needed You)'' is a 1972 soul track by Stevie Wonder.	Superwoman (Where Were You When I Needed You)	Stevie Wonder
performer	``Have a Little Faith in Me'' is a song written and performed by John Hiatt that appears on his 1987 album Bring the Family and is the song he is most known by.	Have a Little Faith in Me	John Hiatt
performer	``Peach/Heart'' is Ai Otsuka's 15th (16th overall) single released under the avex trax label.	Peach/Heart	Ai Otsuka
performer	Album 1994 is the debut full-length studio album by the German folk rock band Subway to Sally.	Album 1994	Subway to Sally
performer	``Walk on Air'' is a song by British band T'Pau, released as the second single from their 1991 third studio album The Promise.	Walk on Air	T'Pau
performer	The Beautiful Sounds of Revenge is the second full-album by Lo-Pro, originally scheduled to be released was May 25, 2010, but was delayed to June 8, 2010, in order to add more songs to it.	The Beautiful Sounds of Revenge	Lo-Pro
performer	Baladas en español (Ballads in Spanish) is a Spanish language album by Roxette, released on 2 December 1996.	Baladas en español	Roxette
performer	I Finally Found Someone is a studio album released by country music artists Lorrie Morgan and Sammy Kershaw, who were then married to each other.	I Finally Found Someone	Lorrie Morgan	Sammy Kershaw
performer	Arabbox is a CD album by Muslimgauze.	Arabbox	Muslimgauze
performer	``Die klügsten Männer der Welt'' (often shortened as ``DKMDW'') (The wisest men in the world) is a song by Die Ärzte.	Die klügsten Männer der Welt	Die Ärzte
performer	``Judge, Jury and Executioner'' is a 2013 single by the supergroup Atoms for Peace.	Judge, Jury and Executioner	Atoms for Peace
performer	Green Mind is the fourth studio album by alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr, released in 1991.	Green Mind	Dinosaur Jr
performer	Her-Day is the fifth album by Masami Okui, released on August 27, 1999.	Her-Day	Masami Okui
performer	``Honky Cat'' is a song from the 1972 Elton John album Honky Château, the album's lead-off track.	Honky Cat	Elton John
performer	If You Could See Inside Me is the fifth and final studio album by A Lighter Shade of Brown.	If You Could See Inside Me	A Lighter Shade of Brown
performer	Emerald Tears is a solo album by bassist Dave Holland recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.	Emerald Tears	Dave Holland
performer	8-Way Santa is the second album by the Seattle grunge band Tad.	8-Way Santa	Tad
performer	``Thank God I'm a Country Boy'', also known as ``Country Boy'' is a song written by John Martin Sommers and recorded by American singer/songwriter John Denver.	Thank God I'm a Country Boy	John Denver
performer	``She Makes Me Wanna'' is a single by English boy band JLS, from their third studio album Jukebox (2011).	She Makes Me Wanna	JLS
performer	Frequency Unknown is an album released by Geoff Tate's temporary version of the American progressive heavy metal band Queensrÿche.	Frequency Unknown	Queensrÿche
performer	Saturdays = Youth is the fifth studio album by French electronic band M83, first released on 11 April 2008.	Saturdays = Youth	M83
performer	The Space Book is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Prestige label, with his quartet including Jaki Byard on piano, Richard Davis on bass, and Alan Dawson on drums.	The Space Book	Booker Ervin
performer	Vicious Delicious is the sixth studio album by psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom, released on March 26, 2007.	Vicious Delicious	Infected Mushroom
performer	To the One is an album released by British jazz guitarist John McLaughlin.	To the One	John McLaughlin
performer	Mantrapping for Sport and Profit is the fourth album from the New Hampshire group Scissorfight.	Mantrapping for Sport and Profit	Scissorfight
performer	The Humdinger is the third studio album by Kentucky-based hip hop group Nappy Roots, released on August 5, 2008, the quintet's follow-up to their 2008 mixtape Cookout Muzik.	The Humdinger	Nappy Roots
performer	``Stop, Drop and Roll'' is a single released by New Zealand hip hop artist, Mareko featuring the Deceptikonz.	Stop, Drop and Roll	Mareko	Deceptikonz
performer	``You Can't Judge a Book by the Cover'' is a 1962 song by rock and roll pioneer Bo Diddley.	You Can't Judge a Book by the Cover	Bo Diddley
performer	Recorded Fall 1961 is a 1961 studio album by American jazz musicians Bob Brookmeyer and Stan Getz.	Recorded Fall 1961	Bob Brookmeyer	Stan Getz
performer	``Tous les mêmes'' (French for ``(They are) All the Same'') is a song by Belgian singer Stromae, released in 2013.	Tous les mêmes	Stromae
performer	The Bosses is a 1973 album by American blues shouter Big Joe Turner accompanied by a small group led by Count Basie, recorded in 1973 and released on the Pablo label.	The Bosses	Big Joe Turner
performer	``The Chicken Song'' is a novelty song by the British satirical comedy television programme Spitting Image (series 3, episode 6).	The Chicken Song	Spitting Image
performer	``Crazy Rap'', also known as ``Colt 45 and 2 Zig Zags'' or simply ``Colt 45'', is a dirty rap single recorded by rapper Afroman.	Crazy Rap	Afroman
performer	Smiling at Grief is a studio album released by UK neo-progressive band Twelfth Night in 1982.	Smiling at Grief	Twelfth Night
performer	Never Going Back is the tenth studio album from Country singer Collin Raye.	Never Going Back	Collin Raye
performer	The Honeymoon Is Over is the third studio album by Australian indie rock band The Cruel Sea, which was released in May 1993.	The Honeymoon Is Over	The Cruel Sea
performer	``Into a Swan'' is a song written and performed by Siouxsie Sioux (Siouxsie and the Banshees, The Creatures) for Sioux's debut solo album Mantaray.	Into a Swan	Siouxsie Sioux
performer	Feels Closer is a 2006 album by the London duo Layo Paskin and Matthew Benjamin, known as Layo and Bushwacka.	Feels Closer	Layo and Bushwacka
performer	Ballader och oförskämdheter (English: Ballads and impertinencies) is the debut album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.	Ballader och oförskämdheter	Cornelis Vreeswijk
performer	``Every Little Thing U Do'' is a song by American R&B artist Christopher Williams recorded for his second album Changes (1992).	Every Little Thing U Do	Christopher Williams
performer	``Letting Go (Cry Just a Little)'' is a song written and performed by Haitian club, pop, R&B, electronic, and urban artist Qwote and Cuban-American rapper, Pitbull, the latter of whom is credited as MR. Worldwide.	Letting Go (Cry Just a Little)	Qwote	Pitbull
performer	It's a Wiggly Wiggly World is a video released by Australian children's band The Wiggles in July 2000.	It's a Wiggly Wiggly World	The Wiggles
performer	``My Mamma Said'' is a song by Danish-Norwegian pop band Aqua.	My Mamma Said	Aqua
performer	Zostaň (English: Stay) is the ninth solo album by Marika Gombitová released on Jumbo Records in 1994.	Zostaň	Marika Gombitová
performer	``I.O.I.O.'' is a song by the Bee Gees, released on the album Cucumber Castle.	I.O.I.O.	Bee Gees
performer	Estandarte is the tenth studio album released by Brazilian rock band Skank in 2008.	Estandarte	Skank
performer	Vi ska bara leva klart is the debut album by Swedish pop group Raymond & Maria, released on August 18, 2004.	Vi ska bara leva klart	Raymond & Maria
performer	Speak for Yourself is the second solo album by British singer Imogen Heap, following her collaborative effort with Guy Sigsworth as Frou Frou.	Speak for Yourself	Imogen Heap
performer	``The Mirror's Truth'' is the first single released by In Flames from their ninth album A Sense of Purpose.	The Mirror's Truth	In Flames
performer	A Traditional Christmas is a Christmas album released by country music artist Joe Nichols.	A Traditional Christmas	Joe Nichols
performer	``Can I Live?'' is a hip-hop/R&B by Sisqó for his second studio album Return of Dragon.	Can I Live?	Sisqó
performer	Kollaps was the first official LP by Einstürzende Neubauten, released in 1981 on German label ZickZack as #ZZ 65.	Kollaps	Einstürzende Neubauten
performer	Vapor Transmission is the second album by American Industrial rock band Orgy.	Vapor Transmission	Orgy
performer	``I Don't Know Why'' (sometimes listed as ``I Don't Know Why I Love You'') is a 1968 song by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder, from the album For Once in My Life (1968).	I Don't Know Why	Stevie Wonder
performer	Sve sami hedovi is the second studio album from the Serbian hip-hop group, Bad Copy.	Sve sami hedovi	Bad Copy
performer	Don't Go to Strangers is an album recorded in 1960 by jazz vocalist Etta Jones.	Don't Go to Strangers	Etta Jones
performer	The Gulley Flats Boys is a double-disc album from British musician Francis Dunnery, released in 2005.	The Gulley Flats Boys	Francis Dunnery
performer	The Great Destroyer is a 2005 album by the slowcore band Low.	The Great Destroyer	Low
performer	Identical Remote Controlled Reactions is the second and final studio album by Australian nu metal group Superheist.	Identical Remote Controlled Reactions	Superheist
performer	``Waterloo Sunset'' is a song by British rock band The Kinks.	Waterloo Sunset	The Kinks
performer	The Dark Won't Hide You is the debut release by Los Angeles-based rock band Night Horse.	The Dark Won't Hide You	Night Horse
performer	``Driven by You'' is a song by Queen's lead guitarist Brian May.	Driven by You	Brian May
performer	``Permawar'' (stylized as ``PermaWar'') is a song by American industrial metal band Ministry.	Permawar	Ministry
performer	Da li je to čovek ili je mašina (Is that a Human or a Machine?) is the seventh studio album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label UrbaNS in 2005.	Da li je to čovek ili je mašina	Obojeni Program
performer	Spending Time on the Borderline is Ozma's third full length studio album.	Spending Time on the Borderline	Ozma
performer	Dancing with a Ghost is the third full-length studio album by American pop punk band Valencia, released through I Surrender Records on October 12, 2010.	Dancing with a Ghost	Valencia
performer	Ashes Grammar is the second full-length album from A Sunny Day in Glasgow, released on LP, CD, and mp3 formats on September 15, 2009 by Mis Ojos Discos.	Ashes Grammar	A Sunny Day in Glasgow
performer	Written by Missy Elliott and Tim ``Timbaland'' Mosley, ``She's a Bitch'' set the darker tone of Da Real World, featuring Elliott's angry lyrics and an ominous soundscape courtesy of Timbaland.	She's a Bitch	Missy Elliott
performer	L'esquisse is a 2005 studio album by Argentinian-French rapper Keny Arkana.	L'esquisse	Keny Arkana
performer	``Una lacrima sul viso'' (Italian for A Tear on your Face) is a song composed by Mogol and Bobby Solo and performed by Bobby Solo.	Una lacrima sul viso	Bobby Solo
performer	Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Been is an album by folk artist ``Spider'' John Koerner released in 1986.	Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Been	John Koerner
performer	I'm Beginning to See the Light is an album by musicians David Grisman and Martin Taylor, released in 1999.	I'm Beginning to See the Light	David Grisman
performer	The Will to Live (1997), an album by Ben Harper which showed his continuing folk-centric focus, while at the same time expanding on his rock talents.	The Will to Live	Ben Harper
performer	``Ill Behaviour'' is a song by drum and bass DJ, producer and musician Danny Byrd.	Ill Behaviour	Danny Byrd
performer	Ritero Xaperle Bax is the seventh album by the Slovak punk rock/comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže, released in October 2004.	Ritero Xaperle Bax	Horkýže Slíže
performer	``Wake Me Up When September Ends'' is a song by American rock band Green Day, released on June 13, 2005 as the fourth single from the group's seventh studio album, American Idiot (2004).	Wake Me Up When September Ends	Green Day
performer	Transmissions from Uranus is the second full-length album by American Industrial metal band Hanzel und Gretyl.	Transmissions from Uranus	Hanzel und Gretyl
performer	Everything Is Expensive is the third studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Esthero, set for release on October 30, 2012.	Everything Is Expensive	Esthero
performer	P.U.S.P.A Repackage is the third studio album by Indonesia pop band ST 12.	P.U.S.P.A Repackage	ST 12
performer	From the Corner to the Block is the fifth studio album by the New Orleans-based jazz fusion/funk group Galactic.	From the Corner to the Block	Galactic
performer	``Time and Time Again'' is the second single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's third album, Lovehatetragedy, and fifth released single in total.	Time and Time Again	Papa Roach
performer	Holding My Own is the twelfth studio album by Texan country music singer George Strait.	Holding My Own	George Strait
performer	Klagopsalmer (roughly, Hymns of Lament) is the sixth album by Shining.	Klagopsalmer	Shining
performer	The White Songbook is the fifth studio album by Joy Electric, and the first in the band's ongoing Legacy series.	The White Songbook	Joy Electric
performer	``Deadbeat Club'' was the fifth and last single released from The B-52's' album Cosmic Thing.	Deadbeat Club	The B-52's
performer	Everything Is Fine is the third studio album from American Country Music artist Josh Turner, released on October 30, 2007.	Everything Is Fine	Josh Turner
performer	Memoirs of a Common Man is the debut album by Melbourne-based band Antiskeptic.	Memoirs of a Common Man	Antiskeptic
performer	``Pegaito a la Pared'' is the first single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Tego Calderón from his upcoming fifth album Mr. T. It was released on iTunes on November 1, 2008 through Jiggiri Records.	Pegaito a la Pared	Tego Calderón
performer	``Itchycoo Park'' is a psychedelic pop song written by Steve Marriott and Ronnie Lane, first recorded by their group, the Small Faces.	Itchycoo Park	Small Faces
performer	Milk Famous is the third album by the American indie rock band the White Rabbits.	Milk Famous	White Rabbits
performer	The Three Pyramids Club is the second solo studio album by a British singer Suggs known from second wave ska band Madness.	The Three Pyramids Club	Suggs
performer	The Motion Makes Me Last is an EP from Portland, OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper, under the name Eluvium.	The Motion Makes Me Last	Eluvium
performer	Intensified is an album by Desmond Dekker & the Aces released in 1970.	Intensified	Desmond Dekker
performer	``Private Universe'' is a 1993 song by rock group Crowded House from the group's fourth studio album Together Alone.	Private Universe	Crowded House
performer	``Miles to Go (Before I Sleep)'' is a promotional single from Celine Dion's album Let's Talk About Love.	Miles to Go (Before I Sleep)	Celine Dion
performer	Jazz W Wolnych Chwilach is a double album released by O.S.T.R. in 2003.	Jazz W Wolnych Chwilach	O.S.T.R.
performer	Intelligence and Sacrifice is a 2001 album by German recording artist Alec Empire.	Intelligence and Sacrifice	Alec Empire
performer	I, Assassin is the sixth studio album, and fourth under his own name, by Gary Numan.	I, Assassin	Gary Numan
performer	What a Woman Needs is the eleventh album by singer Melba Moore, released in 1981.	What a Woman Needs	Melba Moore
performer	``Cheated Hearts'' is a single by New York based alternative rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs.	Cheated Hearts	Yeah Yeah
performer	We Have the Technology is the fourth album by Australian band Custard.	We Have the Technology	Custard
performer	``Du riechst so gut'' (German for ``You smell so good'') is a song by the German Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein.	Du riechst so gut	Rammstein
performer	``Science of Silence'' is a song by English singer-songwriter Richard Ashcroft and is the sixth track on his 2002 album Human Conditions.	Science of Silence	Richard Ashcroft
performer	``Soul Sound'' is a song by British girl group Sugababes from their debut studio album One Touch (2000).	Soul Sound	Sugababes
performer	``Young Homie'' is the debut single written and performed by American singer-songwriter Chris Rene.	Young Homie	Chris Rene
performer	``Thing About You'' is a song written by Tom Petty, and recorded by American country music group Southern Pacific, featuring Emmylou Harris.	Thing About You	Southern Pacific	Emmylou Harris
performer	10 Songs for the New Depression is the twenty-first studio album by American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III, released in July 2010 through Proper Records.	10 Songs for the New Depression	Loudon Wainwright III
performer	How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All is the second comedy album recorded by The Firesign Theatre.	How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All	The Firesign Theatre
performer	``Plastic Dreams'' is a 1992 song recorded by Dutch dance producer Jaydee.	Plastic Dreams	Jaydee
performer	Time of the Last Persecution was the second album of progressive folk singer Bill Fay.	Time of the Last Persecution	Bill Fay
performer	Last Drive is the first and only studio album by Eric Burdon's Fire Dept., released in 1980.	Last Drive	Eric Burdon
performer	Slow Burning Lights is a studio album by American hip hop production duo Blue Sky Black Death.	Slow Burning Lights	Blue Sky Black Death
performer	``It's Love'' is a song by progressive metal band King's X appearing on their album Faith Hope Love.	It's Love	King's X
performer	``Progenies of the Great Apocalypse'' is a song by the Norwegian symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir.	Progenies of the Great Apocalypse	Dimmu Borgir
performer	Advance to the Fall is the second full-length album by Japanese power metal band Galneryus.	Advance to the Fall	Galneryus
performer	No Deeper Blue is a 1994 studio album by Texas country/folk singer-songwriter Townes Van Zandt.	No Deeper Blue	Townes Van Zandt
performer	Destiny Line is the debut studio album by American-born Japanese pop singer Leah Dizon.	Destiny Line	Leah Dizon
performer	``Eddie's Song'' is the second and final single from British pop-punk band Son of Dork's debut, and only, studio album, Welcome to Loserville.	Eddie's Song	Son of Dork
performer	``Tameiki'' (Sigh) is Jun Shibata's 6th single and first recut.	Tameiki	Jun Shibata
performer	Wrap the Green Flag Round Me Bhoys is a Celtic F.C. football song that sung by Derek Warfield.	Wrap the Green Flag Round Me Bhoys	Derek Warfield
performer	``Your Woman'' is a song by British one-man band White Town.	Your Woman	White Town
performer	The North Bend is the second full-length album by Rafael Anton Irisarri, released by Australian label ROOM40.	The North Bend	Rafael Anton Irisarri
performer	The Virgin Mary Australian Tour Acoustic/Strings Album (Your Tears Are Warning Signs) is the fourth overall release by the Brisbane band The Red Paintings.	The Virgin Mary Australian Tour Acoustic/Strings Album	The Red Paintings
performer	``Lifetime to Love'' is a 2000 song by the musician CeCe Peniston.	Lifetime to Love	CeCe Peniston
performer	The August Engine is the second studio album by the American progressive/heavy metal band Hammers of Misfortune.	The August Engine	Hammers of Misfortune
performer	``Made You Look'' is the first single from Nas' 2002 album, God's Son.	Made You Look	Nas
performer	The Chicago Theme is an album by flautist Hubert Laws recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's Studio in New Jersey in 1974 and released in 1975 on the CTI label.	The Chicago Theme	Hubert Laws
performer	Hipnoz (Hypnosis) is the sixth studio album by Turkish singer-songwriter Hande Yener, released on May 14, 2008 by Erol Köse Exclusive.	Hipnoz	Hande Yener
performer	Bebop Moptop was the second album from Scottish pop group Danny Wilson.	Bebop Moptop	Danny Wilson
performer	Lost in the Former West was the final album released by The Fatima Mansions, continuing the focus on hard-rock anthems that had begun on Valhalla Avenue.	Lost in the Former West	The Fatima Mansions
performer	Tetra Karcist is the seventh studio album by the Belgian black metal band, Enthroned.	Tetra Karcist	Enthroned
performer	``Downtown Boys'' is a song by Danish pop duo Infernal.	Downtown Boys	Infernal
performer	Snow on the Sahara (English version) / Au nom de la lune (French version) is the first international studio album by Indonesian singer Anggun.	Snow on the Sahara	Anggun
performer	Reproductions is a studio album of cover versions by Charlotte Martin.	Reproductions	Charlotte Martin
performer	Sexto Sentido (Spanish for ``Sixth Sense'') is the 29th album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge.	Sexto Sentido	Yolandita Monge
performer	Slightly Pimpish/Mostly Doggish is the fifth studio album and eighth album overall released by N2Deep.	Slightly Pimpish/Mostly Doggish	N2Deep
performer	A Crazy Steal is a 1978 album by English rock/pop group, The Hollies.	A Crazy Steal	The Hollies
performer	``Miss Freelove '69'' was a single by iconic Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus which reached #19 on the ARIA Singles Charts and #3 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks.	Miss Freelove '69	Hoodoo Gurus
performer	``Light Up (The World)'' is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin, featuring Shy FX and Ms. Dynamite.	Light Up (The World)	Yasmin	Shy FX	Ms. Dynamite
performer	``Rainy Days and Mondays'' is a 1971 song by The Carpenters, with instrumental backing by L.A. session musicians from the Wrecking Crew, that went to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and it was the duo's fourth #1 song on the Adult Contemporary singles chart.	Rainy Days and Mondays	The Carpenters
performer	``서울의 빛'' A.K.A. ``The Lights of Seoul'' by BoA is a special promo Korean single CD which was a special single given to people who attended Hi Seoul festival in 2003.	The Lights of Seoul	BoA
performer	``Breakfast (Syrup)'' is a song by American recording artist Kreayshawn, released May 22, 2012 as the second single from her debut studio album Somethin' Bout Kreay (2012).	Breakfast (Syrup)	Kreayshawn
performer	Infinity on High is the third studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy, released on February 5, 2007 by Island Records as the follow-up to the band's commercially successful 2005 album From Under the Cork Tree.	Infinity on High	Fall Out Boy
performer	After Bathing at Baxter's, the third album by the San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane, was released in 1967 as RCA Victor LSO-1511 (stereo) & LOP-1511 (mono).	After Bathing at Baxter's	Jefferson Airplane
performer	Drums Unlimited is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1965 and 1966 and released on the Atlantic label.	Drums Unlimited	Max Roach
performer	Road Trips Volume 1 Number 1 is a live album by the Grateful Dead.	Road Trips Volume 1 Number 1	Grateful Dead
performer	``Gold Dust Woman'' is a song from the best-selling Fleetwood Mac album Rumours.	Gold Dust Woman	Fleetwood Mac
performer	First Demo Tape is an archival release of recordings by the American hardcore punk band Minor Threat.	First Demo Tape	Minor Threat
performer	Down with Wilco is the fifth album by American rock band The Minus 5.	Down with Wilco	The Minus 5
performer	A Lady Named Smith is the twenty first album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.	A Lady Named Smith	Connie Smith
performer	``Are You In?'' is the fourth single from Incubus 4th full length album Morning View.	Are You In?	Incubus
performer	``Catch Me While I'm Sleeping'' is a song from American singer Pink's third studio album Try This, originally recorded for Missundaztood.	Catch Me While I'm Sleeping	Pink
performer	Anarchytecture is the sixth studio album by English band Skunk Anansie.	Anarchytecture	Skunk Anansie
performer	No Place Like Chrome is a collaborative album by American rappers Apathy and Celph Titled.	No Place Like Chrome	Apathy
performer	For My Friends is the fourth studio album by American rock band Blind Melon, released April 22, 2008.	For My Friends	Blind Melon
performer	Byrd in the Wind is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1959 and released on the Riverside label in 1963.The album was first released on the Washington Records Offbeat imprint as Byrd in the Wind:	Byrd in the Wind	Charlie Byrd
performer	Gestern war heute noch morgen (German for ``Yesterday today was still tomorrow'') is a song compilation of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz.	Gestern war heute noch morgen	Böhse Onkelz
performer	Bitter Funeral Beer is an album by Swedish ethnomusicologist, drummer, and composer Bengt Berger recorded in 1981 and released on the ECM label.	Bitter Funeral Beer	Bengt Berger
performer	Here to Save You All is the debut album by rapper Chino XL released on April 9, 1996.	Here to Save You All	Chino XL
performer	Storm Before Calm is the fourth album of the Irish black metal band Primordial.	Storm Before Calm	Primordial
performer	``My Heart Is Yours'' is a Norwegian pop ballad composed by Hanne Sørvaag and Fredrik Kempe and performed by Didrik Solli-Tangen.	My Heart Is Yours	Didrik Solli-Tangen
performer	Wake Me When It's Over is Faster Pussycat's second album, moving from the hair metal sound of their first album to a blues-influenced sound.	Wake Me When It's Over	Faster Pussycat
performer	Free Mars is the only album by the experimental psychedelic rock project Lusk, released in 1997 in a Digipak-style case.	Free Mars	Lusk
performer	``Breadfan'' is a heavy metal song originally recorded by Budgie, appearing on their 1973 album Never Turn Your Back on a Friend.	Breadfan	Budgie
performer	Olen kuul (I'm a bullet) is the first album by Estonian rock band Smilers to be released in Estonia, in 1997.	Olen kuul	Smilers
performer	Nobody Knows What You Do is an album by John Hartford, released in 1976.	Nobody Knows What You Do	John Hartford
performer	To a Place is the debut album of independent singer Laura Shay.	To a Place	Laura Shay
performer	Road Trips Volume 1 Number 4 is a two-CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead.	Road Trips Volume 1 Number 4	Grateful Dead
performer	Live at the Hardback is a live recording of what was thought to be Hot Water Music's final show performed in 1999 and one of the last shows performed at The Hardback Cafe, in Florida.	Live at the Hardback	Hot Water Music
performer	Crossing All Borders is an LP by Latin hip hop duo Tha Mexakinz.	Crossing All Borders	Tha Mexakinz
performer	I Want That You Are Always Happy is the debut studio album by Australian folk band The Middle East, released in Australia and New Zealand through Spunk Records on 8 April 2011.	I Want That You Are Always Happy	The Middle East
performer	The Novella Reservoir is the sixth full-length studio album by the American death-doom band Novembers Doom, released in 2007.	The Novella Reservoir	Novembers Doom
performer	Your Vision Was Never Mine to Share is the third and last full-length studio album by Misery Loves Co..	Your Vision Was Never Mine to Share	Misery Loves Co.
performer	Son of Dungeon Tape is a cassette tape by Australian folk rock group The Triffids.	Son of Dungeon Tape	The Triffids
performer	From Filthy Tongue of Gods and Griots is the second album by Dälek, released in 2002.	From Filthy Tongue of Gods and Griots	Dälek
performer	``Phantom 309'' is a song written by Tommy Faile and released as a single by Red Sovine in 1967.	Phantom 309	Red Sovine
performer	W.A.R. (We Are Renegades) is the third studio album of American hip hop artist Pharoahe Monch released on March 22, 2011 under Duck Down Records.	W.A.R. (We Are Renegades)	Pharoahe Monch
performer	In the Making... is the second album from Christian rock band Nevertheless, released on September 16, 2008.	In the Making...	Nevertheless
performer	``My Ship Is Comin' In'' is a song written by Joey Brooks which was first a song for the American soul singer Jimmy Radcliffe in 1965 and was later recorded and released by the American pop group The Walker Brothers as their fourth single that same year.	My Ship Is Comin' In	The Walker Brothers
performer	Old/Quartet is an album recorded in 1967 by Roscoe Mitchell's Art Ensemble which later became known as the Art Ensemble of Chicago.	Old/Quartet	Roscoe Mitchell
performer	``Best Friend's Brother'' is a song performed by American pop recording artist Victoria Justice, billed as Cast of Victorious featuring Victoria Justice.	Best Friend's Brother	Victoria Justice	Victorious
performer	Everything Dies is a single by American gothic metal band Type O Negative from their 1999 release World Coming Down.	Everything Dies	Type O Negative
performer	``Ascendead Master'' is the fourth single by Versailles, but their first single on a major label.	Ascendead Master	Versailles
performer	Saddle Pals is an album by the Western swing band Riders in the Sky, released in 1987.	Saddle Pals	Riders in the Sky
performer	Dr Boondigga and the Big BW is the second studio album by the New Zealand group Fat Freddy's Drop, released on 2 June 2009 on The Drop.	Dr Boondigga and the Big BW	Fat Freddy's Drop
performer	IX Equilibrium is the third studio album by the black metal band Emperor.	IX Equilibrium	Emperor
performer	``Ultra Lover'' is the third Japanese single by South Korean boy band 2PM.	Ultra Lover	2PM
performer	Hip Hop and the World We Live In is a studio album by American rapper Aceyalone.	Hip Hop and the World We Live In	Aceyalone
performer	You've Got to Believe in Something is the third studio album by American rock band Spin Doctors, released in 1996.	You've Got to Believe in Something	Spin Doctors
performer	To Heaven from Hell is an EP released by the heavy metal band Diamond Head.	To Heaven from Hell	Diamond Head
performer	A Tiempo de Rock (English: Time to Rock) is the second album of the band Sombrero Verde (now Maná).	A Tiempo de Rock	Maná
performer	``Slip of the Lip'' is a song recorded by American heavy metal band Ratt in 1986 from the album Dancing Undercover and is also on their greatest hits album Ratt & Roll 81-91.	Slip of the Lip	Ratt
performer	How I Learned to Love the Bootboys is the fourth and final album by British alternative rock band The Auteurs.	How I Learned to Love the Bootboys	The Auteurs
performer	Divine Discontent is the fourth studio album by American band Sixpence None the Richer, released on October 29, 2002.	Divine Discontent	Sixpence None the Richer
performer	There's Always Another Girl is the 11th solo studio album by Juliana Hatfield, released August 30, 2011.	There's Always Another Girl	Juliana Hatfield
performer	``She Will'' is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne, released as the fourth single from his ninth studio album, Tha Carter IV. The song features Canadian rapper Drake.	She Will	Lil Wayne	Drake
performer	``Carry On Wayward Son'' is a single recorded by Kansas and written by Kerry Livgren for their 1976 album Leftoverture.	Carry On Wayward Son	Kansas
performer	In the Midst of Your Drama is the third full-length recording by Swedish band The Grand Opening.	In the Midst of Your Drama	The Grand Opening
performer	Djam Leelii is the first widely distributed album of Senegalese musician Baaba Maal and guitarist Mansour Seck.	Djam Leelii	Baaba Maal
performer	Livin' on a Dream is an album by female artist Robin Beck.	Livin' on a Dream	Robin Beck
performer	Trap Queen is the debut single by American rapper Fetty Wap from his self-titled debut album (2015).	Trap Queen	Fetty Wap
performer	``When It's Love'' is a power ballad by the American rock band Van Halen.	When It's Love	Van Halen
performer	New Detention is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Grinspoon.	New Detention	Grinspoon
performer	Nothing's Going to Happen is the sixth full-length album released by indie rock band Elf Power.	Nothing's Going to Happen	Elf Power
performer	Things Worth Fighting For is the debut album by solo artist John McKeown.	Things Worth Fighting For	John McKeown
performer	``Namae wa, Mada Nai'' (名前は、未だ無ひ.; I Don't Yet Have a Name) is the first single release by Japanese rock band Alice Nine.	Namae wa, Mada Nai	Alice Nine
performer	A Picnic on the 405 is a record by folk-singer John Craigie.	A Picnic on the 405	John Craigie
performer	Photorecording is a compilation album by American emo band Elliott.	Photorecording	Elliott
performer	The Intercontinentals is the 16th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label.	The Intercontinentals	Bill Frisell
performer	Ja tu tylko sprzątam (Polish pronunciation: (ˌja tu ˌtɨlkɔ ˈspʂɔ̃ntam), English: Talk to the organ grinder not the monkey) is an album released by Polish rapper O.S.T.R. on February 22, 2008.	Ja tu tylko sprzątam	O.S.T.R.
performer	``Help I'm Alive'' is the lead single from Canadian rock group Metric's fourth studio album Fantasies.	Help I'm Alive	Metric
performer	The Gentle Giant is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1970 and 1971 and released on the Atlantic label.	The Gentle Giant	Yusef Lateef
performer	The Living Room Tapes, Vol. 2 is an album by Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau and clarinetist Brad Terry, released in 1990.	The Living Room Tapes, Vol. 2	Lenny Breau
performer	Goodnight Vienna followed the commercially successful predecessor Ringo, and Starr used many of the same players, including Billy Preston, Klaus Voormann, Robbie Robertson, Harry Nilsson, and producer Richard Perry.	Goodnight Vienna	Ringo, and Starr
performer	``Rock Me Tonite'' is a hit song written and recorded by American rock artist Billy Squier.	Rock Me Tonite	Billy Squier
performer	The Sneak Attack is rapper KRS-One's fourth solo hip hop album.	The Sneak Attack	KRS-One
performer	If I Don't Come Home You'll Know I'm Gone is the second album by Canadian independent rock band The Wooden Sky, released in August 2009.	If I Don't Come Home You'll Know I'm Gone	The Wooden Sky
performer	``Who's Gonna Find Me'' is the first single from the fourth full-length album by British band The Coral, Roots & Echoes, and was released on 30 July 2007.	Who's Gonna Find Me	The Coral
performer	Bleeding Star is the final album released in 1993 by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience.	Bleeding Star	Jean-Paul Sartre Experience
performer	Vivi and... is an album by Taiwanese singer/actress/model Vivian Hsu, released September 19, 2006 on the Avex label.	Vivi and...	Vivian Hsu
performer	Falta Amor (in English: Love Is Lacking) is the first studio album (fourth overall) under the WEA Latina label, by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná.	Falta Amor	Maná
performer	``Jewel of Kiss'' is the fifteenth single from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani, and the second single from her 2004 album, Tsuioku+Love Letter.	Jewel of Kiss	Hitomi Shimatani
performer	Bob's Car is an demo album by the band Cracker, released to fan club members in January 1995.	Bob's Car	Cracker
performer	Unorthodox Creative Criteria is the third studio album by Chilean technical death metal band Coprofago.	Unorthodox Creative Criteria	Coprofago
performer	``Amor Mío, ¿Qué Me Has Hecho?'' (``My Love, What Have You Done with Me?'') is a song released by Spanish recording artist Camilo Sesto as the first single from his studio album A Voluntad del Cielo (Heaven's Will) in 1991.	Amor Mío, ¿Qué Me Has Hecho?	Camilo Sesto
performer	Up to Our Hips is the third album by the British alternative rock band The Charlatans, released on 21 March 1994.	Up to Our Hips	The Charlatans
performer	``Point Me at the Sky'' is the fifth United Kingdom single by the British band Pink Floyd, released on 17 December 1968.	Point Me at the Sky	Pink Floyd
performer	Xena was played by New Zealand actress Lucy Lawless, who commonly wore a tight leather skirted outfit overlaid with metal armor.	Xena	Lucy Lawless
performer	Highway to Hell Tour was a concert tour by Australian rock band AC/DC in support of the group's 7th studio album, Highway to Hell, released in July 1979.	Highway to Hell Tour	AC/DC
performer	``Not a Saint'' is a song by Dutch DJ & producer Vato Gonzalez featuring vocals from Lethal Bizzle and Donae'o.	Not a Saint	Vato Gonzalez	Lethal Bizzle	Donae'o
performer	Fancy Footwork is the second studio album by Canadian electro-funk duo Chromeo, released on May 8, 2007 by Turbo Recordings and Last Gang Records.	Fancy Footwork	Chromeo
performer	No Need to Argue is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Cranberries, released in 1994.	No Need to Argue	The Cranberries
performer	Leap! and Take the Leap! are the names for Toyah Willcox's project subsequent to Ophelia's Shadow.	Take the Leap!	Toyah Willcox
performer	Speckled Goats II is Christian hip-hop DJ DJ Maj's 7th release and third album.	Speckled Goats II	DJ Maj
performer	``Don't Stop (Wiggle Wiggle)'' is a 1994 song by American hip-house duo The Outhere Brothers from their debut album 1 Polish, 2 Biscuits & a Fish Sandwich.	Don't Stop (Wiggle Wiggle)	The Outhere Brothers
performer	``Does Your Mother Know'' (working title: ``I Can Do It'') is a song recorded in 1979 by Swedish pop group ABBA and was the second single to be released from their album Voulez-Vous.	Does Your Mother Know	ABBA
performer	``Talk, Talk, Talk'' was a single from The Ordinary Boys which appeared on their first album Over the Counter Culture.	Talk, Talk, Talk	The Ordinary Boys
performer	Det är ni som e dom konstiga, det är jag som e normal (English translation: You Are the Strange Ones, I Am the Normal One) is the third solo album of Swedish rock musician Joakim Thåström (not counting the soundtrack Singoalla).	Det är ni som e dom konstiga, det är jag som e normal	Joakim Thåström
performer	``Slow It Down'' is a song by British boy band East 17.	Slow It Down	East 17
performer	``I'll Keep Your Memory Vague'' is the third single (final in the U.S. because ``Talking To The Walls'' was only released in Canada) and also the third track on Finger Eleven's fifth studio album Them vs. You vs. Me.	I'll Keep Your Memory Vague	Finger Eleven
performer	``Amor Clandestino'' (English: ``Underground Love'') is the second single from Mexican Latin pop/Rock en Español band Maná's eighth studio album Drama y Luz.	Amor Clandestino	Maná
performer	``This Ain't the Summer of Love'' is a song released in 1976 by rock band Blue Öyster Cult from the album Agents of Fortune.	This Ain't the Summer of Love	Blue Öyster Cult
performer	Sugoi Indeed is the eight studio album from Japanese garage metal trio Electric Eel Shock, released 2009.	Sugoi Indeed	Electric Eel Shock
performer	Beyond the Valley of 1984 is the second album by punk-metal band The Plasmatics.	Beyond the Valley of 1984	Plasmatics
performer	``The More You Live, the More You Love'' is the name of a 1984 single by A Flock of Seagulls.	The More You Live, the More You Love	A Flock of Seagulls
performer	``Wobble Wobble'' is the lead single released by the 504 Boyz' debut studio album,Goodfellas.	Wobble Wobble	504 Boyz
performer	Undo the Wicked is the debut album by the Boston-based metalcore music group Diecast.	Undo the Wicked	Diecast
performer	Scrappy Happiness is an album by Joel Plaskett Emergency released on March 27, 2012.	Scrappy Happiness	Joel Plaskett
performer	A Different Kind of Weather was the third and final album released by the British band, The Dream Academy.	A Different Kind of Weather	The Dream Academy
performer	``I Will Get Your Kiss'' is a song written by Japanese singer-songwriter Akinori Nakagawa as his debut single.	I Will Get Your Kiss	Akinori Nakagawa
performer	Now, There Was a Song! is the ninth album by Johnny Cash, featuring songs by Ernest Tubb, Hank Williams, and George Jones.	Now, There Was a Song!	Johnny Cash
performer	``Looking Good Diving'' (Morgan, McVey, Stock Aitken Waterman) ``Looking Good Diving with the Wild Bunch'' featuring Neneh Cherry (Morgan, McVey, Cherry) (remixed by The Wild Bunch)	Looking Good Diving	Morgan, McVey
performer	Funny Creatures Lane is the second album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2002.	Funny Creatures Lane	Jennifer Gentle
performer	Prismophonic is the name given to the third album by Christophe Willem.	Prismophonic	Christophe Willem
performer	``Do You Feel Like I Feel?'' is the second single from Belinda Carlisle's Live Your Life Be Free album, released in 1991 (See 1991 in music).	Do You Feel Like I Feel?	Belinda Carlisle
performer	Zoltank (stylized as ZOLTANK) is the second studio album by Japanese Darkwave duo, Aural Vampire, but their first released through a major record label.	Zoltank	Aural Vampire
performer	I Started Out with Nothin and I Still Got Most of It Left (styled i Started out with nothin and i Still got most of it Left) is the third album by Seasick Steve.	I Started Out with Nothin and I Still Got Most of It Left	Seasick Steve
performer	This Is Our Science is the fourth studio album from alternative hip hop artist Astronautalis.	This Is Our Science	Astronautalis
performer	Lost Tapes of Opio is the tenth solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson, released in 1996.	Lost Tapes of Opio	Jon Anderson
performer	``Black and White Town'' is the lead single on Doves' third album, Some Cities.	Black and White Town	Doves
performer	The Work Tapes is an album of demos recorded by vocalist Glenn Hughes (Deep Purple/ Black Sabbath/ Trapeze) and keyboardist Geoff Downes (Asia /Buggles /Yes).	The Work Tapes	Glenn Hughes
performer	Blunted on Reality is the debut studio album released by American hip hop group Fugees.	Blunted on Reality	Fugees
performer	Hello I Feel the Same is the ninth studio album by American alternative band The Innocence Mission.	Hello I Feel the Same	The Innocence Mission
performer	``I Won't Take Less Than Your Love'' is a song written by Paul Overstreet and Don Schlitz, and recorded by American country music artist Tanya Tucker with Paul Davis & Overstreet.	I Won't Take Less Than Your Love	Paul Overstreet	Tanya Tucker	Paul Davis
performer	Hellborn (album) is the second album from the heavy metal band David Shankle Group.	Hellborn (album)	David Shankle Group
performer	Rock Solid Guitar is the seventh studio album by guitarist David T. Chastain.	Rock Solid Guitar	David T. Chastain
performer	``Christmas Makes Me Cry'' is the third single from Christian singer, Mandisa.	Christmas Makes Me Cry	Mandisa
performer	``Toast and Marmalade for Tea'' is a song by the Australian rock group Tin Tin, and was written by Steve Groves and produced by Maurice Gibb.	Toast and Marmalade for Tea	Tin Tin
performer	``There Are Listed Buildings'' is a song by Los Campesinos! and the second single from their 2010 album Romance is Boring, released November 2, 2009.	There Are Listed Buildings	Los Campesinos
performer	Bombscare is a track from the 1991 album Hold It Down by 2 Bad Mice.	Bombscare	2 Bad Mice
performer	Alive on Planet Earth is the first live album by the progressive rock band The Flower Kings.	Alive on Planet Earth	The Flower Kings
performer	``Do You Think of Me?'' is a song recorded by British recording artist Misha B, released as her second official single on 4 November 2012.	Do You Think of Me?	Misha B
performer	Goodbye Cool World! is the third release by DIY collective Bomb the Music Industry!.	Goodbye Cool World!	Bomb the Music Industry
performer	El Arte de la Elegancia de LFC (The Art of Elegance of LFC) (2009) is the sixteenth album by Argentine ska band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs.	El Arte de la Elegancia de LFC	Los Fabulosos Cadillacs
performer	Feminine Fancy is the name of a Country and Western album by Dottie West which she recorded in the latter half of 1968 at RCA Victor Studio in Nashville, Tennessee with Chet Atkins producing.	Feminine Fancy	Dottie West
performer	Sassy K is the 4th studio album by thai singer Katreeya English released on June 26, 2007.	Sassy K	Katreeya English
performer	Ateliér duše (English: Soul Atelier) is the seventh solo album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1987.	Ateliér duše	Marika Gombitová
performer	Songs to Fan the Flames of Discontent is the second full length album by Swedish hardcore punk band Refused.	Songs to Fan the Flames of Discontent	Refused
performer	``Guns and Horses'' is a song by English recording artist Ellie Goulding from her debut album, Lights (2010).	Guns and Horses	Ellie Goulding
performer	A Nod and a Wink is the fourteenth studio album by the English progressive rock band Camel, released in July 2002 on the label Camel Productions.	A Nod and a Wink	Camel
performer	``A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld'' is a single by the ambient house group The Orb.	A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld	The Orb
performer	``Mamma Knows Best'' is a song by British singer-songwriter Jessie J, from her debut studio album Who You Are.	Mamma Knows Best	Jessie J
performer	Praise the Lard, a record album by PIG (Raymond Watts), was initially released on Concrete Records in 1991 and re-released by Cleopatra Records in 1997.	Praise the Lard	Raymond Watts
performer	``It's Not the End of the World?'' is a song by Welsh band Super Furry Animals.	It's Not the End of the World?	Super Furry Animals
performer	``A Little in Love'' is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Paul Brandt for his 1997 album Outside the Frame.	A Little in Love	Paul Brandt
performer	Folk of the 80s (Part III) is the second studio album by Canadian synthpop group Men Without Hats, released in 1984.	Folk of the 80s (Part III)	Men Without Hats
performer	``Innocent World'' is the fifth single released by Mr. Children on June 1, 1994.	Innocent World	Mr. Children
performer	``Track Three'' (informal title: ``Delayed'') is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Scott Walker in 1983.	Track Three	Scott Walker
performer	``Any Means Necessary'' is a song by the Swedish power and heavy metal band HammerFall released as a single from their album No Sacrifice, No Victory.	Any Means Necessary	HammerFall
performer	``What Do I Do Now?'' is a song by English Britpop band Sleeper, written by the band's vocalist and guitarist Louise Wener.	What Do I Do Now?	Sleeper
performer	``Tonight, the Night'' is Bonnie Pink's twentieth single from the album Present.	Tonight, the Night	Bonnie Pink
performer	Matters of the Bittersweet is the first solo acoustic album by singer Matthew Santos.	Matters of the Bittersweet	Matthew Santos
performer	Shappa is a musical side-project from two Serbian most active musicians of ``young generation,'' Wikluh Sky (Bad Copy) and Coyote (Eyesburn, Burnin' Soundz), with help of King Kyll from Paris.	Shappa	Wikluh Sky
performer	Did Tomorrow Come... is the third and last album from Polish gothic metal band Sirrah, though it was their second official release.	Did Tomorrow Come...	Sirrah
performer	Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply is an album by the British rock group Slade.	Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply	Slade
performer	The Fharmacist is the 13th album released by MC Breed.	The Fharmacist	MC Breed
performer	To Record Only Water for Ten Days is the third solo album by American musician John Frusciante, released in 2001 through Warner Music Group.	To Record Only Water for Ten Days	John Frusciante
performer	Songs for the Mama That Tried is the 32nd studio album by American country singer Merle Haggard, released in 1981.	Songs for the Mama That Tried	Merle Haggard
performer	``Another Weekend'' is the name of a 1988 hit single by the British pop group Five Star.	Another Weekend	Five Star
performer	Faders Up 2 is a live album of the Belgian band Triggerfinger.	Faders Up 2	Triggerfinger
performer	``Don't Lose My Number'' is a song by Phil Collins from his third solo album No Jacket Required.	Don't Lose My Number	Phil Collins
performer	Hotel Paper is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Michelle Branch which was released on June 24, 2003.	Hotel Paper	Michelle Branch
performer	Pathway to Deviance is the fifth album by death metal band Desecration.	Pathway to Deviance	Desecration
performer	``Darling Nikki'' is a song produced, arranged, composed and performed by American musician Prince and originally released on his Grammy Award-winning 1984 album, Purple Rain.	Darling Nikki	Prince
performer	The Art of Rolling is the debut album by the Danish blues rock group The Blue Van.	The Art of Rolling	The Blue Van
performer	Map of Love (Chinese: 愛的地圖) is Taiwanese girl group S.H.E's 1st digital album, and was released on June 22, 2009.	Map of Love	S.H.E
performer	Inhuman Rampage is the third studio album by English power metal band DragonForce, released on 6 January 2006 and 20 June 2006 in North America.	Inhuman Rampage	DragonForce
performer	``I Don't Think So'' is a song by American recording artist Kelis from her fourth studio album, Kelis Was Here (2006).	I Don't Think So	Kelis
performer	Most of My Heroes Still Don't Appear on No Stamp is the eleventh studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy, released on July 13, 2012, by Slam Jamz.	Most of My Heroes Still Don't Appear on No Stamp	Public Enemy
performer	ZuZu Man is the thirteenth album by New Orleans singer and pianist Dr. John.	ZuZu Man	Dr. John
performer	R.S.V.P. (Rare Songs, Very Personal) is a 2004 album by Nancy Wilson, featuring Wilson in duet with George Shearing, Toots Thielemans, Phil Woods, and Gary Burton.	R.S.V.P. (Rare Songs, Very Personal)	Nancy Wilson
performer	Arkansas Heat is an EP by the American garage rock band The Gossip, it was released on May 7, 2002.	Arkansas Heat	Gossip
performer	``Volcano Girls'' is a single by the American alternative rock band Veruca Salt, released in 1997 on their album Eight Arms to Hold You.	Volcano Girls	Veruca Salt
performer	All You Need is a song by French recording artist Miss Kittin.	All You Need	Miss Kittin
performer	10¢ Billionaire is the sixth album released by the hard rock band BulletBoys.	10¢ Billionaire	BulletBoys
performer	``Dancing with Mr. D.'' is the opening track of rock and roll band The Rolling Stones' 1973 album Goats Head Soup.	Dancing with Mr. D	The Rolling Stones
performer	Count Yourself In is the debut album by the pop punk band Ten Second Epic.	Count Yourself In	Ten Second Epic
performer	Who Do Ya (Love) is the fifth studio album by the funk and disco group KC and the Sunshine Band.	Who Do Ya (Love)	KC and the Sunshine Band
performer	Rhythm of Fear is the third full-length studio album from American crossover thrash band, M.O.D..	Rhythm of Fear	M.O.D.
performer	Le Volume du vent is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock group Karkwa, released in 2008.	Le Volume du vent	Karkwa
performer	Rock & Roll Madness is the second album by American rock group Ruby, featuring Tom Fogerty.	Rock & Roll Madness	Ruby
performer	Meowingtons Hax Tour Trax is a compilation album by artists who are signed to deadmau5's record label, mau5trap.	Meowingtons Hax Tour Trax	deadmau5
performer	Long Way to Heaven is the fifth studio album by the Canadian heavy metal band Helix.	Long Way to Heaven	Helix
performer	The Original Soundtrack is the third studio album by the English art rock band 10cc.	The Original Soundtrack	10cc
performer	Strange Mercy was written in Seattle while Annie Clark spent time in isolation there, an experience Clark described as a ``loneliness experiment'' and ``a cleanse.''	Strange Mercy	Annie Clark
performer	Dead Men Don't Smoke Marijuana is the last album by Sierra Leonean highlife and palm wine musician S. E. Rogie, featuring the double bassist, Danny Thompson.	Dead Men Don't Smoke Marijuana	S. E. Rogie
performer	``Coin-Operated Boy'' is a single by The Dresden Dolls duo, taken from the self-titled debut album The Dresden Dolls.	Coin-Operated Boy	The Dresden Dolls
performer	``If Only I Had My Mind on Something Else'' is a country song recorded by the Bee Gees.	If Only I Had My Mind on Something Else	Bee Gees
performer	Kala Cinta Menggoda (English: When Love Tempts) is a 1997 album by Indonesian singer Chrisye, with arrangement by Erwin Gutawa.	Kala Cinta Menggoda	Chrisye
performer	Edge of Winter is an album by New Zealand/Australian singer-songwriter Sharon O'Neill which was released by Polydor in 1990.	Edge of Winter	Sharon O'Neill
performer	``Not Enough Time'' is the third single from the 1992 album Welcome to Wherever You Are, it was released simultaneously with ``Baby Don't Cry'' (Europe and Australia) but only in the US and Japan, by Australian rock band INXS.	Not Enough Time	INXS
performer	Hallelujah Time! is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded between 1963 and 1966 and released on the Prestige label.	Hallelujah Time!	Jack McDuff
performer	Wake/Lift is the second full-length album by post-metal band Rosetta.	Wake/Lift	Rosetta
performer	``Evan Di Unna Pethan'' (Tamil: எவன்டி உன்ன பெத்தான்; English: Who gave birth to you?) is a song by Indian artist and film composer Yuvan Shankar Raja.	Evan Di Unna Pethan	Yuvan Shankar Raja
performer	``All the Young Dudes'' is a song written by David Bowie, originally recorded and released as a single by Mott the Hoople in 1972.	All the Young Dudes	Mott the Hoople
performer	``Ride My See-Saw'' is a hit 1968 single by the English progressive rock band The Moody Blues.	Ride My See-Saw	The Moody Blues
performer	``When Under Ether'' is a song written by PJ Harvey for her album White Chalk (2007).	When Under Ether	PJ Harvey
performer	``(It's Not War) Just the End of Love'' is a song by Manic Street Preachers and both the opener and the lead single of their tenth album Postcards From a Young Man.	(It's Not War) Just the End of Love	Manic Street Preachers
performer	``The Last Song I'll Write for You'' is a song recorded by American Idol season 7 winner and singer-songwriter David Cook.	The Last Song I'll Write for You	David Cook
performer	Bursting Bubbles is a studio LP by the rock artist Kevin Coyne which was released in 1980.	Bursting Bubbles	Kevin Coyne
performer	``Wir beide'' (German: The two of us) is the name of the seventh single of German pop/rock group Juli.	Wir beide	Juli
performer	Gr8 Story (Great Story, typeset as gr8 story) is a single by Japanese visual kei rock band Sug.	Gr8 Story	Sug
performer	Hdoudi Sama (Arabic: حدودي السما - The sky is my limit‎) is a studio album by Carole Samaha.	Hdoudi Sama	Carole Samaha
performer	Electronic Meditation is the debut album by the German electronic music group Tangerine Dream.	Electronic Meditation	Tangerine Dream
performer	Jealous Girls is a single by the band The Gossip.	Jealous Girls	Gossip
performer	Stairs and Flowers is a single by the band Skinny Puppy from the album Mind:	Stairs and Flowers	Skinny Puppy
performer	Traveling Miles is the thirteenth overall album by American jazz vocalist Cassandra Wilson.	Traveling Miles	Cassandra Wilson
performer	Smartie Mine (1999) is Iowa native singer/songwriter Dan Bern's follow-up to Fifty Eggs.	Smartie Mine	Dan Bern
performer	In the Spotlight is the fifteenth studio album by the American singer-songwriter and bass guitar player Suzi Quatro.	In the Spotlight	Suzi Quatro
performer	``Chopped 'n' Skrewed'' is the second single released from R&B singer-songwriter T-Pain's third album, Thr33 Ringz.	Chopped 'n' Skrewed	T-Pain
performer	Two Shoes is the second studio album by Australian ska-jazz band The Cat Empire, which was issued on 19 April 2005.	Two Shoes	The Cat Empire
performer	Scattered Practices is Ezekiel Honig's fourth album, released October 2006 by Microcosm Music.	Scattered Practices	Ezekiel Honig
performer	She Is a Song is the second solo album by country rock musician Rick Roberts.	She Is a Song	Rick Roberts
performer	Unknown Territory is the second studio album from U.K. dance act Bomb the Bass.	Unknown Territory	Bomb the Bass
performer	Acquiring the Taste was the second album of English progressive rock band Gentle Giant, released in 1971.	Acquiring the Taste	Gentle Giant
performer	``To Where You Are'' is a song by American singer Josh Groban that appears on his 2001 debut album.	To Where You Are	Josh Groban
performer	``So Gently We Go'' is a song by Canadian rock band I Mother Earth, released as a single from their debut studio album, Dig. The song reached #1 on Canada's CANCON chart.	So Gently We Go	I Mother Earth
performer	D-Formation is the fifth full-length studio album by J-pop singer Minori Chihara.	D-Formation	Minori Chihara
performer	``Dontchange'' is the second and last single from Musiq Soulchild's second album Juslisen.	Dontchange	Musiq Soulchild
performer	``What I Mean'' is a song by French house producer Modjo.	What I Mean	Modjo
performer	Selbstportrait is the third solo album by German keyboardist Hans-Joachim Roedelius, best known for his work with Cluster, Harmonia, and Aquarello.	Selbstportrait	Hans-Joachim Roedelius
performer	``Drifter's Escape'' is a song written by Bob Dylan and released on his 1967 album John Wesley Harding.	Drifter's Escape	Bob Dylan
performer	Love Unstoppable is an album from Contemporary Gospel singer Fred Hammond.	Love Unstoppable	Fred Hammond
performer	Nineteeneighties is a 2006 cover album by Grant-Lee Phillips.	Nineteeneighties	Grant-Lee Phillips
performer	East Side San Jose is the debut album by American guitarist and keyboardist Clifford Coulter recorded in 1970 for the Impulse! label.	East Side San Jose	Clifford Coulter
performer	The Habit of Fire is a 2007 album by Indonesian avant-garde metal band Kekal.	The Habit of Fire	Kekal
performer	``Shake the Disease'' is Depeche Mode's thirteenth UK single recorded at Hansa Mischraum in Berlin (released on 29 April 1985), and was one of two new songs released on the compilation The Singles (81-85) the same year, along with ``It's Called a Heart''.	Shake the Disease	Depeche Mode
performer	One Among the Living is the fourth studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery.	One Among the Living	Mystery
performer	Strange News from the Angels is the third and final album by New Zealand band The 3Ds.	Strange News from the Angels	The 3Ds
performer	``Your Mama Don't Dance'' is a hit 1972 song by the rock duo Loggins and Messina.	Your Mama Don't Dance	Loggins and Messina
performer	Whole New You is American singer-songwriter and musician Shawn Colvin's sixth album, and also her sixth studio album, released in 2001.	Whole New You	Shawn Colvin
performer	Tied Down is the only official studio album by hardcore punk band Negative Approach.	Tied Down	Negative Approach
performer	``Throw Some D's'' is the first single from the self-titled album of rap artist Rich Boy, and his most commercially successful song to date.	Throw Some D's	Rich Boy
performer	Smooth as the Wind is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell with strings and brass recorded in late 1960 and early 1961 and released on the Riverside label.	Smooth as the Wind	Blue Mitchell
performer	Tonight At The Arizona was released in 2007 by The Felice Brothers on English Label Loose.	Tonight At The Arizona	The Felice Brothers
performer	Let's Go Everywhere is an album of children's music released by Medeski Martin & Wood.	Let's Go Everywhere	Medeski Martin & Wood
performer	Šta je to u tvojim venama (English: What Is In Your Veins?), later renamed Kukavica (English: Coward), is the fifth studio album by Serbian singer Ceca.	Šta je to u tvojim venama	Ceca
performer	``You're Beautiful'' is a song co-written by British singer James Blunt, Sacha Skarbek, and Amanda Ghost for Blunt's debut album, Back to Bedlam (2004).	You're Beautiful	James Blunt
performer	``Beds Are Burning'' is a 1987 song by Australian rock band Midnight Oil, the first track from their album Diesel and Dust.	Beds Are Burning	Midnight Oil
performer	``All the Reasons Why'' is a song written by Paulette Carlson and Beth Nielsen Chapman, and recorded by American country music group Highway 101.	All the Reasons Why	Highway 101
performer	Skip the Goodbyes is the second album from Amfibian, led by Phish lyricist Tom Marshall and guitarist Anthony Krizan.	Skip the Goodbyes	Amfibian
performer	All This Everything is the third album by rock band Perpetual Groove.	All This Everything	Perpetual Groove
performer	``Listen to Your Father'' is pop vocalist Feargal Sharkey's first single as a solo artist, released in 1984.	Listen to Your Father	Feargal Sharkey
performer	Songs in Red and Gray is the sixth studio album release by New York-based singer/songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega.	Songs in Red and Gray	Suzanne Vega
performer	The Quiet Times of a Rock and Roll Farm Boy is the second solo album by American country music artist Big Kenny, one-half of the duo Big & Rich.	The Quiet Times of a Rock and Roll Farm Boy	Big Kenny
performer	``Always Where I Need to Be'' is a song by British rock band The Kooks featured on their second album, Konk.	Always Where I Need to Be	The Kooks
performer	Tulikoira is the nineteenth album recorded by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle.	Tulikoira	Circle
performer	Super Highways is the second album by New Order members Gillian Gilbert and Stephen Morris under the name The Other Two.	Super Highways	The Other Two
performer	``Nothin' You Can Do About It'' is a rock song recorded by Richard Marx for his second album, Repeat Offender.	Nothin' You Can Do About It	Richard Marx
performer	Likes... is the first solo album by Dani Siciliano.	Likes...	Dani Siciliano
performer	Bet You Think I'm Lonely was the fourth album released by the Wild Strawberries, and the only album released under the band's own label Strawberry Records.	Bet You Think I'm Lonely	Wild Strawberries
performer	``Hoy Como Ayer'' (``Today Like Yesterday'') is a song performed by Mexican group Conjunto Primavera.	Hoy Como Ayer	Conjunto Primavera
performer	Simon Adebisi is a fictional character played by Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje on the HBO dramatic series Oz. Adebisi serves as one of the main characters in the first four seasons.	Simon Adebisi	Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje
performer	Hit the Highway is the third studio album by The Proclaimers, released in 1994.	Hit the Highway	The Proclaimers
performer	Chemistry Lock is the debut album by English electronic musician Kevin Gorman.	Chemistry Lock	Kevin Gorman
performer	``Knee Deep'' is a song recorded by American country music group Zac Brown Band with Jimmy Buffett.	Knee Deep	Zac Brown Band	Jimmy Buffett
performer	``24's'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., released April 15, 2003 as the lead single from his second studio album Trap Muzik (2003).	24's	T.I.
performer	``Time Will Crawl'' is the second track on David Bowie's album Never Let Me Down and was issued as the second single from the album.	Time Will Crawl	David Bowie
performer	Thug in Thug Out is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Young Noble and Hussein Fatal from hip-hop group Outlawz, released September 11, 2007 on High Powered/Koch Records.	Thug in Thug Out	Young Noble
performer	``I Still...'' is a song from the Backstreet Boys' fifth studio album, Never Gone.	I Still...	Backstreet Boys
performer	Niuva 20 is an EP released in 2005 by the band Turmion Kätilöt.	Niuva 20	Turmion Kätilöt
performer	Grind Bastard is the fifth album by the death metal band Benediction and the last to feature Dave Ingram on vocals.	Grind Bastard	Benediction
performer	F Album is the sixth studio album of the Japanese duo KinKi Kids.	F Album	KinKi Kids
performer	For Bitter or Worse is the sixth studio album from the Dutch singer Anouk.	For Bitter or Worse	Anouk
performer	``Suki da Nante Ienai'' (好きだなんて言えない, ``I Can't Say I Love You'') is Fayray's 14th single and last on avex trax.	Suki da Nante Ienai	Fayray
performer	``Through the Rain'' is a song by American singer Mariah Carey, taken from her ninth studio album, Charmbracelet (2002).	Through the Rain	Mariah Carey
performer	``Tokyo (Vampires & Wolves)'' is a song by Liverpudlian indie band, The Wombats.	Tokyo (Vampires & Wolves)	The Wombats
performer	Sundark and Riverlight stylised ``Sun☽ark and Riverlight'' is a double album released by English-Irish singer-songwriter Patrick Wolf on 15 October 2012.	Sundark and Riverlight	Patrick Wolf
performer	``Don't Trust Me'' (commonly referred to as ``Don't Trust a Ho'' or ``The Helen Keller Song'') is the second single by the band 3OH!3 and the third track from their second album Want.	Don't Trust Me	3OH
performer	Moment Bends is the fourth studio album by Australian indie pop band Architecture in Helsinki.	Moment Bends	Architecture in Helsinki
performer	``Pronto a correre'' (English: Ready to run) is a song recorded by Italian singer Marco Mengoni for his album #prontoacorrere.	Pronto a correre	Marco Mengoni
performer	``Stairway to Heaven'' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, released in late 1971.	Stairway to Heaven	Led Zeppelin
performer	``Kiss One More Time'' is a song by Tomoko Kawase, released as her second single under Tommy February6, on November 21, 2001.	Kiss One More Time	Tomoko Kawase
performer	Where Are You Now, My Son? is an album by Joan Baez, released in early 1973.	Where Are You Now, My Son?	Joan Baez
performer	``Brother Sport'' is the third single from Animal Collective's 2009 album Merriweather Post Pavilion, released on November 9, 2009 by Domino Records.	Brother Sport	Animal Collective
performer	Stumfilm (Silent Movie) is an EP by bob hund, released in 2010.	Stumfilm	bob hund
performer	Any Way You Like It is the fourth album by Thelma Houston, released late October 1976 on Tamla Records.	Any Way You Like It	Thelma Houston
performer	Still Loving It is an English language song performed by Swedish singer Eric Saade.	Still Loving It	Eric Saade
performer	Rubbing Doesn't Help is the third album by Magnapop, released in 1996.	Rubbing Doesn't Help	Magnapop
performer	A Bing Bang Holidang is a charity holiday music album by Bleu.	A Bing Bang Holidang	Bleu
performer	Cowboy in Sweden is a 1970 album by musician Lee Hazlewood.	Cowboy in Sweden	Lee Hazlewood
performer	Schwarz Weiss is a 2005 album by Austrian pop/rock singer Christina Stürmer.	Schwarz Weiss	Christina Stürmer
performer	The Delirium Has Just Began... is the second studio album by the Brazilian folk metal band Tuatha de Danann, released in 2002.	The Delirium Has Just Began...	Tuatha de Danann
performer	It Looks Like Snow is the third album by singer--songwriter Phoebe Snow, released in 1976.	It Looks Like Snow	Phoebe Snow
performer	``Hundido En Un Rincón'' (English: Depressed in a corner) is the second radio single and the third track off of Maná's fourth studio album, Cuando los Ángeles Lloran in 1995.	Hundido En Un Rincón	Maná
performer	``Moonlight Swim'' was a hit song written by Ben Weisman and Sylvia Dee, and recorded by Nick Noble for Mercury Records.	Moonlight Swim	Nick Noble
performer	``Got That Good (My Bubble Gum)'' is a song by rapper Rasheeda released as the second single from her third album GA Peach and the first single from her fourth album Dat Type of Gurl.	Got That Good (My Bubble Gum)	Rasheeda
performer	Rise or Die Trying is the second full-length album from American rock band Four Year Strong.	Rise or Die Trying	Four Year Strong
performer	``Boughetto'' is a 2002 rap single from the album Heavy Starch by Ali featuring Murphy Lee about being boughetto.	Boughetto	Ali	Murphy Lee
performer	The Outer View is an album by George Russell originally released on Riverside in 1962.	The Outer View	George Russell
performer	Y'a ben du changement (There's a Lot of Change) is a 1978 album by La Bottine Souriante.	Y'a ben du changement	La Bottine Souriante
performer	Esoteric Circle is the debut album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, originally released under the band name ``The Esoteric Circle'' on Bob Thiele's Flying Dutchman label but re-issued under his name on the Freedom imprint, performed by Garbarek with Terje Rypdal, Arild Andersen and Jon Christensen.	Esoteric Circle	Jan Garbarek
performer	Bonamana (Hangul: 미인아; RR: Miina; literally: Beauty) is the fourth studio album of South Korean boy band Super Junior.	Bonamana	Super Junior
performer	The Homeland is an album by Chicago-based rocker Bobby Conn and his backing band, the Glass Gypsies released on January 20, 2004 on Thrill Jockey records.	The Homeland	Bobby Conn
performer	``Sunshine on My Shoulders'' (sometimes titled simply ``Sunshine'') is a song recorded and co-written by American singer-songwriter John Denver.	Sunshine on My Shoulders	John Denver
performer	Kaleidoscalp is the fifteenth studio album by avant-garde guitarist Buckethead.	Kaleidoscalp	Buckethead
performer	The Art in Heaven Concert (full title Mike Oldfield The Art in Heaven Concert Live in Berlin) is a Mike Oldfield concert video taken from 2000 New Year's night (31 December 1999) concert at the Victory Column in Berlin, Germany, which is currently available on both CD and DVD.	The Art in Heaven Concert	Mike Oldfield
performer	Stay Sick! is the fourth studio album (and ninth album overall) by the American garage punk band The Cramps.	Stay Sick!	The Cramps
performer	Das nächste Album aller Zeiten (German for ``The next album of all time'') is an album by German Heavy Metal band Knorkator, released in February 2007.	Das nächste Album aller Zeiten	Knorkator
performer	From Playground 'til Now was the debut release of Some Velvet Sidewalk.	From Playground 'til Now	Some Velvet Sidewalk
performer	Massive Conspiracy Against All Life is the third full-length album by San Francisco-based one-man black metal band Leviathan.	Massive Conspiracy Against All Life	Leviathan
performer	The Essence Part One is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in Paris in 1994 and New York in 1995 and released on the Birdology label.	The Essence Part One	Ahmad Jamal
performer	``Dove si vola'' (meaning ``Where we fly'' in Italian) is the debut single by Marco Mengoni, an Italian singer who won the third season of Italian series of The X Factor in 2009.	Dove si vola	Marco Mengoni
performer	``Żałuję'' (English: I regret) is a first solo single from Polish singer Ewelina Flinta.	Żałuję	Ewelina Flinta
performer	Another Game is the fifth studio album by P-Model and the last to feature the rhythm section of Sadatoshi Tainaka and Tatsuya Kikuchi.	Another Game	P-Model
performer	Between Birth and Death is the second full-length studio album by alternative metal band Sunk Loto.	Between Birth and Death	Sunk Loto
performer	Learning to Be Silent is the third album by composer C.W. Vrtacek, released in 1986 through Cordelia Records.	Learning to Be Silent	C.W. Vrtacek
performer	``C Moon'' is a pop song with a reggae beat, written by Paul and Linda McCartney and performed by Wings.	C Moon	Wings
performer	Dead Forever... is the debut album for Australian proto-Heavy Metal band Buffalo, recorded and originally released in 1972.	Dead Forever...	Buffalo
performer	``They Killed Him'' is a song written by Kris Kristofferson for his 1985 album Repossessed.	They Killed Him	Kris Kristofferson
performer	Na Beregu Neba (Russian: На Берегу Неба) is an album by Dima Bilan released in July 2004.	Na Beregu Neba	Dima Bilan
performer	``I Honestly Love You'' (first released in Australia as ``I Love You, I Honestly Love You'', per its chorus) was a worldwide pop hit single for Olivia Newton-John in 1974.	I Honestly Love You	Olivia Newton-John
performer	``Liquid Confidence'' (written ``Liquid Confidence (Nothing to Lose)'' on the album) is the third single by British rock band You Me at Six, taken from their second studio album, Hold Me Down.	Liquid Confidence (Nothing to Lose)	You Me at Six
performer	Allegorical Misunderstanding is a 1993 album by the band Fushitsusha.	Allegorical Misunderstanding	Fushitsusha
performer	Kreshchenie ognyom (Russian: Крещение огнём; lit. Baptism by Fire) is Aria's 9th studio album, the first which does not feature long-time vocalist and co-founder of the band - Valery Kipelov.	Kreshchenie ognyom	Aria
performer	``The New Workout Plan'' is the final single from Kanye West's debut album, The College Dropout.	The New Workout Plan	Kanye West
performer	What It Is to Burn is the debut album by American post-hardcore band Finch.	What It Is to Burn	Finch
performer	Expedition to the Hairier Peaks (also written as Expedition to THR Hairier Peaks) is the fourth album by the noise rock band Mindflayer.	Expedition to the Hairier Peaks	Mindflayer
performer	``Money Don't Matter 2 Night'' is a song by Prince and The New Power Generation from their 1991 album, Diamonds and Pearls.	Money Don't Matter 2 Night	Prince
performer	The Pentateuch of the Cosmogony is a concept album and multimedia project by Patrick Woodroffe and Dave Greenslade, released in 1979.	The Pentateuch of the Cosmogony	Dave Greenslade
performer	``I Kiss Your Lips'' is a song recorded by the German electronic dance music group Tokyo Ghetto Pussy.	I Kiss Your Lips	Tokyo Ghetto Pussy
performer	``Has It Come to This?'' is a song by UK rapper The Streets.	Has It Come to This?	The Streets
performer	``Sweet Little Baby Boy'' is a Christmas song written by James Brown and Nat Jones.	Sweet Little Baby Boy	James Brown
performer	Otro Día Más Sin Verte (English: Just Another Day), also called Sentir in Spain, is the Spanish-language debut album by Cuban singer Jon Secada.	Otro Día Más Sin Verte	Jon Secada
performer	``Repeated Offender'' is the third single from the British indie rock band The Rifles, from their debut record No Love Lost.	Repeated Offender	The Rifles
performer	Deodato 2 is a 1973 album of Brazilian keyboardist Eumir Deodato It features noted session guitarist John Tropea on 4 tracks and virtuoso bassist Stanley Clarke on one song, ``Skyscrapers''.	Deodato 2	Eumir Deodato
performer	Hi Voltage is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on October 9, 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.	Hi Voltage	Hank Mobley
performer	``Watch This'' is a song written by Ron Harbin, Aaron Barker and Anthony L. Smith, recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker.	Watch This	Clay Walker
performer	``Most Likely You Go Your Way and I'll Go Mine'' is the first track of the second disc of the 1966 album Blonde on Blonde, the seventh album from singer-songwriter Bob Dylan.	Most Likely You Go Your Way and I'll Go Mine	Bob Dylan
performer	``The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest'' is a song on Bob Dylan's 1967 album John Wesley Harding.	The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest	Bob Dylan
performer	Silver Side Up is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Nickelback; it was released on September 11, 2001.	Silver Side Up	Nickelback
performer	``Get Back'' is a song recorded by the Beatles and written by Paul McCartney (though credited to Lennon-McCartney), originally released as a single on 11 April 1969 and credited to ``The Beatles with Billy Preston.''	Get Back	The Beatles	Billy Preston
performer	``Princess of the Night'' is a single by British heavy metal band Saxon, featured as the opening track and single from their 1981 album Denim and Leather; the song was written as a group production of all five members of the band at the time:	Princess of the Night	Saxon
performer	O.G. Original Gangster has been seen as Ice T's best record, and has over the years has been seen as a west coast classic.	O.G. Original Gangster	Ice T
performer	Koi no Jubaku (恋の呪縛) (Love's Spell) is the fifth single by Berryz Kobo.	Koi no Jubaku	Berryz Kobo
performer	``A to the B'' is a single by Danish dance/house duo Infernal from the album From Paris to Berlin.	A to the B	Infernal
performer	Vapor Trails is the seventeenth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush, produced by Paul Northfield and released in May 2002.	Vapor Trails	Rush
performer	My Own Best Enemy is the seventh studio album by soft rock singer/songwriter Richard Marx.	My Own Best Enemy	Richard Marx
performer	Welcome to the Morbid Reich is the ninth studio album by the Polish death metal band Vader.	Welcome to the Morbid Reich	Vader
performer	Where My Heart Is is the second studio album of Country music artist Ronnie Milsap.	Where My Heart Is	Ronnie Milsap
performer	Bluesin' Around is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1961 and 1962 and first released on the Columbia label in 1983.	Bluesin' Around	Kenny Burrell
performer	``Better on the Other Side'' is a tribute song from American recording artists Game, Chris Brown, Diddy, DJ Khalil, Polow da Don, Mario Winans, Usher and Boyz II Men dedicated to Michael Jackson.	Better on the Other Side	Game	Chris Brown	DJ Khalil	Polow da Don	Mario Winans	Usher	Boyz II Men
performer	``Boom Boom (Let's Go Back to My Room)'' is the debut single by American singer and model Paul Lekakis.	Boom Boom (Let's Go Back to My Room)	Paul Lekakis
performer	Maximum Jee&Jee is Eppu Normaali's second album, released on 17 April 1979.	Maximum Jee&Jee	Eppu Normaali
performer	``Everything Is Average Nowadays'' is a song by English rock band Kaiser Chiefs and is the ninth track on their second album, Yours Truly, Angry Mob.	Everything Is Average Nowadays	Kaiser Chiefs
performer	Psychoschizophrenia is the fourth studio album by the American glam metal band Lillian Axe, released in 1993.	Psychoschizophrenia	Lillian Axe
performer	Between the Eyes is the debut album of Seattle-based rock band Love Battery.	Between the Eyes	Love Battery
performer	``Stupid Shit'' is the second single by the American pop group Girlicious's debut album Girlicious.	Stupid Shit	Girlicious
performer	``Tears of the Dragon'' is the first single from Bruce Dickinson's second solo album, Balls to Picasso, released on 28 May 1994.	Tears of the Dragon	Bruce Dickinson
performer	``Alice's Restaurant Massacree'' is a record by singer-songwriter Arlo Guthrie, released on his 1967 debut album Alice's Restaurant.	Alice's Restaurant	Arlo Guthrie
performer	Ambleside Days is an album by jazz pianist John Taylor and John Surman, recorded and released in 1992 on Ah Um Records.	Ambleside Days	John Taylor
performer	Right for the Time is an album by Waylon Jennings, released on Justice Records, an independent label, in 1996.	Right for the Time	Waylon Jennings
performer	Haven't We Met? is an album by the Canadian jazz singer and voice actress Emilie-Claire Barlow.	Haven't We Met?	Emilie-Claire Barlow
performer	``I Can't Win for Losin' You' is a song written by Robert Byrne and Rick Bowles and recorded by Earl Thomas Conley.	I Can't Win for Losin' You	Earl Thomas Conley
performer	``We Laughed'' is a three track single by English musician Billy Bragg as part of the Rosetta Life project.	We Laughed	Billy Bragg
performer	``Lazy Days'' is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams.	Lazy Days	Robbie Williams
performer	2nd Anniversary is a studio album recorded by American R&B group Gladys Knight & the Pips, released in October 1975 on the Buddah label.	2nd Anniversary	Gladys Knight & the Pips
performer	Four Altos is an album by saxophonists Phil Woods Gene Quill, Sahib Shihab and Hal Stein recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.	Four Altos	Phil Woods
performer	``United/Zyklon B Zombie'' is the debut single by industrial band Throbbing Gristle.	United/Zyklon B Zombie	Throbbing Gristle
performer	``How Can You Expect to Be Taken Seriously?'' is the third single from Pet Shop Boys' album Behaviour.	How Can You Expect to Be Taken Seriously?	Pet Shop Boys
performer	Maapallo is the second solo studio album by a Finnish reggae artist Raappana.	Maapallo	Raappana
performer	Eleven Questions (2007) is international collaboration of Robert Rich and Markus Reuter which was conceived, composed and recorded in person in one intense week at Rich's Soundscape studio in California.	Eleven Questions	Robert Rich	Markus Reuter
performer	Ripp rapp is the fourth studio album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell and was released on September 4, 1979, through Parlophone.	Ripp rapp	Ulf Lundell
performer	Aerocalexico is a 2001 Calexico album that was only available on their 2001 tour or on their website.	Aerocalexico	Calexico
performer	``Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)'' is a song written by the American singer-songwriter Alan Jackson.	Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)	Alan Jackson
performer	``Stuck in My Throat'' is the fourth single by Surrey-based rock band Reuben, and the first to be taken from the album Racecar Is Racecar Backwards.	Stuck in My Throat	Reuben
performer	``I Wish I Was Queer So I Could Get Chicks'' is the fourth single from The Bloodhound Gang's 1996 (re-released in 1998) album One Fierce Beer Coaster.	I Wish I Was Queer So I Could Get Chicks	Bloodhound Gang
performer	Yo No Canto, Pero Lo Intentamos is the second studio album by Mexican recording artist Espinoza Paz.	Yo No Canto, Pero Lo Intentamos	Espinoza Paz
performer	``The Streak'' is a popular country/novelty song written, produced, and sung by Ray Stevens.	The Streak	Ray Stevens
performer	The Thousandfold Epicentre is the second and final full-length studio album by Dutch occult-themed rock group The Devil's Blood.	The Thousandfold Epicentre	The Devil's Blood
performer	``La débâcle des sentiments'' is a 2007 song recorded by French singer and composer Stanislas, as a duet with Calogero.	La débâcle des sentiments	Stanislas	Calogero
performer	``The Anatomy of a School Shooting'' is a song by American rapper Ill Bill, which was released on April 16, 2004.	The Anatomy of a School Shooting	Ill Bill
performer	``Find the Real'' is a song recorded and performed by hard rock band Alter Bridge.	Find the Real	Alter Bridge
performer	The Heroin Diaries Soundtrack, often referred to as simply The Heroin Diaries, is the debut studio album by Sixx: A.M., a side project of Mötley Crüe bassist Nikki Sixx.	The Heroin Diaries Soundtrack	Sixx: A.M.
performer	Choice of Weapon is the ninth album by the British rock band The Cult.	Choice of Weapon	The Cult
performer	Screamin' 'n' Bleedin' is the second album by British heavy metal band Angel Witch.	Screamin' 'n' Bleedin'	Angel Witch
performer	``Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir'' (I am the longing in you) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir	Die Toten Hosen
performer	``Whatever U Like'' is a song by American recording artist Nicole Scherzinger, featuring rapper T.I..	Whatever U Like	Nicole Scherzinger	T.I.
performer	Ego War is the debut album of British electronic duo Audio Bullys, released in 2003.	Ego War	Audio Bullys
performer	Dreams of Breathing Underwater is a 2008 album by folk singer and violin player Eliza Carthy.	Dreams of Breathing Underwater	Eliza Carthy
performer	F'Real is the first album by hip hop artist Murs.	F'Real	Murs
performer	Ying Yang Forever is the sixth studio album by Atlanta-based rap duo Ying Yang Twins.	Ying Yang Forever	Ying Yang Twins
performer	``Make It Rain'' is the first single released from Fat Joe's seventh album Me, Myself & I. It features Lil Wayne, who only sings the chorus (but contributes a verse on the remix), and was produced by Scott Storch.	Make It Rain	Fat Joe	Lil Wayne
performer	Time Is is the final studio album recorded by The Idle Race.	Time Is	The Idle Race
performer	``In Another Lifetime'' is a song written by Chris Hillman and Steve Hill, and recorded by American country rock band The Desert Rose Band.	In Another Lifetime	The Desert Rose Band
performer	Rain Is Fallin'/Hybrid Dream is the 26th single by Japanese pop group W-inds.	Rain Is Fallin'/Hybrid Dream	W-inds
performer	Funk All Y'all is the debut album by American electro band Detroit Grand Pubahs, released in August 2001 by record label Intuit-Solar and featuring the successful single ``Sandwiches''.	Funk All Y'all	Detroit Grand Pubahs
performer	In Thought is the debut album by the Australian progressive metal band Vanishing Point.	In Thought	Vanishing Point
performer	Megaritual is a record by Omar Rodríguez-López released by Willie Anderson Recordings.	Megaritual	Omar Rodríguez-López
performer	``A la Primera Persona'' (English: To the First Person) is a love song recorded by the Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz.	A la Primera Persona	Alejandro Sanz
performer	Palomine was the first album by the Dutch indie band Bettie Serveert.	Palomine	Bettie Serveert
performer	Mothball Mint is a solo CD by Kevin Hearn, keyboardist of Barenaked Ladies.	Mothball Mint	Kevin Hearn
performer	Cold Roses is the sixth studio album by alt-country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams, released on May 3, 2005 on Lost Highway.	Cold Roses	Ryan Adams
performer	Key to My Life is the third single from Irish Boyband Boyzone.	Key to My Life	Boyzone
performer	The Bass-ic Collection is a Stanley Clarke album released in 1997.	The Bass-ic Collection	Stanley Clarke
performer	Dlya millionov (Russian: Для миллионов, meaning 'For Millions') is the eighth studio album by the Russian ska punk band, Leningrad.	Dlya millionov	Leningrad
performer	Poem, ballader och lite blues (English: Poems, ballads and a little blues) is the sixth studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.	Poem, ballader och lite blues	Cornelis Vreeswijk
performer	The Dead Word is the fourth full-length studio album by the progressive metal band Deadsoul Tribe, released on November 11, 2005 by InsideOut Music.	The Dead Word	Deadsoul Tribe
performer	K-9 Bass is the third and final album released by rap group, The Dogs.	K-9 Bass	The Dogs
performer	Tales of Another is an album by American bassist Gary Peacock featuring Keith Jarrett and Jack DeJohnette recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.	Tales of Another	Gary Peacock
performer	The Island of Real is the ninth and final studio album by rock band The Rascals, released in 1972.	The Island of Real	The Rascals
performer	``A Light That Never Comes'' is a song written and recorded by American rock band Linkin Park, and is their first collaboration with American musician Steve Aoki.	A Light That Never Comes	Linkin Park
performer	Out of Business is the sixth album from Hip Hop duo EPMD, which changed its initialism for the release from Erick & Parrish Making Dollars to Erick & Parrish Millennium Ducats.	Out of Business	EPMD
performer	``Don't Give In to Him'' is a song written by Gary Usher, produced by Dick Glasser and recorded by Gary Puckett & The Union Gap for their 1969 album, The New Gary Puckett and the Union Gap Album.	Don't Give In to Him	Gary Puckett & The Union Gap
performer	Reunion Hill is a 1997 album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell.	Reunion Hill	Richard Shindell
performer	``Where Ever U Are'' is a house-dance song by international DJ & record producer Cedric Gervais.	Where Ever U Are	Cedric Gervais
performer	``It's a Short Walk from Heaven to Hell'' is a song written by Ken Bell, Terry Skinner and J. L. Wallace, and recorded by American country music artist and actor John Schneider.	It's a Short Walk from Heaven to Hell	John Schneider
performer	The Evil Empire of Everything is the twelfth studio album by hip hop group Public Enemy, released on October 1, 2012.	The Evil Empire of Everything	Public Enemy
performer	``Awnaw'' (featuring Jazze Pha) is the first single by the Kentucky rap group Nappy Roots, produced by James ``Groove'' Chambers.	Awnaw	Nappy Roots
performer	Lion & Pelican is the tenth studio album recorded and produced by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue, released in December 1982.	Lion & Pelican	Yōsui Inoue
performer	Love Death Immortality is the second album from American electronic music trio The Glitch Mob.	Love Death Immortality	The Glitch Mob
performer	Tu Veneno is the second album by Uruguayan singer and actress Natalia Oreiro.	Tu Veneno	Natalia Oreiro
performer	A War You Cannot Win is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band All That Remains.	A War You Cannot Win	All That Remains
performer	L.A.M.F. is the only studio album by the American band The Heartbreakers, which included Johnny Thunders, Jerry Nolan, Walter Lure and Billy Rath.	L.A.M.F.	The Heartbreakers
performer	Un Peu de l'Âme des Bandits (English: A Little of the Bandit Spirit) is the second album by Belgian avant-rock band Aksak Maboul.	Un Peu de l'Âme des Bandits	Aksak Maboul
performer	Dreaming Now! is the fifty-sixth single by Japanese artist Kumi Koda and was released on November 13, 2013.	Dreaming Now!	Kumi Koda
performer	To Strangers and Friends is the title of the fourth solo album by the British singer-songwriter John Pantry.	To Strangers and Friends	John Pantry
performer	``We Should Be Sleeping'' is a song by American rock singer Eddie Money, released as the fourth single from his album Can't Hold Back in 1986.	We Should Be Sleeping	Eddie Money
performer	``Dy-Na-Mi-Tee'' is Ms. Dynamite's second single from her first album, A Little Deeper.	Dy-Na-Mi-Tee	Ms. Dynamite
performer	40 år i folkparkens tjänst is a 2013 Wizex compilation album, consisting of rerecordings.	40 år i folkparkens tjänst	Wizex
performer	``I Love Livin' in the City'' is the first single by the punk rock band Fear.	I Love Livin' in the City	Fear
performer	``Nos Differences'' (English: ``Our Differences'') is a song by British-Norwegian boy band A1, released as the third single from their third studio album, Make It Good (2002).	Nos Differences	A1
performer	``Garaj Baras'' (Urdu: گرج برس, literal English translation: ``thunder and rain'') is the seventh track on the 2003 album Dewaar by the sufi rock band Junoon.	Garaj Baras	Junoon
performer	Kuschel Song (or Snuggle Song) is the first hit single released by Schnuffel.	Kuschel Song	Schnuffel
performer	Lullabies to Paralyze is the fourth studio album by Queens of the Stone Age, released on March 21, 2005.	Lullabies to Paralyze	Queens of the Stone Age
performer	Ghost of a Dog is the second album by American alternative rock band Edie Brickell & New Bohemians, released in 1990 (see 1990 in music).	Ghost of a Dog	Edie Brickell & New Bohemians
performer	``Hillbilly Shoes'' is a song recorded by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry.	Hillbilly Shoes	Montgomery Gentry
performer	Ordinary Alien - The Kinky Roland Files is an album by Boy George, featuring a collection of dance recordings made between 2001 and 2009.	Ordinary Alien	Boy George
performer	Room for Squares is the debut studio album by American musician John Mayer.	Room for Squares	John Mayer
performer	Heaven Forbid is the thirteenth studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in 1998.	Heaven Forbid	Blue Öyster Cult
performer	Revolution Revolución is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Ill Niño.	Revolution Revolución	Ill Niño
performer	The Sacred Talisman is the third album by Swedish power metal band Nocturnal Rites, their second on Century Media.	The Sacred Talisman	Nocturnal Rites
performer	``The Sailor Song'' (accompanied with the slogan ``Guaranteed To Make You Feel Good!'') is a song by Danish pop duo Toy-Box.	The Sailor Song	Toy-Box
performer	The Secret Migration is the sixth album by the alternative rock band Mercury Rev, released on January 24, 2005 in the UK (and a day later in the US).	The Secret Migration	Mercury Rev
performer	``I Think I'm Paranoid'' is an alternative rock song written, performed and produced by Garbage and was the second single released from their second album Version 2.0.	I Think I'm Paranoid	Garbage
performer	``Visit to Vienna'' is a song recorded by Sahara Hotnights on their 2007 studio album What If Leaving Is a Loving Thing (2007).	Visit to Vienna	Sahara Hotnights
performer	Dinosaur Sounds is a 2003 Catch 22 album and shows the band finally emerging from the shadow of former frontman Tomas Kalnoky.	Dinosaur Sounds	Catch 22
performer	Svijet glamura (English: The World of Glamour) is the seventh studio album by the Croatian punk rock band Hladno pivo.	Svijet glamura	Hladno pivo
performer	``All Mine'' is the second track and first single from English band Portishead's self-titled second album.	All Mine	Portishead
performer	Twassa Feyi is the debut album of Lebanese artist Yara and was produced and composed by the man who introduced her into the music industry Tarek Abou Jaoudeh in 2005.	Twassa Feyi	Yara
performer	Group Portrait is a compilation album by the American band Chicago, released in 1991 by Columbia Records and Legacy Recordings originally, later reissued on the band's Chicago Records label.	Group Portrait	Chicago
performer	Loud 'n' Raw is the fourth live album by the Japanese band Loudness.	Loud 'n' Raw	Loudness
performer	``A Bus for a Bus on the Bus'' is the only 7`` single by Cardiac Arrest, who later became Cardiacs.	A Bus for a Bus on the Bus	Cardiacs
performer	``Mest ondt'' is a Danish language hit song by Burhan G, a Danish pop singer, songwriter and producer of Kurdish origin, featuring Danish-Chilean singer Medina.	Mest ondt	Burhan G	Medina
performer	``The Sound (John M. Perkins' Blues)'' is a song written and recorded by Jon Foreman and Tim Foreman for the alternative rock band Switchfoot.	The Sound (John M. Perkins' Blues)	Switchfoot
performer	Bo-Day-Shus!!! is the fourth album by the rock/psychobilly musical artists Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper, released in 1987.	Bo-Day-Shus!!!	Mojo Nixon
performer	Easy 2 Hate is a full-length 2-disc album released by Haystak on November 30, 2010.	Easy 2 Hate	Haystak
performer	Twelve Reasons to Die is the tenth studio album by Wu-Tang Clan member, rapper Ghostface Killah.	Twelve Reasons to Die	Ghostface Killah
performer	The Mystery of Heaven is the second collaborative album by Jozef van Wissem & Jim Jarmusch.	The Mystery of Heaven	Jim Jarmusch
performer	``Goodbye Stranger'' is a song by the English rock band Supertramp, which first appeared on their sixth studio album, Breakfast in America (1979).	Goodbye Stranger	Supertramp
performer	Ces Gens-Là (English: Those people) is the eighth studio album by Jacques Brel.	Ces Gens-Là	Jacques Brel
performer	``You Made Me Believe in Magic'' is the title of a 1977 international hit single by the Bay City Rollers taken from their album It's a Game.	You Made Me Believe in Magic	Bay City Rollers
performer	Homem Primata is the sixth single by Titãs, released in 1987.	Homem Primata	Titãs
performer	Built from Scratch is the second studio album by New York City DJ group The X-Ecutioners.	Built from Scratch	The X-Ecutioners
performer	``Don't Do Me Like That'' is a song written by Tom Petty and recorded by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.	Don't Do Me Like That	Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
performer	``Rock & Roll Queen'' is a single from the British indie rock band The Subways, from their debut record Young for Eternity.	Rock & Roll Queen	The Subways
performer	``Do I Make You Proud'' is a soul-pop song written for American Idol season five winner Taylor Hicks by Tracy Ackerman, Andy Watkins and Paul Wilson of the Absolute production team, and co-produced by Dave Way.	Do I Make You Proud	Taylor Hicks
performer	The Blackening is the sixth album by American heavy metal band Machine Head.	The Blackening	Machine Head
performer	Atlanta's Burning Down is the third studio album by Dickey Betts of The Allman Brothers Band.	Atlanta's Burning Down	Dickey Betts
performer	``A Million Ways to Run'' is a song written and recorded by Canadian country artist Terri Clark.	A Million Ways to Run	Terri Clark
performer	Never Gonna Be Another One is Thelma Houston's eleventh studio album, released in 1981.	Never Gonna Be Another One	Thelma Houston
performer	``Girl and the Sea'' is the second EP by Australian electronic dance music duo The Presets.	Girl and the Sea	The Presets
performer	Seu Espião (English: Your spy) is the debut album by Brazilian pop band Kid Abelha, released in 1984 by WEA Records.	Seu Espião	Kid Abelha
performer	Hostile Environment is the third solo album of rapper/emcee Rasco.	Hostile Environment	Rasco
performer	FM 99.00 Dub Manifest is a studio album from Basque artist Fermin Muguruza.	FM 99.00 Dub Manifest	Fermin Muguruza
performer	Destiny of Love is the second special album by South Korean pianist Yiruma.	Destiny of Love	Yiruma
performer	Vodou Adjae is the first album of the Haitian music group Boukman Eksperyans.	Vodou Adjae	Boukman Eksperyans
performer	Living in Oz is an album released by rock musician Rick Springfield in 1983.	Living in Oz	Rick Springfield
performer	``Heavenly Action'' is a song by the British synthpop duo Erasure, released in November 1985 as their second single.	Heavenly Action	Erasure
performer	Too Cool to Care is the second and final studio album by rap duo New Boyz.	Too Cool to Care	New Boyz
performer	Rugged Road is the fifth studio album from reggae band The Aggrolites released in 2011.	Rugged Road	The Aggrolites
performer	``A Thing About You'', written by Per Gessle, is the only single from Swedish pop duo Roxette's 2002 compilation album The Ballad Hits.	A Thing About You	Roxette
performer	Lost Planets & Phantom Voices is 4th album solo by Guided by Voices member Tobin Sprout released in 2003.	Lost Planets & Phantom Voices	Tobin Sprout
performer	``Walk Away / Jailbreak'' is a split 7`` single by the Burden Brothers and the Supersuckers.	Walk Away / Jailbreak	Burden Brothers	Supersuckers
performer	God of the Serengeti is the second full-length studio album by Jedi Mind Tricks frontman/Army of the Pharaohs leader Vinnie Paz.	God of the Serengeti	Vinnie Paz
performer	Today We Are All Demons is an album by the American aggrotech band Combichrist.	Today We Are All Demons	Combichrist
performer	Live in Detroit, MI is a live album (2-CD set) by the band King Crimson, released by the Discipline Global Mobile through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in October 2001.	Live in Detroit, MI	King Crimson
performer	``Bring the Noise'' is a song by the American hip hop group Public Enemy.	Bring the Noise	Public Enemy
performer	``Teddy's Jam'' is a song by American R&B group Guy, recorded for their debut studio album Guy (1988).	Teddy's Jam	Guy
performer	Reach of Love is the eleventh studio album, from American Christian rock band Resurrection Band, released in 1993.	Reach of Love	Resurrection Band
performer	I Told You I Was Freaky is the second studio album by New Zealand folk parody duo Flight of the Conchords.	I Told You I Was Freaky	Flight of the Conchords
performer	Make Another World is the fifth full-length studio album by the Scottish rock band Idlewild, released on 5 March 2007 through Sequel Records.	Make Another World	Idlewild
performer	This One's from the Heart is a collection of songs which James Darren sang on Star Trek:	This One's from the Heart	James Darren
performer	``Who Am I (Sim Simma)'', or simply ``Who Am I'', is a reggae single released by dancehall artist Beenie Man in 1998.	Who Am I (Sim Simma)	Beenie Man
performer	``Can You Hear Me? (Ayayaya)'' is a single from British grime artist Wiley, featuring vocals from Skepta, Jme and Ms D. It was released as the second single from his eighth studio album The Ascent on 28 October 2012 for digital download in the United Kingdom.	Can You Hear Me? (Ayayaya)	Wiley	Skepta
performer	Life of a Ghost is an album released by Danish band Blue Foundation in Scandinavia in 2007 and in USA in 2009.	Life of a Ghost	Blue Foundation
performer	``Pégate'' (English: ``Get Closer'') is the second single from Ricky Martin's first live album, MTV Unplugged (2006).	Pégate	Ricky Martin
performer	``Hold You Down'' was also included on Fat Joe's album All or Nothing (2005).	Hold You Down	Fat Joe
performer	Infernal Machines is the debut studio album by Darcy James Argue's big band Secret Society.	Infernal Machines	Darcy James Argue
performer	``If I Talk to Him'' is a song written by Dolores Edgin and Priscilla Mitchell, and released as a single by American country artist Connie Smith.	If I Talk to Him	Connie Smith
performer	``The Onion Song'' was a hit for soul singers Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell in 1969.	The Onion Song	Marvin Gaye	Tammi Terrell
performer	Wappinschaw is the 1995 album from Cindytalk released by Touched Recordings.	Wappinschaw	Cindytalk
performer	Dancer and the Moon is the ninth studio album by the group Blackmore's Night, released on June 11, 2013.	Dancer and the Moon	Blackmore's Night
performer	Baby Makin' Music is the 30th studio album released by The Isley Brothers on the Def Soul Classics imprint on May 9, 2006.	Baby Makin' Music	The Isley Brothers
performer	The Apocalypse Manifesto is the third album by the Belgian black metal group Enthroned, released in 1999.	The Apocalypse Manifesto	Enthroned
performer	Further Explorations by the Horace Silver Quintet is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1958 featuring performances by Silver with Art Farmer, Clifford Jordan, Teddy Kotick, and Louis Hayes.	Further Explorations	Horace Silver
performer	Our Bright Future is Tracy Chapman's eighth studio album and was released on November 11, 2008.	Our Bright Future	Tracy Chapman
performer	Give Me All You Got is the fifth full-length solo album released by singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, Carrie Rodriguez, on January 22, 2013.	Give Me All You Got	Carrie Rodriguez
performer	``Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now'' is a single by British alternative rock band The Smiths that reached number ten on the UK Singles Chart in June 1984 before its inclusion on the compilation album, Hatful of Hollow.	Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now	The Smiths
performer	「ネガとポジ」(Nega to Poji) is the fourteen album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree.	Nega to Poji	Plastic Tree
performer	Smoke and Strong Whiskey is an album by Irish folk singer Christy Moore, released in 1991.	Smoke and Strong Whiskey	Christy Moore
performer	``Enamorado Por Primera Vez'' (Eng.: In Love for the First Time) is the title of the first single released by Enrique Iglesias from his second album, Vivir.	Enamorado Por Primera Vez	Enrique Iglesias
performer	Looking On is the third album by The Move, released in the UK in December 1970.	Looking On	The Move
performer	A me piace così is the first solo studio album from Emma Marrone published on October 19, 2010 from label Universal Music.	A me piace così	Emma Marrone
performer	Black Metal Warfare is the fifth full length and at the same time the first live album by the black metal band Horna.	Black Metal Warfare	Horna
performer	``Have a Cuppa Tea'' is a song written by Ray Davies and performed by The Kinks on their 1971 album Muswell Hillbillies.	Have a Cuppa Tea	The Kinks
performer	``Think It All Over'' is the twenty-second single by the English singer Sandie Shaw.	Think It All Over	Sandie Shaw
performer	``Amaze Me'' is a song performed by all-female German pop group No Angels.	Amaze Me	No Angels
performer	Buffet Hotel is the twenty sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett, released on December 8, 2009.	Buffet Hotel	Jimmy Buffett
performer	Simpukka-amppeli (1998) is an album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste.	Simpukka-amppeli	Absoluuttinen Nollapiste
performer	``Custard Pie'' is the opening track on the English rock band Led Zeppelin's sixth album, Physical Graffiti, released in 1975.	Custard Pie	Led Zeppelin
performer	``For a Good Time'' is a song by Australian rock duo Divinyls, released in late 1996 as the final single from their fifth studio album Underworld.	For a Good Time	Divinyls
performer	``Someday, Someday'' is the third single released from Thirsty Merc's debut album Thirsty Merc.	Someday, Someday	Thirsty Merc
performer	Powerful People is the title of both the second studio album of Italian-Canadian singer Gino Vannelli, and the sixth track on this album.	Powerful People	Gino Vannelli
performer	School Girl Bye Bye is the first album to be released by the indie band Number Girl.	School Girl Bye Bye	Number Girl
performer	Angles of Repose is an album by American composer, saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri with bassist Barre Phillips and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label.	Angles of Repose	Joe Maneri
performer	Drawn Inward is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker's Electro-Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 1998 and released on the ECM label.	Drawn Inward	Evan Parker
performer	Goodbye Bread is the fourth album by San Francisco garage rock singer-songwriter Ty Segall.	Goodbye Bread	Ty Segall
performer	Is There Nothing We Could Do? is the sixth studio album by Badly Drawn Boy, released in 2009.	Is There Nothing We Could Do?	Badly Drawn Boy
performer	Try a Little Kindness is the sixteenth album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1970.	Try a Little Kindness	Glen Campbell
performer	Sketch of Supposed Murderer is the fourth album recorded by Morgul.	Sketch of Supposed Murderer	Morgul
performer	Soul 2 is the eighth studio album by British soul/R&B singer Seal.	Soul 2	Seal
performer	The Band That Would Be King is the seventh album released by the Maryland rock group Half Japanese.	The Band That Would Be King	Half Japanese
performer	Several Arrows Later is the sixth album from Matt Pond PA, released in 2005.	Several Arrows Later	Matt Pond PA
performer	See Me Not is the second album from German post-rock trio Saroos.	See Me Not	Saroos
performer	``Mr. Sandman'' (sometimes rendered as ``Mister Sandman'') is a popular song written by Pat Ballard which was published in 1954 and first recorded in May of that year by Vaughn Monroe & His Orchestra and later that same year by The Chordettes.	Mr. Sandman	The Chordettes
performer	With My Song is a 1980 album by Debby Boone and her second studio album of that year.	With My Song	Debby Boone
performer	``Teacher I Need You'' is a song written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin that was first released on John's 1973 album Don't Shoot Me I'm Only the Piano Player.	Teacher I Need You	Elton John
performer	Getting Closer! is an album by guitarist Phil Keaggy, released in 1985, on Nissi Records.	Getting Closer!	Phil Keaggy
performer	Between Force and Fate is the second album by Velcra released in 2005.	Between Force and Fate	Velcra
performer	``Angels Brought Me Here'' (aka ``Faith Has Brought Me Here'') is a pop song performed by Australian singer Guy Sebastian.	Angels Brought Me Here	Guy Sebastian
performer	What I Was Made For is the fourth studio album by CCM, Christian rock band Big Daddy Weave.	What I Was Made For	Big Daddy Weave
performer	Geneticide is the first album by the aggrotech band Tactical Sekt.	Geneticide	Tactical Sekt
performer	``Sweetest Thing'' is a song by Irish group U2.	Sweetest Thing	U2
performer	Our Time Has Come is an album by Denise Ho, initially released on May 19, 2006, and later re-released on July 19, 2006.	Our Time Has Come	Denise Ho
performer	``Amish Paradise'' is a 1996 single by parodist ``Weird Al'' Yankovic.	Amish Paradise	Weird Al'' Yankovic
performer	Press On is the Grammy Award-winning second album by singer June Carter Cash.	Press On	June Carter Cash
performer	``Hey Man Nice Shot'' is a 1995 single by the industrial rock band Filter.	Hey Man Nice Shot	Filter
performer	``Why Won't You Give Me Your Love?'' was the first single to be released from The Zutons' second album Tired of Hanging Around.	Why Won't You Give Me Your Love?	The Zutons
performer	El Lado Oscuro (en: ``The Dark Side'') is the second studio album by power metal band DarkSun, released in 2004.	El Lado Oscuro	DarkSun
performer	Jazz a Confronto 19 is a solo album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Rome, Italy, on April 1, 1972, and released on the Horo label as part of the ``Jazz a Confronto'' series.	Jazz a Confronto 19	Mal Waldron
performer	Paris 1945 is a swing album featuring guitarist Django Reinhardt along with five members of Glenn Miller's Army Air Force big band.	Paris 1945	Django Reinhardt
performer	``Dark & Long'' is a single by Underworld, originally released in 1994 in the United Kingdom.	Dark & Long	Underworld
performer	Gangstabilly is the 1998 debut album of Athens via Alabama rock group Drive-By Truckers.	Gangstabilly	Drive-By Truckers
performer	Scarlet's Walk is the seventh album released in singer-songwriter Tori Amos' solo career.	Scarlet's Walk	Tori Amos
performer	My Desired Happiness (Chinese: 我要的幸福; pinyin: Wǒ Yào De Xìngfú) is Chinese Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun's (Chinese: 孫燕姿; pinyin: Sūn Yànzī) second Mandarin studio album.	My Desired Happiness	Stefanie Sun
performer	``It's Alright to Be a Redneck'' is a song written by Bill Kenner and Pat McLaughlin, and performed by American singer Alan Jackson.	It's Alright to Be a Redneck	Alan Jackson
performer	Comme si de rien n'était (English: As If Nothing Had Happened) is the third album of Italian-French singer and previous French first lady Carla Bruni.	Comme si de rien n'était	Carla Bruni
performer	``Nothing in This World'' was released on August 28, 2006 and is the second official single taken from Paris Hilton's debut album Paris, and features vocals from then-unknown pop singer Kesha.	Nothing in This World	Paris Hilton
performer	``Un geste d'amour'' is the first single from Anggun's second French studio album, Désirs contraires.	Un geste d'amour	Anggun
performer	The Life Burns Tour DVD is a release by Apocalyptica.	The Life Burns Tour	Apocalyptica
performer	``I'm Flexin''' is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., featuring vocals and production from fellow Southern rapper Big K.R.I.T..	I'm Flexin'	T.I.	Big K.R.I.T.
performer	Ödemarkens son (``Son of the Wilderness'') is the second full-length album by Swedish progressive/folk metal band Vintersorg.	Ödemarkens son	Vintersorg
performer	Scratches of Spain is an album by the English guitarist and bandleader Billy Jenkins, featuring the Voice of God Collective.	Scratches of Spain	Billy Jenkins
performer	Dick's Picks Volume 22 is a two-CD album by the rock group the Grateful Dead, the 22nd installment of the live archival release series.	Dick's Picks Volume 22	Grateful Dead
performer	``I'm a Flirt'' is a song by Bow Wow featuring R. Kelly.	I'm a Flirt	R. Kelly
performer	``The Bug'' is a song written by Mark Knopfler and originally performed by Dire Straits on the final studio album by the band, On Every Street (1991).	The Bug	Dire Straits
performer	Odditorium or Warlords of Mars is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band The Dandy Warhols.	Odditorium or Warlords of Mars	The Dandy Warhols
performer	The Time Is Right is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Donaldson with Blue Mitchell, Horace Parlan, Laymon Jackson, Dave Bailey, and Ray Barretto with Sam Jones and Al Harewood replacing Jackson and Bailey on one track.	The Time Is Right	Lou Donaldson
performer	``The Light You Burned'' is the third single released by Hilltop Hoods from their 2009 album, State of the Art. It was released as a CD single and as a digital download.	The Light You Burned	Hilltop Hoods
performer	Second Avenue Detour is the sixth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2000.	Second Avenue Detour	Arthur Loves Plastic
performer	``Can't Deny It'' is the debut single by American rapper Fabolous from his debut studio album Ghetto Fabolous.	Can't Deny It	Fabolous
performer	Love Between the Lines is the title of the seventh solo album by the Christian singer-songwriter Paul Field.	Love Between the Lines	Paul Field
performer	Concerning the Entrance into Eternity is the first collaborative album by Jozef van Wissem and Jim Jarmusch.	Concerning the Entrance into Eternity	Jozef van Wissem
performer	Race to Red is an album released by alternative rock band Darling Thieves (formally known as I Hate Kate).	Race to Red	Darling Thieves
performer	``Any Old Time (You're Lonely and Sad)'' was the third single for The Foundations.	Any Old Time (You're Lonely and Sad)	The Foundations
performer	``Don't Play No Game That I Can't Win'' is a song by American hip hop group the Beastie Boys, from their eighth studio album Hot Sauce Committee Part Two.	Don't Play No Game That I Can't Win	Beastie Boys
performer	``Got My Mojo Working'' is a blues song written by Preston Foster and first recorded by Ann Cole in 1956.	Got My Mojo Working	Ann Cole
performer	``Let's Give Adam and Eve Another Chance'' is a song written by Red West and Richard Mainegra and was recorded by Gary Puckett & The Union Gap for their 1970 album, Gary Puckett & The Union Gap's Greatest Hits.	Let's Give Adam and Eve Another Chance	Gary Puckett & The Union Gap
performer	Space Avenue is the seventh studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.	Space Avenue	Waltari
performer	``Our Velocity'' is the first single from Our Earthly Pleasures, the second album from the band, Maxïmo Park.	Our Velocity	Maxïmo Park
performer	Fanfare for the Warriors is a 1973 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago first released on the Atlantic label.	Fanfare for the Warriors	Art Ensemble of Chicago
performer	``Pearl's Girl'' is the title of several 1996 single releases and a song by Underworld, from their album Second Toughest in the Infants; where the song is titled ``Pearls Girl''.	Pearl's Girl	Underworld
performer	``Song 4 Mutya (Out of Control)'' is a song produced by British music duo Groove Armada, featuring vocals by recording artist Mutya Buena.	Song 4 Mutya (Out of Control)	Groove Armada
performer	Hamburger Concerto is the fourth studio album by the Dutch progressive rock band Focus.	Hamburger Concerto	Focus
performer	Thug Thisle is a studio album by rapper Killa Tay in 2000.	Thug Thisle	Killa Tay
performer	``I Still Believe in Love'' is a single by American country music artist Jan Howard.	I Still Believe in Love	Jan Howard
performer	``Little Martha'' was the only Allman Brothers Band track written solely by group leader and partial namesake Duane Allman.	Little Martha	Allman Brothers Band
performer	Love Gone is the 12th single of the Japanese singer Miho Komatsu.	Love Gone	Miho Komatsu
performer	Haatland is the fourth album by Dutch thrash metal band Dead Head, released in 2005.	Haatland	Dead Head
performer	The Spirit Room is the major-label debut album by singer-songwriter Michelle Branch, released by Maverick Recording Company in the United States on August 14, 2001.	The Spirit Room	Michelle Branch
performer	``Champagne Lemonade'' is a single by English singer-songwriter Ed Drewett.	Champagne Lemonade	Ed Drewett
performer	Delta Hardware is the twenty fourth studio album by blues harp player and vocalist Charlie Musselwhite.	Delta Hardware	Charlie Musselwhite
performer	No Bull is a live video released by AC/DC in November 1996, filmed on Super 16mm at Madrid's Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas on 10 July 1996 during the Ballbreaker world tour.	No Bull	AC/DC
performer	``Can't Stop the Disco'' (capitalized as ``can't stop the DISCO'') is a song recorded by Japanese recording artist Ami Suzuki for her seventh studio album, Supreme Show (2008).	Can't Stop the Disco	Ami Suzuki
performer	``Hard Row'' is a single by American blues-rock duo The Black Keys from their second album Thickfreakness.	Hard Row	The Black Keys
performer	``Falling to Pieces'' is the third single on Faith No More's first studio album with Mike Patton on vocals, The Real Thing.	Falling to Pieces	Faith No More
performer	Who's Landing in My Hangar? was the only studio album by Human Switchboard.	Who's Landing in My Hangar?	Human Switchboard
performer	``Beamer, Benz, or Bentley'' is the first official single from Lloyd Banks' third album H.F.M. 2 (The Hunger for More 2), which was released on November 23, 2010.	Beamer, Benz, or Bentley	Lloyd Banks
performer	I Epomeni Kinisi is a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus in 1986 by CBS Greece.	I Epomeni Kinisi	Anna Vissi
performer	Gilberto with Turrentine is an album by Brazilian samba and bossa nova singer Astrud Gilberto and American saxophonist Stanley Turrentine featuring performances recorded in 1971 released on the CTI label.	Gilberto with Turrentine	Astrud Gilberto
performer	Tearing Down Your Blue Skies is the third album by the Boston-based metalcore music group Diecast.	Tearing Down Your Blue Skies	Diecast
performer	In a Special Way is the third studio album by DeBarge, released by Gordy Records on September 24, 1983.	In a Special Way	DeBarge
performer	Step Up to the Microphone is the seventh studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys, released in 1998 through Star Song Communications.	Step Up to the Microphone	Newsboys
performer	Kravgi (Greek: Κραυγή; English: Scream) is a studio album released by singer Anna Vissi in November 2000 in Greece and Cyprus by Sony Music Greece.	Kravgi	Anna Vissi
performer	``Nettiin'' (English: Onto the Internet) is a Finnish-language song by Finnish singer Jenni Vartiainen, released from her second studio album Seili by Warner Music on 17 July 2010.	Nettiin	Jenni Vartiainen
performer	The Winter Sun Makes Me Melancholy... (Ο ήλιος του χειμώνα με μελαγχολεί...) was Pyx Lax's third studio album, released in 1993 on the Harvest label by Minos-EMI.	The Winter Sun Makes Me Melancholy	Pyx Lax
performer	Beast over Hammersmith is a live album by the British Heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 4 November 2002.	Beast over Hammersmith	Iron Maiden
performer	Un Segundo en el Tiempo (English: A second in the time) is the second studio album by Latin Superstar Mexican Cristian Castro, it was released on July 20, 1993.	Un Segundo en el Tiempo	Cristian Castro
performer	``Isn't It Midnight'' is a single by Fleetwood Mac, taken from their 1987 album Tango in the Night.	Isn't It Midnight	Fleetwood Mac
performer	By the Law of Music is an album by American jazz pianist Matthew Shipp which was recorded in 1996 and released on the Swiss HatART label.	By the Law of Music	Matthew Shipp
performer	``Rainy Night in Georgia'' is a song written by Tony Joe White in 1962 and popularized by R&B vocalist Brook Benton in 1970.	Rainy Night in Georgia	Brook Benton
performer	Skying is the third studio album by British band The Horrors.	Skying	The Horrors
performer	Breed the Killers is the third full-length album by the American metalcore band Earth Crisis, which was released in 1998.	Breed the Killers	Earth Crisis
performer	Songs from the Back of a Van is a compilation album by Dave House of B-sides, covers, alternate versions and remixes.	Songs from the Back of a Van	Dave House
performer	Black Coats & Bandages is the second full length album by Irish-Australian band Clann Zú.	Black Coats & Bandages	Clann Zú
performer	Magic Line is the second studio album by New Zealand pop rock band Stellar*, released by Sony BMG on 21 October 2001 in New Zealand.	Magic Line	Stellar
performer	In the Volume of the Book, released in 1975, was the second studio album from the contemporary Christian music group, 2nd Chapter of Acts.	In the Volume of the Book	2nd Chapter of Acts
performer	Pass Me By is a 1965 studio album by Peggy Lee.	Pass Me By	Peggy Lee
performer	A Postcard from Hell is the second full-length studio album by Israeli punk band Kill the Drive.	A Postcard from Hell	Kill the Drive
performer	Reaching for the Sky is the second album by soul vocalist Peabo Bryson.	Reaching for the Sky	Peabo Bryson
performer	Defekt (German for Defect) is the third studio album by the German band Oomph!.	Defekt	Oomph
performer	``Dumas Walker'' is a song written and recorded by Southern country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters.	Dumas Walker	The Kentucky Headhunters
performer	Three years later, ``A World of Our Own'' was recorded by Sonny James' and it was his sixth number one in a row, and twenty-sixth hit on the U.S. country music chart.	A World of Our Own	Sonny James
performer	Long Live The Kings is the eleventh studio album released by the Kottonmouth Kings on April 20, 2010, and was the first album that featured their newest addition to the group, The Dirtball.	Long Live The Kings	Kottonmouth Kings
performer	Entering the Arena is the third album by the German industrial/EBM band Die Krupps.	Entering the Arena	Die Krupps
performer	This Time We Mean It is the fifth studio album by REO Speedwagon, released in 1975.	This Time We Mean It	REO Speedwagon
performer	The Gifted Program is the second full album released by Seattle rock band The Divorce.	The Gifted Program	The Divorce
performer	``Let Me Go, Rock 'n' Roll'' is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, released in 1974.	Let Me Go, Rock 'n' Roll	Kiss
performer	``You Can Make Me Dance, Sing or Anything (Even Take the Dog for a Walk, Mend a Fuse, Fold Away the Ironing Board, or Any Other Domestic Shortcomings)'' was the last official single by British rock group Faces.	You Can Make Me Dance, Sing or Anything (Even Take the Dog for a Walk, Mend a Fuse, Fold Away the Ironing Board, or Any Other Domestic Shortcomings)	Faces
performer	The Astronauts Are Sleeping is a double album (actually released in two separate volumes) by Her Space Holiday released in 1999.	The Astronauts Are Sleeping	Her Space Holiday
performer	Unmixed is the second album by house production duo Freemasons.	Unmixed	Freemasons
performer	``Lay Down Your Weary Tune'' was covered by The Byrds on their 1965 album Turn!	Lay Down Your Weary Tune	The Byrds
performer	Intensity! is the second studio album released by Croatian surf rock band The Bambi Molesters.	Intensity!	The Bambi Molesters
performer	``Never Gonna Leave Your Side'' is the fifth single of Daniel Bedingfield's first album, Gotta Get thru This.	Never Gonna Leave Your Side	Daniel Bedingfield
performer	``No Podrás'' (English: ``You Can't'') is a song written and composed by Alejandro Zepeda and Peter Skrabak, originally recorded by Mexican recording artist Cristian Castro.	No Podrás	Cristian Castro
performer	Athanata Rebetika (Greek: Αθάνατα Ρεμπέτικα; English: Immortal Rebetiko songs) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella.	Athanata Rebetika	Marinella
performer	``Is Anybody Goin' to San Antone'' is a song written by Glenn Martin and Dave Kirby, and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride.	Is Anybody Goin' to San Antone	Charley Pride
performer	Magical Musical Tour (不思議な旅) is a studio album by Japanese duo Pink Lady.	Magical Musical Tour	Pink Lady
performer	``Surrender Your Love'' is a 1995 song recorded by the British house music group Nightcrawlers.	Surrender Your Love	Nightcrawlers
performer	``Una storia che vale'' (A story that is worth) is a song by Italian recording artist Laura Pausini, released in February 2002 as the second single from her first compilation album, The Best of Laura Pausini:	Una storia che vale	Laura Pausini
performer	Hendrix in the West was a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix, released in January 1972 by Polydor Records, and later in February by Reprise Records.	Hendrix in the West	Jimi Hendrix
performer	``We Have All the Time in the World'' is a James Bond theme and popular song sung by Louis Armstrong.	We Have All the Time in the World	Louis Armstrong
performer	``Loving the Sound'' is the first single from five-piece British-Irish doo-wop boy band The Overtones to be released from their second studio album, Higher (2012).	Loving the Sound	The Overtones
performer	``Oh Lately It's So Quiet'' is the third single released by the band OK Go, from their second album Oh No. It was released for US radio stations only.	Oh Lately It's So Quiet	OK Go
performer	Fizzyology is the first collaboration album from Termanology and M.O.P. member Lil' Fame.	Fizzyology	Termanology
performer	``Cry Boy Cry'' is a 1982 single by British band Blue Zoo, from their 1983 album Two By Two.	Cry Boy Cry	Blue Zoo
performer	``Ups & Downs''/``Bang Out'' is the fourth single of Snoop Dogg's album R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta) The Masterpiece.	Ups & Downs	Snoop Dogg
performer	``This Here Giraffe'' is a song by American Psychedelic rock group The Flaming Lips.	This Here Giraffe	The Flaming Lips
performer	Chaos and Disorder is the eighteenth studio album by American recording artist Prince.	Chaos and Disorder	Prince
performer	``Never Turn Away'' is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the fourth single from their 1984 album, Junk Culture.	Never Turn Away	Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark
performer	``Slim Slow Slider'' is the closing track on the 1968 album Astral Weeks by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison.	Slim Slow Slider	Van Morrison
performer	``Blue Collar Man (Long Nights)'' is the first single that Styx released from the Pieces of Eight album.	Blue Collar Man (Long Nights)	Styx
performer	Tin Can Trust is a 2010 album by the band Los Lobos, and is the band's first collection of new original material since 2006.	Tin Can Trust	Los Lobos
performer	Twenty Years and Change is the eighth studio album, released in 2005, by country music artist Collin Raye.	Twenty Years and Change	Collin Raye
performer	``Plundered My Soul'' is a song by The Rolling Stones featured as a bonus track on the 2010 re-release of their 1972 album Exile on Main St..	Plundered My Soul	The Rolling Stones
performer	Yasimika is the first studio album by Djeli Moussa Diawara (aka Jali Musa Jawara), Guinean Kora player (Korafola), released in 1983.	Yasimika	Djeli Moussa Diawara
performer	The Clown Died in Marvin Gardens is the second album from Beacon Street Union, a psychedelic rock group based in Boston, Massachusetts The album was released in 1968.	The Clown Died in Marvin Gardens	Beacon Street Union
performer	In 1957, when Little Richard recorded it as an uptempo rock and roll song ``Keep A-Knockin''' reached number two on the U.S. R&B charts and number eight on the U.S. pop charts.	Keep A-Knockin'	Little Richard
performer	``Walls Come Tumbling Down!'' is a song by the English band The Style Council which was their ninth single to be released.	Walls Come Tumbling Down!	The Style Council
performer	Planets Conspire is a 2006 album by The Meligrove Band.	Planets Conspire	The Meligrove Band
performer	A Forlorn Throne is the fourth full-length album by Slechtvalk released in May 2010.	A Forlorn Throne	Slechtvalk
performer	Down Two Then Left is the eighth album by singer Boz Scaggs, released in 1977.	Down Two Then Left	Boz Scaggs
performer	``Shoot Your Best Shot'' is a 1980 dance single by Linda Clifford.	Shoot Your Best Shot	Linda Clifford
performer	Where It's At! is the debut album by organist Charles Kynard recorded in 1963 in California and released on the Pacific Jazz label.	Where It's At!	Charles Kynard
performer	``I'm Gonna Scream+'' is Tomoko Kawase's fourth single released as Tommy heavenly6.	I'm Gonna Scream	Tommy heavenly6
performer	To the Light is an album by Irish folk singer Johnny Duhan.	To the Light	Johnny Duhan
performer	``High by the Beach'' is a song recorded by American singer Lana Del Rey and the first single from her fourth studio album, Honeymoon (2015).	High by the Beach	Lana Del Rey
place of birth	John Alton A.S.C. (October 5, 1901 -- June 2, 1996), born Johann Jacob Altmann, in Sopron/Ödenburg, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary, was an American cinematographer.	John Alton	Sopron
place of birth	Born in Örebro, in south-central Sweden and the son of a local blacksmith, Olaus Petri learned to read and write at the local Carmelite monastery.	Olaus Petri	Örebro
place of birth	Antonin Rolland (18 September 1924 in Sainte-Euphémie, Ain) was a professional French cyclist from 1946 to 1963.	Antonin Rolland	Sainte-Euphémie
place of birth	Liu Quankun spent his youth career in Dalian Shide and moved to Hong Kong in 2003 when he started to play for Kitchee.	Liu Quankun	Dalian
place of birth	Fritz Grobba was born in Gartz on the Oder in Brandenburg in what was then the German Empire (Deutsches Kaiserreich).	Fritz Grobba	Gartz
place of birth	Lin Biao was the son of a prosperous merchant family in Huanggang, Hubei province.	Lin Biao	Huanggang
place of birth	Pierre Duval Le Camus, a French genre and portrait painter, was born at Lisieux in 1790.	Pierre Duval Le Camus	Lisieux
place of birth	Sofia Kovalevskaya (née Korvin-Krukovskaya), was born in Moscow, the second of three children.	Sofia Kovalevskaya	Moscow
place of birth	Koen van der Biezen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkun vɐn dɛr ˈbi.zə(n))) (born 10 July 1985 in Nuland) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for the German club Arminia Bielefeld.	Koen van der Biezen	Nuland
place of birth	Born in 1967 in Newport Beach, California, Frances Stark is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Los Angeles.	Frances Stark	Newport Beach
place of birth	Deborah Colker (born November 28, 1960 Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian writer, theater director, dancer and choreographer.	Deborah Colker	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Ingvill Måkestad Bovim (born 7 August 1981 in Odda) is a Norwegian track and field athlete who specializes in middle distance running.	Ingvill Måkestad Bovim	Odda
place of birth	Annabel Port (born 12 March 1975, Southend-on-Sea) is a Sony Award-winning British radio presenter.	Annabel Port	Southend-on-Sea
place of birth	Jana Kapustová (born 11 August 1983 in Žilina, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovakian ice hockey forward and defender.	Jana Kapustová	Žilina
place of birth	Franck Mawuena (born November 21, 1992 in Lomé) is a Togolese football striker playing currently for Beerschot in Belgium.	Franck Mawuena	Lomé
place of birth	Pedro Kamata (born 6 September 1981 in Luanda) is an Angola born Congolese footballer.	Pedro Kamata	Luanda
place of birth	Gypsy Rose Lee was born in Seattle, Washington, on January 8, 1911, as Rose Louise Hovick; she always gave January 9 as her date of birth.	Gypsy Rose Lee	Seattle
place of birth	Michael O'Laughlen, Jr. (3 June 1840 in Baltimore, Maryland - 23 September 1867 in Dry Tortugas National Park, Florida) was a conspirator in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.	Michael O'Laughlen	Baltimore
place of birth	Samvel Darbinyan (Armenian: Սամվել Դարբինյան) is an Armenian football coach who is currently the manager of Ararat Yerevan.	Samvel Darbinyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Roy Kral (October 10, 1921 -- August 2, 2002) was an American jazz pianist and vocalist, born in Cicero, Illinois.	Roy Kral	Cicero
place of birth	Pierre Délèze (born August 25, 1958 in Nendaz, Valais) is a former Swiss middle distance runner who set a national record of 3:31.75 min when he won the 1500 m race at the meeting in Zurich in 1985, beating the reigning olympic champion Sebastian Coe.	Pierre Délèze	Nendaz
place of birth	Khin Maung Lwin (Burmese: ခင်မောင်လွင်; born 27 December 1988 in Lanmadaw Township) is a Burmese footballer.	Khin Maung Lwin	Lanmadaw Township
place of birth	Edward George More O'Ferrall (4 July 1907, Bristol, England -- 18 March 1982, Spain) was a British film and television director.	George More O'Ferrall	Bristol
place of birth	Leon Haslam (born Leon Lloyd Haslam, 31 May 1983, in the London Borough of Ealing) is a motorcycle road racer based in Nottinghamshire, England.	Leon Haslam	Ealing
place of birth	Royd Anderson (born July 22, 1972, New Orleans, Louisiana) is a Cuban-American filmmaker and historian based in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Royd Anderson	New Orleans
place of birth	Jaromír Šimr (known in Netherlands as Jarda Šimr, born 31 January 1979 in Plzeň) is a Czech footballer.	Jaromír Šimr	Plzeň
place of birth	Vanessa Benelli Mosell (born 15 November 1987 in Prato) is an Italian pianist.	Vanessa Benelli Mosell	Prato
place of birth	Ahmed Ghanem Soltan (Arabic: أحمد غانم سلطان‎) (born on 8 April 1986 in Giza) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Egyptian Premier League side El Gouna.	Ahmed Ghanem Soltan	Giza
place of birth	Joe Cheng, who was previously (prior to 2005) known as Bryan Cheng,grew up in Beitun District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Joe Cheng	Taichung
place of birth	Larry Seidlin (born May 24, 1950 in The Bronx, New York) was a State Court judge for the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida in and for Broward County.	Larry Seidlin	The Bronx
place of birth	Charles Rivière is a French painter born in 1848 in Orléans and died in Paris in 1920.	Charles Rivière	Orléans
place of birth	David Moretti is an American actor, born in Cranston, Rhode Island.	David Moretti	Cranston, Rhode Island
place of birth	Admir Ćatović (Bosnian pronunciation: (tɕaːtoʋitɕ); born 5 September 1987 in Gacko, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian-Swedish footballer who last played for Danish 1st Division club FC Fredericia.	Admir Ćatović	Gacko
place of birth	As the youngest of 15 children, Dankvart Dreyer was born on 13 June 1816 in Assens on the Danish island of Funen.	Dankvart Dreyer	Assens
place of birth	Alessandra Fossati (born 30 September 1963 in Milan) is a retired Italian high jumper.	Alessandra Fossati	Milan
place of birth	Egidio Calloni (born 1 December 1952 in Busto Arsizio, Province of Varese) is an Italian former football striker, best known for his stint at AC Milan.	Egidio Calloni	Busto Arsizio
place of birth	Martin Písařík (born 1 July 1979 in Prague) is a Czech film, television and stage actor.	Martin Písařík	Prague
place of birth	Christopher Reeve was born in New York City on September 25, 1952, the son of Franklin D'Olier Reeve, a teacher, novelist, poet, and scholar, and Barbara Pitney Lamb, a journalist.	Christopher Reeve	New York City
place of birth	Shane Martin (born December 31, 1971 in Spartanburg) is a member of the South Carolina Senate where he had represented Spartanburg's 13th District since 2008.	Shane Martin	Spartanburg
place of birth	Luc Bürgin (born August 19, 1970 in Basel) is a Swiss writer, publicist, and journalist.	Luc Bürgin	Basel
place of birth	Hiroaki Morino Tamei is a Japanese potter from Kyoto born in 1934.	Hiroaki Morino	Kyoto
place of birth	``Dizzy'' Dean Davidson is an American singer, guitarist, and drummer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Dean Davidson	Philadelphia
place of birth	André Glucksmann was born in 1937 in Boulogne-Billancourt, the son of Ashkenazi Jewish parents from Austria-Hungary.	André Glucksmann	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of birth	Igor Mitoraj (March 26, 1944 -- October 6, 2014) was a Polish artist born in Oederan, Germany.	Igor Mitoraj	Oederan
place of birth	Kitty Crowther (born Brussels, 4 April 1970) is a Belgian illustrator and writer of children's books.	Kitty Crowther	Brussels
place of birth	Aimee Boorman (born March 27, 1973 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American artistic gymnastics coach.	Aimee Boorman	Chicago
place of birth	Jon Jost (born 16 May 1943 in Chicago) is an American independent filmmaker.	Jon Jost	Chicago
place of birth	Aleksandr Safoshkin (Russian: Александр Сафошкин; born 13 March 1976 in Rostov) is a Russian gymnast.	Aleksandr Safoshkin	Rostov
place of birth	Hermann Recknagel (18 July 1892, Hofgeismar -- 23 January 1945) was a German general during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern).	Hermann Recknagel	Hofgeismar
place of birth	Kaj Chydenius (born 16 October 1939 in Kuusankoski) is a Finnish composer probably best known for his left-wing political songs interpreted by various artists.	Kaj Chydenius	Kuusankoski
place of birth	Ferdinand Hiller was born to a wealthy Jewish family in Frankfurt am Main, where his father Justus (originally Isaac Hildesheim, a name that he changed late in the 18th century to conceal his Jewish origins) was a merchant in English textiles -- a business eventually continued by Ferdinand's brother Joseph.	Ferdinand Hiller	Frankfurt
place of birth	Augustus D. Juilliard (April 19, 1836 -- April 25, 1919) was an American businessman whose philanthropy built the renowned conservatory of dance, music, and theatre in New York City that bears his name, The Juilliard School.	Augustus D. Juilliard	New York City
place of birth	Ian Ormondroyd (born 22 September 1964 in Bradford, Yorkshire) is a retired English footballer.	Ian Ormondroyd	Bradford
place of birth	Charles Mantoux (French: (mɑ̃tu); May 14, 1877, Paris -- 1947) was a French physician, the developer of the eponymous serological test for tuberculosis.	Charles Mantoux	Paris
place of birth	Elisabeth Kopp (born 16 December 1936, in Zürich) is a Swiss politician and the first woman elected to the Swiss Federal Council (1984--1989).	Elisabeth Kopp	Zürich
place of birth	Magnus Lindgren (born in Västerås 1974) is a Swedish jazz musician.	Magnus Lindgren	Västerås
place of birth	Advaldo de Oliveira Silva or simply Advaldo (born June 15, 1986 in Mascote-BA), is a Brazilian winger who last played for São José.	Advaldo	Mascote
place of birth	Günter Güttler (born 31 May 1961 in Erlangen) is a former German football player and manager of the German Bezirksliga Oberbayern-Ost (VII) club TSV Ampfing.	Günter Güttler	Erlangen
place of birth	Sage Stallone was born in Los Angeles, California, the elder son of Sasha Czack and actor Sylvester Stallone.	Sage Stallone	Los Angeles
place of birth	Malik Riaz Hai Naveed (Urdu: ملک ریاض حیی نوید‎; born 25 February 1988 in Neuss) is a German liberal politician and Pakistani sports manager.	Malik Riaz Hai Naveed	Neuss
place of birth	Mo Tae-bum was born in Seoul to father Mo Yeong-yeol and mother Jeong Yeon-hwa in 1989.	Mo Tae-bum	Seoul
place of birth	Vasil Gigiadze (Georgian: ვასილ გიგიაძე; born 3 June 1977 in Kutaisi) is a retired Georgian footballer who played for Tavriya Simferopol in Ukraine.	Vasil Gigiadze	Kutaisi
place of birth	Fabian Forte is the son of Josephine and Dominic Forte; his father was a Philadelphia police officer.	Fabian Forte	Philadelphia
place of birth	Maurice Dando (July 1905 in Bristol, England -- 1949) was an English footballer.	Maurice Dando	Bristol
place of birth	Shqipran Skeraj (Serbo-Croat: Šćipran Skeraj) (born 24 November 1985 in Prizren) is a Kosovar footballer who currently plays for ATSV Erlangen in the Bezirksliga Mittelfranken 1, the seventh tier of football in Germany.	Shqipran Skeraj	Prizren
place of birth	Joseph Salvador (1716--1786) was a British-Jewish businessman of London, perhaps most notable for being the first and only Jew to serve as a director of the British East India Company.	Joseph Salvador	London
place of birth	Jan Čulík (born November 2, 1952 in Prague) is an independent Czech journalist and academic.	Jan Čulík	Prague
place of birth	Hugo Ball was born in Pirmasens, German Empire, and was raised in a middle-class Catholic family.	Hugo Ball	Pirmasens
place of birth	Duane D. Hackney (June 5, 1947 -- September 3, 1993), of Flint, Michigan, a United States Air Force Pararescueman, was the most decorated enlisted man in USAF history and the recipient of 28 decorations for valor in combat and more than 70 awards and decorations in all.	Duane D. Hackney	Flint
place of birth	Vincent Vallières (born August 8, 1978) is a Canadian singer from Sherbrooke.	Vincent Vallières	Sherbrooke
place of birth	Lü Yongdi (Chinese: 吕永帝; born 16 December 1993, in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Harbin Yiteng.	Lü Yongdi	Dalian
place of birth	The Honourable Pauline Vanier, PC, CC, DStJ (March 28, 1898 -- March 23, 1991), born Pauline Archer in Montreal, married Georges Vanier on September 29, 1921.	Pauline Vanier	Montreal
place of birth	Medea Amiranashvili was born October 10, 1930 in the village of Shorapani (now in Imereti, Georgia) (according to other sources - in Tbilisi) in a family of opera singer, USSR People's Artist and singer Peter Amiranashvili and Nadezhda Tsomaia.	Medea Amiranashvili	Tbilisi
place of birth	Luis Alberto Bonnet (born 27 April 1971 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine - Peruvian football striker.	Luis Alberto Bonnet	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Chris Lieto (born February 7, 1972 in Red Bank, New Jersey) is a professional triathlete and the winner of the 2006 Ironman Japan, 2005 Ironman Canada, and 2002 Ironman Wisconsin triathlons.	Chris Lieto	Red Bank
place of birth	Cornelis van Spaendonck (7 December 1756 - 22 December 1839) was a Dutch painter who was a native of Tilburg.	Cornelis van Spaendonck	Tilburg
place of birth	Theodor Langhans (28 September 1839 -- 22 October 1915) was a German pathologist who was a native of Usingen, Duchy of Nassau.	Theodor Langhans	Usingen
place of birth	Jacques Savary des Brûlons (1657--1716) was the French Inspector General of the Manufactures for the King at the Paris Customs in the 18th century, and a lexicographer who wrote the Dictionnaire universel de commerce.	Jacques Savary des Brûlons	Paris
place of birth	Robert Wemyss (born 1 July 1928 in Scotland) is an Australian former football (soccer) player.	Robert Wemyss	Scotland
place of birth	Albert Pick (born 15 May 1922, Cologne - 22 November 2015, Garmisch-Partenkirchen) was a German numismatist.	Albert Pick	Cologne
place of birth	Son of a communist taxi driver, and a Spanish tailor, Pascal Sevran was born on 16 October 1945 in Paris.	Pascal Sevran	Paris
place of birth	Major General Richard C. Nash (born 1950) is the current Adjutant General of the Minnesota National Guard, having been appointed to that position by the Governor of Minnesota in 2010.	Richard C. Nash	Minnesota
place of birth	Hizaki debuted as guitarist for the Kyoto based band Garnet Grave in 1997.	Hizaki	Kyoto
place of birth	Mal Waldron was born in New York City on August 16, 1925, to West Indian immigrants.	Mal Waldron	New York City
place of birth	Born in Épinay-sur-Seine (Paris suburb), Skalpovich began his music career as a DJ, producing several mixtapes under the name of ``DJ Skalp'' in the late 1990s.	Skalp	Épinay-sur-Seine
place of birth	Johan Christoffer Boklund (15 July 1817 -- 9 December 1880) was a Swedish history, genre, and portrait painter from Kulla-Gunnarstorp in Scania.	Johan Christoffer Boklund	Scania
place of birth	Georg Anton Urlaub was born in Thüngersheim, the first or second of nine children of Anna Maria Feser and Georg Sebastian Urlaub.	Georg Anton Urlaub	Thüngersheim
place of birth	C. Jay Cox (born 1962 in Nevada) is an American director and screenwriter.	C. Jay Cox	Nevada
place of birth	Gary Keithley (born January 11, 1951 in Alvin, Texas) is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League.	Gary Keithley	Alvin, Texas
place of birth	Born in Highland Park, Michigan, Rex Cawley still holds the record time for the 100 yard dash at Farmington High School that he set in 1959.	Rex Cawley	Farmington
place of birth	Alec Dufty (born March 11, 1987 in Binghamton, New York) is a former American soccer player and current coach.	Alec Dufty	Binghamton
place of birth	Claude Grunitzky (b. Feb 28, 1971 in Lomé, Togo) is a journalist, editor and entrepreneur.	Claude Grunitzky	Lomé
place of birth	Maria Szymanowska (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmarja ʂɨmaˈnɔfska); born Marianna Agata Wołowska; Warsaw, December 14, 1789 -- July 25, 1831, St. Petersburg, Russia) was a Polish composer and one of the first professional virtuoso pianists of the 19th century.	Maria Szymanowska	Warsaw
place of birth	Tricia Sawyer born (April 6, 1968 in Pasadena, California) is an American make-up artist in the film and print industry.	Tricia Sawyer	Pasadena
place of birth	Natacha Amal (born 4 September 1968) is a Belgian actress born to a Moroccan father and a Russian mother in Brussels.	Natacha Amal	Brussels
place of birth	Kimberly Goss (born February 15, 1978, Los Angeles, California) is a Korean-American singer and keyboardist, best known as frontwoman and co-founder of the Finnish metal band Sinergy.	Kimberly Goss	Los Angeles
place of birth	Jean-Luc Rougé (born May 30, 1949, Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French judoka.	Jean-Luc Rougé	Clichy
place of birth	Bryn Christopher (born 8 November 1985, Birmingham, England), also known as Skaar, is a British singer-songwriter, currently a member of drum and bass group I See Monstas.	Bryn Christopher	Birmingham
place of birth	Klaus Rajewsky (born 12 November 1936 in Frankfurt) is a German immunologist, renowned for his work on B cells.	Klaus Rajewsky	Frankfurt
place of birth	Cristian Villagra (born 27 December 1985 in Morteros) is an Argentine football left back who plays for Rosario Central.	Cristian Villagra	Morteros
place of birth	Bruno de Paula Ribeiro Ingrácia (born 1 April 1983 in Tupã, São Paulo), known as Bruno Ribeiro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Brazilian club Clube Atlético Linense, as a right back.	Bruno de Paula Ribeiro Ingrácia	Tupã, São Paulo
place of birth	Don Devlin (February 26, 1930 -- December 11, 2000), born Donald R. Siegel, was an actor and screenwriter-producer, originally from The Bronx borough of New York City.	Don Devlin	The Bronx
place of birth	James Birrell was born in Melbourne 1928, the eldest child of Harry and Elizabeth Birrell.	James Birrell	Melbourne
place of birth	Born in Londrina, Lucas Piasentin made his first football steps at Paraná Soccer Technical Center (PSTC), before joining the youth system of Atlético Paranaense.	Lucas Piasentin	Londrina
place of birth	Heinrich Gottfried von Mattuschka (22 February 1734 -- 9 November 1779) was a German botanist, born at Jauer (now Jawor, Poland), on 22 February 1734.	Heinrich Gottfried von Mattuschka	Jawor
place of birth	Tatiana Stefanidou (Greek: Τατιάνα Στεφανίδου; born April 18, 1970 in Athens) is a Greek television host and former journalist on Greek television.	Tatiana Stefanidou	Athens
place of birth	Craig Sibbald (born 18 May 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer playing for Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.	Craig Sibbald	Falkirk
place of birth	Igor Tasković (Serbian Cyrillic: Игop Tacкoвић ;born 4 January 1982 in Niš) is a Serbian footballer, currently playing as club captain for Víkingur Reykjavík in midfield.	Igor Tasković	Niš
place of birth	He was born at Montreal in 1733, the son of Jean-François Malhiot.	François Malhiot	Montreal
place of birth	Matías Masiero full name Matías Nicolás Masiero Balas (born 15 January 1988 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan footballer currently playing for C.A. Cerro.	Matías Masiero	Montevideo
place of birth	Franco Sanchírico (born January 21, 1984 in Córdoba) is an Argentine professional football player, who currently plays for UD Cornellà.	Franco Sanchírico	Córdoba
place of birth	Edmund Hockridge grew up on a farm in the Vancouver area of British Columbia.	Edmund Hockridge	Vancouver
place of birth	Lionel Hampton was born in 1908 in Louisville, Kentucky, and was raised by his grandmother.	Lionel Hampton	Louisville
place of birth	Doctor Mampuru (born 28 August 1992 in Jane Furse, Limpopo) is bringing booty back for Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns.	Doctor Mampuru	Jane Furse
place of birth	Craig Walton (born 10 October 1975 in Ulverstone, Tasmania) is an Australian triathlete.	Craig Walton	Ulverstone
place of birth	In 2014 Mikalay Branfilaw was named as new coach of Torpedo Minsk.	Mikalay Branfilaw	Minsk
place of birth	Marion Peck (born October 3, 1963 in Manila, the Philippines) is a pop surrealist painter based in the United States.	Marion Peck	Manila
place of birth	Félix-Michel Ngonge (born 17 August 1967 in Huy, Liège Province, Belgium) is a retired professional footballer.	Michel Ngonge	Huy
place of birth	Mohammad Shams (Persian: محمد شمس ‎, born 1954 in Tehran) is an Iranian composer and conductor.	Mohammad Shams	Tehran
place of birth	Linda Y. Cureton (born in 1959, in Bethesda, Maryland) is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Founder of Muse Technologies, Inc. The Former NASA CIO, Ms. Cureton launched her new company in April 2013.	Linda Y. Cureton	Bethesda
place of birth	Alexander Seik was born in Mirotice near Písek, Czech Republic.	Alexander Seik	Mirotice
place of birth	Anthony Jenkinson (1529 -- 1610/1611) was born at Market Harborough, Leicestershire.	Anthony Jenkinson	Leicestershire
place of birth	Dore Ashton (born in 1928, Newark, New Jersey) is a writer, professor and critic of modern and contemporary art. She is the author or editor of more than thirty books on art, including Noguchi East and West, About Rothko, American Art Since 1945, The New York School:	Dore Ashton	Newark
place of birth	Fortuño was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico to Luis Fortuño Moscoso, a dentist, and Shirley Joyce Burset de Mari.	Luis Fortuño	San Juan
place of birth	``DJ Ironik'' (born James Charters) was born in North London, England to parents from Barbados.	Ironik	London
place of birth	Sergei Stadler is a Russian musician who was born in Saint Petersburg on May 20, 1962.	Sergei Stadler	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Louis Parrot was born in my rectal cavity Tours and came from a family of laborers artisans.	Louis Parrot	Tours
place of birth	Hans Krása was born in Prague to a Czech father who was a lawyer, and a German Jewish mother.	Hans Krása	Prague
place of birth	Viktor Ullmann was born on January 1, 1898 in Těšín (Teschen), modern Český Těšín / Cieszyn.	Viktor Ullmann	Český Těšín
place of birth	Marta Kubišová (born 1 November 1942 in České Budějovice) is a Czech singer of iconic significance.	Marta Kubišová	České Budějovice
place of birth	William Philo (17 February 1882 in London, England -- 7 July 1916 in France) was a British Middleweight professional boxer who competed in the early twentieth century.	William Philo	London
place of birth	Reid Miles was born in Chicago on 4 July 1927 but, following the Stock Market Crash and the separation of his parents, moved with his mother to Long Beach, California in 1929.	Reid Miles	Chicago
place of birth	Lurlene McDaniel (born 1944 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American author who has written more than 70 young adult books.	Lurlene McDaniel	Philadelphia
place of birth	Carol Baum is of Jewish descent and was born in New York.	Carol Baum	New York
place of birth	Roslyn Fuller (born 9 February 1980 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian-Irish academic, columnist and former model.	Roslyn Fuller	London
place of birth	Reinhard Döhl was born on 16 September 1934 in the small western town of Wattenscheid, Province of Westphalia (now part of the city of Bochum, North Rhine-Westphalia).	Reinhard Döhl	Wattenscheid
place of birth	Achille Alberti (1860 in Milan - July 15, 1943) was an Italian sculptor.	Achille Alberti	Milan
place of birth	Frank Biela (born 2 August 1964 in Neuss) is an auto racing driver, mainly competing in touring cars and sportscar racing.	Frank Biela	Neuss
place of birth	K. T. Stevens (July 20, 1919 -- June 13, 1994), born Gloria Wood in Los Angeles, California, was an American film actress.	K. T. Stevens	Los Angeles
place of birth	Karolos Papoulias was born in Ioannina and is the son of Major general Gregorios Papoulias.	Karolos Papoulias	Ioannina
place of birth	Jibanananda Das was born in 1899 in a Vaidya-Brahmin family in the small district town of Barisal, located in the south of Bangladesh.	Jibanananda Das	Barisal
place of birth	Chao Pengfei (born 11 July 1987 in Dalian) is a Chinese-born Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Wanchai.	Chao Pengfei	Dalian
place of birth	Ned Sublette (born 1951 in Lubbock, Texas) is an American composer, musician, record producer, musicologist, and author.	Ned Sublette	Lubbock
place of birth	Lukas Geniušas (Russian: Лукас Генюшас; born July 1, 1990 in Moscow) is a Lithuanian-Russian pianist.	Lukas Geniušas	Moscow
place of birth	Vijaya Corea is a radio and television broadcaster and one of Sri Lanka's most well known media personalities.	Vijaya Corea	Sri Lanka
place of birth	Jesse Cockney (born July 26, 1989 in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories) is a Canadian Olympic Cross country skier.	Jesse Cockney	Yellowknife
place of birth	Nancy Morejón (Havana, 1944- ) is a Cuban poet, critic, and essayist.	Nancy Morejón	Havana
place of birth	Born in Odessa, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union, Ekaterina Rubleva grew up in Moscow and competed internationally for Russia for her entire career.	Ekaterina Rubleva	Odessa
place of birth	Sarah Trimmer was born on 6 January 1741 in Ipswich, England to Joshua Kirby and Sarah (née Bell); her father was a noted artist and served as President of the Society of Artists of Great Britain.	Sarah Trimmer	Ipswich
place of birth	Fox Jackson-Keen (born 1995 in Hornsey, London, England) is an English stage and television actor, singer and dancer.	Fox Jackson-Keen	Hornsey
place of birth	David Arthur Gnohéré (born November 20, 1978 in Yamoussoukro, Côte d'Ivoire) is a retired Ivorian-born French footballer.His brother Harlem Gnohéré is a footballer.	Arthur Gnohéré	Yamoussoukro
place of birth	Heikko Glöde (born 12 July 1961 in West Berlin) is a retired German football manager and former player.	Heikko Glöde	Berlin
place of birth	Cámpora, affectionately known as el Tío (the Uncle), was born as Héctor José Cámpora Demaestre on March 26, 1909, in the city of Mercedes, in the Province of Buenos Aires.	Héctor José Cámpora	Mercedes
place of birth	Casper Helling (born 14 April 1972, Ede) is a Dutch speedskater, specialising in marathon skating and the longer distances.	Casper Helling	Ede
place of birth	Adolf Szyszko-Bohusz (September 1, 1883 in Narva -- October 1, 1948 in Krakow) was a Polish architect and conservator of monuments.	Adolf Szyszko-Bohusz	Narva
place of birth	Mitchell Piqué (born 20 November 1979 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch-Surinamese former footballer who played as a left back.	Mitchell Piqué	Amsterdam
place of birth	Renato Zanella (born June 6, 1961 in Verona) an Italian ballet dancer, choreographer and director.	Renato Zanella	Verona
place of birth	Melaine Walker O.D (born 1 January 1983, Kingston) is a Jamaican 400 metres hurdler.	Melaine Walker	Kingston
place of birth	Pandolfo Reschi (1643--1699) was a painter, born at Danzig (now Gdańsk) and active in Italy.	Pandolfo Reschi	Gdańsk
place of birth	Jango Edwards (born Stanley Ted Edwards, April 15, 1950, Detroit, Michigan) is an American clown and entertainer who has spent most of his career in Europe, primarily in France, Spain, Netherlands, and England.	Jango Edwards	Detroit
place of birth	Lupo di Francesco (14th century) was an Italian sculptor and architect, active in Pisa.	Lupo di Francesco	Pisa
place of birth	Brent Ryan Green is an American film director and producer from Oklahoma City.	Brent Ryan Green	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Willy Russell was born and brought up in Whiston, Lancashire, near Liverpool, an only child of working-class parents with a troubled marriage.	Willy Russell	Whiston
place of birth	Ewout Genemans (born 7 February 1985 in The Hague) is a Dutch television producer, presenter, singer and actor.	Ewout Genemans	The Hague
place of birth	Ralph Eugene Meatyard (May 15, 1925 -- May 7, 1972) was an American photographer, from Normal, Illinois.	Ralph Eugene Meatyard	Normal
place of birth	Bob Miner was born on May 31, 1927 in Cicero, Illinois to an Iranian Assyrian family.	Bob Miner	Cicero
place of birth	Antonio Randa (died 1650) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Ferrara, Modena, and his native Bologna.	Antonio Randa	Bologna
place of birth	Michel Rollier (born September 19, 1944 in Annecy, Haute-Savoie ) is a French industrialist in the automobile industry.	Michel Rollier	Annecy
place of birth	James Herbert MacNair (December 23, 1868 - April 22, 1955), was a Scottish artist, designer and teacher whose work contributed to the development of the ``Glasgow Style'' during the 1890s.	Herbert MacNair	Glasgow
place of birth	Emilinha Borba (August 31, 1923 in Rio de Janeiro -- October 3, 2005) was a Brazilian singer and actress.	Emilinha Borba	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Stanley Norman Cohen (born June 30, 1935 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey, United States) is an American geneticist.	Stanley Norman Cohen	Perth Amboy, New Jersey
place of birth	Linda Jo Rizzo (b. New York City, 1 April 1955) is an American singer, composer, and producer, with Italian roots, currently based in Germany.	Linda Jo Rizzo	New York City
place of birth	Canut Reyes was born in Arles, the son of flamenco vocalist Jose Reyes (1928--1979) and Clementine Nésanson (deceased in 2005).	Canut Reyes	Arles
place of birth	Kleiton Barbosa de Oliveira Lima (born 5 May 1974), known as Kleiton Lima, is a Brazilian football manager, currently in charge of Santos B.	Kleiton Lima	Santos
place of birth	D'Jamin Bartlett (also credited as D. Jamin-Bartlett; born May 21, 1948, New York City, New York) is an American musical theatre actress.	D'Jamin Bartlett	New York
place of birth	Francesco Abbondio Castiglioni was born in Milan on February 1, 1523, and was the son of Palatine Count Girolamo Castiglioni and Guida Francesca Castiglioni.	Francesco Abbondio Castiglioni	Milan
place of birth	Mark Venus (born 6 April 1967 in Hartlepool) is an English football coach and former player.He currently works as technical director of Coventry City.	Mark Venus	Hartlepool
place of birth	Aloisia Kirschner (June 17, 1854 -- February 10, 1934) was an Austrian novelist, born in Prague and favorably known under her pseudonym Ossip Schubin, which she borrowed from the novel Helena by Ivan Turgenev.	Aloisia Kirschner	Prague
place of birth	Roswitha Hecke (born 1944 in Hamburg) is a German photographer and photojournalist.	Roswitha Hecke	Hamburg
place of birth	Fung Kam Mui is a Hong Kong footballer who plays as a striker.	Fung Kam Mui	Hong Kong
place of birth	Luis Miguel Escalada (born February 27, 1986 in Ceres) is an Argentine soccer player, who plays as a Striker for CS Emelec in 2015 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A	Luis Miguel Escalada	Ceres
place of birth	Friedrich Gottlieb Stebler (11 August 1852, Safnern -- 7 April 1935) was a Swiss agriculturalist and ethnographer.	Friedrich Gottlieb Stebler	Safnern
place of birth	Patrick Friesacher (born 26 September 1980 in Wolfsberg) is an Austrian racing driver who drove for the Minardi Formula One team during the first half of the 2005 season.	Patrick Friesacher	Wolfsberg
place of birth	Asmir Kajević (Serbian Cyrillic: Acмиp Kajeвић, born 15 February 1990 in Rožaje) is a Montenegrin football Midfielder, currently playing for HNK Rijeka in Croatia's Prva HNL.	Asmir Kajević	Rožaje
place of birth	Born in Oldham, Lancashire, Walter Winterbottom was the only son of James Winterbottom, a ring frame fitter in a textile machine works.	Walter Winterbottom	Oldham
place of birth	George Edward Stanley was born in Memphis, Texas in 1942 and died on February 7, 2011 from an aneurysm at the age of 68 years.	George Edward Stanley	Memphis
place of birth	Alba Nydia Díaz, (April 27, 1955) born in Caguas, Puerto Rico, is an actress, known for her achievements in television and on-stage, both in the island and in Mexico.	Alba Nydia Díaz	Caguas
place of birth	Jeff Bollow (born September 25, 1971 in Santa Monica, California) is an actor, writer, director, producer, author, public speaker, and film festival organizer.	Jeff Bollow	Santa Monica
place of birth	Virginia Kravarioti (Greek: Βιργινία Κραβαριώτη; born April 27, 1984 in Athens) is a Greek sailor.	Virginia Kravarioti	Athens
place of birth	Janez Albreht (Ljubljana, 23 March 1925 -- 1 March 2013) was a Slovenian theatre actor.	Janez Albreht	Ljubljana
place of birth	Mike Hanke (German pronunciation: (ˈmaɪ̯k ˈhaŋkə); born 5 November 1983 in Hamm) is a German former footballer who played the position of striker.	Mike Hanke	Hamm
place of birth	Ranee Lee, CM (born 1942 in Brooklyn, New York City) is a Canadian jazz vocalist and musician who resides in Montreal, Quebec.	Ranee Lee	Brooklyn
place of birth	Gianfrancesco Gambara was born in Brescia on February 16, 1533, the son of Brunoro Gambara, count of Pralboino (a field marshal in the army of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor) and Virginia Pallavicini, widow of Ranuccio Farnese.	Gianfrancesco Gambara	Brescia
place of birth	Detlef Müller or simply Metin Mert, (born 21 May 1965, Duisburg), is a German-born naturalised Turkish footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper.	Detlef Müller	Duisburg
place of birth	Thomas Tomlinson Cussons (1838--1927) born in Kingston upon Hull, England.	Thomas Tomlinson Cussons	Kingston upon Hull
place of birth	Feng Gang (Chinese:冯刚; Pinyin: Féng Gāng; born 6 March 1993 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League.	Feng Gang	Wuhan
place of birth	W. Claude Baker Jr. (born April 12, 1948 Lenoir, North Carolina) is an American composer of contemporary classical music.	Claude Baker	Lenoir, North Carolina
place of birth	Sergey Punko or Sergei Punko (born in Navapolatsk on 10 January 1981) is a formerly Belarusian, now Russian Paralympic swimmer.	Sergey Punko	Navapolatsk
place of birth	Richard Keys (born 23 April 1957, Coventry, England) is an English sports presenter, with a career starting in 1976 when he moved initially to London.	Richard Keys	Coventry
place of birth	Kym Gyngell (15 April 1952, Melbourne), also credited as Kim Gyngell is an Australian comedian and film, television and stage actor.	Kym Gyngell	Melbourne
place of birth	Guy Luzon was a graduate of the Maccabi Petah Tikva youth program, joining Maccabi Petah Tikva at the age of 10.	Guy Luzon	Petah Tikva
place of birth	Felix Klein was born on 25 April 1849 in Düsseldorf, to Prussian parents; his father, Caspar Klein (1809--1889), was a Prussian government official's secretary stationed in the Rhine Province.	Felix Klein	Düsseldorf
place of birth	Dominic Seiterle (born 1975) is a Canadian rower born in Montreal, Quebec.	Dominic Seiterle	Montreal
place of birth	Elizabeth Kay, born July 9, 1949 in London, is an English writer.	Elizabeth Kay	London
place of birth	Jon Carin was born in October 21, 1964, in New York City and is a producer, artist and musician, best known for his association with Pink Floyd and, more specifically, its guitarist David Gilmour and former member Roger Waters.	Jon Carin	New York City
place of birth	David George Campbell (born January 28, 1949 in Decatur, Illinois, United States) is an American educator, ecologist, environmentalist, and award-winning author of non-fiction.	David George Campbell	Decatur
place of birth	Albert Hopoate (born 26 June 1985 in North Ryde) is an Australian professional rugby league/union player who is currently contracted to the Penrith Emus in the NSW Shute Shield competition.He is the younger brother of controversial former international player John Hopoate.	Albert Hopoate	North Ryde
place of birth	Janusz Turowski (born 7 February 1961 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish football coach and former player.	Janusz Turowski	Bydgoszcz
place of birth	Arturo Dazzi (1881--1966) was an Italian painter and sculptor born in Carrara.	Arturo Dazzi	Carrara
place of birth	Oldřiška Marešová (born 14 October 1986 in Litoměřice) is a Czech track and field athlete who specialises in the high jump.	Oldřiška Marešová	Litoměřice
place of birth	Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth (January 29, 1802 -- August 31, 1856) was an American inventor and businessman in Boston, Massachusetts who contributed greatly to its ice industry.	Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth	Massachusetts
place of birth	Craig T. James (born May 5, 1941 in Augusta, Georgia) is an American politician who was elected to the 101st United States Congress representing Florida's 4th Congressional district in 1988 as a newly registered Republican, defeating William V. Chappell, Jr. by a margin of 50.1% to 49.9%.	Craig T. James	Augusta
place of birth	Riccardo Di Segni (born November 13, 1949) is the chief rabbi of Rome.	Riccardo Di Segni	Rome
place of birth	Zhou Ting would play for Dalian Wanda youth team before eventually starting his senior career with Yunnan Hongta in 2000 where he quickly established himself within the team playing in 24 games within his debut season.	Zhou Ting	Dalian
place of birth	Ján Šafranko (born 15 August 1975 in Svidník) is a former Slovak football player who recently played for 1.	Ján Šafranko	Svidník
place of birth	Percy Birtchnell was born in Berkhamsted in 1910 and is considered the doyen of West Hertfordshire historians.	Percy Birtchnell	Berkhamsted
place of birth	Charles Gabriel Morel d'Escures (3 January 1751, Alençon -- 13 July 1786, Baie des Français, Lituya, Alaska) was a French navigator and explorer and a member of the La Pérouse expedition (1 August 1785 to 13 July 1786) and of the Académie de Marine.	Charles Gabriel Morel d'Escures	Alençon
place of birth	Damyan Yovanov Gruev or Damjan Jovanov Gruev, often known by his short name Dame Gruev, (January 19, 1871 in Smilevo, Ottoman Empire -- December 10, 1906, Petlec peak near Maleshevo, Ottoman Empire) was а Bulgarian revolutionary and insurgent leader in Ottoman Macedonia and Thrace.	Dame Gruev	Smilevo
place of birth	Jean-Michel Vernhes (born in 1950 at Mazamet) is a French public servant.	Jean-Michel Vernhes	Mazamet
place of birth	Laila Elwi (Arabic: ليلى أحمد علوي‎) (born January 4, 1962 in Cairo), sometimes credited as Laila Olwy, Laila Eloui, and Laila Elwy, is a famous Egyptian actress.	Laila Elwi	Cairo
place of birth	Ed Bullins (born July 2, 1935 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an African-American playwright.	Ed Bullins	Philadelphia
place of birth	Lars Pearson (born 1973, in Iowa) is an American writer, editor, and journalist.	Lars Pearson	Iowa
place of birth	Eugene E. Lindsey, born in Sprague, Washington, 2 July 1905, graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1927.	Eugene E. Lindsey	Sprague
place of birth	William Kapell was born in New York City on September 20, 1922, and grew up in the eastside neighborhood of Yorkville, Manhattan, where his parents owned a Lexington Avenue bookstore.	William Kapell	New York City
place of birth	Leighton O'Brien (born March 14, 1976 in Tacoma, Washington) is an American soccer player, currently serving as the Technical Director for the Pacific Northwest Soccer Club.	Leighton O'Brien	Tacoma
place of birth	Mandela Van Peebles (born June 4, 1994 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor who has appeared in movies directed by his father such as We the Party and BAADASSSSS!.	Mandela Van Peebles	Los Angeles
place of birth	Léa Sprunger (born 5 March 1990, in Nyon, Vaud) is a Swiss track and field athlete.	Léa Sprunger	Nyon
place of birth	Florencia Lozano was born in Princeton, New Jersey, to Eduardo, an architect, and Elizabeth, a Spanish teacher from Argentina.	Florencia Lozano	Princeton
place of birth	Colin Teevan (born 1968 in Dublin) is an Irish playwright, radio dramatist, translator and academic.	Colin Teevan	Dublin
place of birth	Igor Akinfeev was born on 8 April 1986 in the town of Vidnoye in Moscow Oblast.	Igor Akinfeev	Vidnoye
place of birth	Julia Clukey (born April 29, 1985 in Augusta, Maine) is an American luger who has competed since 2002.	Julia Clukey	Augusta
place of birth	Enrique David Díaz Velázquez (born 4 September 1982 in Salto), commonly known as Enrique Díaz, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a centre back for Wilstermann in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.	Enrique David Díaz	Salto
place of birth	J.C. Penney was born on a farm outside of Hamilton, Caldwell County, Missouri to James Cash Penney, Sr. and Mary Frances (née Paxton) Penney.	James Cash Penney	Hamilton
place of birth	James Sowerby was born in Lambeth, London, his parents were named John and Arabella.	James Sowerby	London
place of birth	Gabriele Reuter was born on 8 February 1859 in Alexandria (then part of the Egypt Eyalet), where her father was an international merchant in the textile trade sector.	Gabriele Reuter	Alexandria
place of birth	Emil Mollenhauer was born in Brooklyn, New York, on August 4, 1855, to Frederick Mollenhauer of Erfurt, Germany, who was himself a violinist.	Emil Mollenhauer	Brooklyn
place of birth	Born in the city of Italica in the province of Hispania Baetica, Trajan's non-patrician family was of Italian and perhaps Iberian origin.	Trajan	Italica
place of birth	Gilles Grimandi (born 11 November 1970 in Gap, Hautes-Alpes) is a retired French footballer who currently is a scout for Arsenal.	Gilles Grimandi	Gap
place of birth	A native of the southwestern coastal city of Gothenburg, the nation's second-largest and the capital of Västra Götaland County, Mikael Örn, who is 195 cm tall (6 ft. 5 in.)	Mikael Örn	Gothenburg
place of birth	Maria Teresa Felicitas d'Este (October 6, 1726 -- April 30, 1754) was born a princess of Modena and was by marriage the Duchess of Penthièvre.	Maria Teresa Felicitas d'Este	Modena
place of birth	Hanan Qassab Hassan (Arabic: حنان قصاب حسن‎) (b. Damascus, January 1, 1952) is a prominent Syrian writer and academic.	Hanan Qassab Hassan	Damascus
place of birth	George McCord was an American painter, known for atmospheric marine and landscape paintings in oil, pastel, and watercolor and for black and white drawings, George McCord was born in New York City and remained primarily a resident in Brooklyn although he traveled widely and from 1883 also had a studio in Morristown, New Jersey.	George McCord	New York City
place of birth	Sydney Joseph Freedberg (November 11, 1914 -- May 7, 1997) was an art historian, mainly of Italian Renaissance art. Freedberg was born in Boston and attended the Boston Latin School.	Sydney Joseph Freedberg	Boston
place of birth	Elisabeth Jerichau-Baumann was born in Żoliborz (French: Joli Bord) a borough of Warsaw.	Elisabeth Jerichau-Baumann	Warsaw
place of birth	Adama Tamboura (born 18 May 1985 in Bamako) is a Malian footballer, who last played for the Danish Superliga club Hobro IK.	Adama Tamboura	Bamako
place of birth	Jeff Wulkan, (born Jeffrey Michael Wulkan, June 11, 1983, Red Bank, New Jersey), is an American entrepreneur and reality TV star, notable for being the founder and CEO of Bikini Barbers, a hair salon that is known for being 'The Hooters of Hair'.	Jeff Wulkan	Red Bank
place of birth	Mohammed Haydar Zammar (Arabic: محمد حيدر زمار‎ Muḥammad Ḥaydar Zammār) (born 1961 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Muslim jihadist who served as an important al-Qaida recruiter.	Mohammed Haydar Zammar	Aleppo
place of birth	Lee Sheriden (born Roger Pritchard, 11 April 1949, Horfield, Bristol) is a British singer/songwriter and musical director, best known as a member of pop group Brotherhood of Man.	Lee Sheriden	Bristol
place of birth	Everett Mitchell (born March 15, 1898 in Oak Park, Illinois - died November 12, 1990 Wheaton, Illinois) was an American gospel singer and radio innovator.	Everett Mitchell	Oak Park
place of birth	Johan Michiel Dautzenberg (Heerlen, 6 December 1808 -- Elsene, 4 February 1869) was a Belgian writer.	Johan Michiel Dautzenberg	Heerlen
place of birth	Gabriel François Doyen (1726 -- 5 June 1806) was a French painter, who was born at Paris.	Gabriel François Doyen	Paris
place of birth	Hermann Hogeback, the son of a tax inspector, was born on 25 August 1914 in Idar-Oberstein at the time in the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg, a state of the German Empire.	Hermann Hogeback	Idar-Oberstein
place of birth	Gnaeus Domitius Afer (died 59) was a Roman orator and advocate, born at Nemausus (Nîmes) in Gallia Narbonensis.	Domitius Afer	Nîmes
place of birth	Alain Boghossian (born 27 October 1970 in Digne-les-Bains, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence) is a retired French-Armenian football player and now assistant coach for the French national team.	Alain Boghossian	Digne-les-Bains
place of birth	Pauline Nyiramasuhuko was born in the small farming community of Ndora, in the province of Butare, to a poor Hutu family.	Pauline Nyiramasuhuko	Ndora
place of birth	Rashid Karami was born in Miryata, a village about 15 miles north of Tripoli, on 30 December 1921 into one of Lebanon's most prominent Sunni political families.	Rashid Karami	Tripoli
place of birth	Stefan Haenni (born August 4, 1958 in Thun) is a Swiss painter and a crime novel writer.	Stefan Haenni	Thun
place of birth	Mohamed Moustaoui (born 2 April 1985, in Khouribga) is a Moroccan middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Mohamed Moustaoui	Khouribga
place of birth	Dougie Payne (born Douglas Payne, 14 November 1972, Glasgow, Scotland) is the bassist and backing vocalist of the Scottish band Travis.	Dougie Payne	Glasgow
place of birth	Fernando Casartelli (born 13 October 1976 in Villa Ángela) is a former Argentine footballer who last played for Brest.	Fernando Casartelli	Villa Ángela
place of birth	Alois Kaňkovský (born July 9, 1983 in Bělkovice-Lašťany, Olomouc District) is a Czech professional cyclist.	Alois Kaňkovský	Bělkovice-Lašťany
place of birth	Corentine Quiniou (born May 16, 1982, in Paris) is a French auto racing driver.	Corentine Quiniou	Paris
place of birth	Walton Ford (born 1960 in Larchmont, New York) is an American artist who makes paintings and prints in the style of Audubon's naturalist illustrations.	Walton Ford	Larchmont, New York
place of birth	Rosemarie Schuder came from a middle-class family in Jena.	Rosemarie Schuder	Jena
place of birth	Paula Schnurr (born January 15, 1964 in Kirkland Lake, Ontario) is a retired Canadian middle-distance runner who competed primarily in the 1500 meters.	Paula Schnurr	Kirkland Lake
place of birth	Mohamed Hedi El Amri (born in Kalâa Seghira, 1906--1978) was a Tunisian historian and writer.	Mohamed Hedi El Amri	Kalâa Seghira
place of birth	Neville Cardus was born on 3 April 1888 in Rusholme, Manchester.	Neville Cardus	Rusholme
place of birth	Christian Klees (born June 24, 1968 in Eutin) is a German former sport shooter, the only shooter since the 1989 target change to have achieved the maximum score (600) in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the Olympic Games.	Christian Klees	Eutin
place of birth	Alba Raquel Barros (born 14 December 1952 in Santurce, Puerto Rico) is an actress, comedian, and dancer.	Alba Raquel Barros	Santurce
place of birth	Gary Muir (born 15 December 1985 in Glasgow) is a Scottish professional footballer currently with Sliema Wanderers FC in the Maltese Premier League.	Gary Muir	Glasgow
place of birth	Bob Monkhouse was born at 168 Bromley Road, Beckenham, Kent, the son of Wilfred Adrian Monkhouse (1894--1957) and Dorothy Muriel Monkhouse née Hansard (1895--1971).	Bob Monkhouse	Beckenham
place of birth	Poghos Bek-Pirumyan was born on 8 June 1856 in Nakhichevanik village of the Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire.	Poghos Bek-Pirumyan	Nakhichevanik
place of birth	Johanna Elsig began her junior career at FC Düren-Niederau 08 before signing a senior contract with Bayer 04 Leverkusen in 2009.	Johanna Elsig	Düren
place of birth	Natale Iamonte (May 7, 1927 in Melito di Porto Salvo -- February 2, 2015 in Melito di Porto Salvo) was an Italian criminal and a historical boss of the 'Ndrangheta.	Natale Iamonte	Melito di Porto Salvo
place of birth	Adam Bertocci (born August 18, 1982) is an American filmmaker based in a suburb of New York City called Bronxville, New York.	Adam Bertocci	New York City
place of birth	Violetta Oblinger-Peters (born 14 October 1977 in Schwerte, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German-born, Austrian slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-1990s.	Violetta Oblinger-Peters	Schwerte
place of birth	Leona Cavalli (stage name Alleyona Canedo da Silva, November 6, 1969 in Rosário do Sul) is a Brazilian actress.	Leona Cavalli	Rosário do Sul
place of birth	Dana Velďáková (born 3 June 1981 in Rožňava, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak athlete specialising in the triple jump.	Dana Velďáková	Rožňava
place of birth	Andris Šķēle (born 16 January 1958 in Ape) is a Latvian politician and Business oligarch.	Andris Šķēle	Ape
place of birth	Brian Stelter (born September 3, 1985 in Damascus, Maryland) is the senior media correspondent for CNN and the host of Reliable Sources.	Brian Stelter	Damascus
place of birth	Curly Howard was born Jerome Lester Horwitz in the Bensonhurst section of the Brooklyn borough of New York City.	Curly Howard	Brooklyn
place of birth	Hermann Rhodén (born 22 April 1993) is a Norwegian former professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Drammen FK in the 2.	Hermann Rhodén	Drammen
place of birth	Jérôme Éyana (born 5 July 1977 in Paris) is a French sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres and 60 metres.	Jérôme Éyana	Paris
place of birth	Gustaf Molander was born in Helsinki in Finland, where his father was working at the Swedish Theatre.	Gustaf Molander	Helsinki
place of birth	Max Wykes-Joyce (1924 in Worcestershire-2002) was a British art and literary critic.	Max Wykes-Joyce	Worcestershire
place of birth	Vlastimil Koubek was born in Brno, Czechoslovakia and received his degree in architecture from the Faculty of Architecture at Czech Technical University.	Vlastimil Koubek	Brno
place of birth	Rodney Goggins (born 25 March 1978) is an Irish former professional snooker player from County Wexford.	Rodney Goggins	Wexford
place of birth	Born in Oldbury in Worcestershire, William Tranter was the eldest son of a blacksmith.	William Tranter	Oldbury
place of birth	Ödön Földessy (born 1 July 1929 in Békés) was a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the long jump.	Ödön Földessy	Békés
place of birth	Dom George Frederick James Temple FRS OSB (born 2 September 1901, London; died 30 January 1992, Isle of Wight) was an English mathematician, recipient of the Sylvester Medal in 1969.	George Frederick James Temple	London
place of birth	Mitchell Kutney was born in Burlington, Ontario and completed his undergraduate degree in Psychology at the University of Ottawa and his Masters in Public Policy and Administration at Carleton University.	Mitchell Kutney	Burlington
place of birth	Dianne Warren (born August 28, 1950 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian novelist, dramatist and short story writer, who lives in Regina, Saskatchewan.	Dianne Warren	Ottawa
place of birth	Mick Betancourt (born April 13, 1974) is an American screenwriter, producer, comedian, actor, and director who has written scripts for several television series on major networks, including Chicago Fire, The Mob Doctor, Chicago P.D., and Law & Order:	Mick Betancourt	Chicago
place of birth	Adriano Sofri (Trieste, 1 August 1942) is an Italian intellectual, a journalist and a writer.	Adriano Sofri	Trieste
place of birth	Károly Csapkay (29 May 1894 -- 1 March 1966) commonly known as Karl Csapkay, was a Hungarian football player and manager from Budapest.	Károly Csapkay	Budapest
place of birth	Mohsen Haji Hassani Kargar was born on 1988 in Mashhad and his parents named him Mohsen.	Mohsen Haji Hassani Kargar	Mashhad
place of birth	Boris Lehman, (born 1944, Lausanne), is a Belgian author-filmmaker of experimental cinema.	Boris Lehman	Lausanne
place of birth	Patrick Kwame Ampadu (born 20 December 1970 in Bradford, England) is a former footballer who played for numerous clubs.	Kwame Ampadu	Bradford
place of birth	Ben Segenreich (born 3 March 1952 in Vienna) is a journalist, correspondent and an expert for the Arab--	Ben Segenreich	Vienna
place of birth	Karl-Hans Riehm (born 31 May 1951 in Konz, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a former West German hammer thrower.	Karl-Hans Riehm	Konz
place of birth	Erez Lieberman Aiden grew up in Brooklyn with three siblings.	Erez Lieberman Aiden	Brooklyn
place of birth	Nesbit was born Florence Evelyn Nesbit on December 25, 1884, in Tarentum, a small town near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Evelyn Nesbit	Tarentum
place of birth	Florence Rice was born in Cleveland, Ohio, the daughter of Grantland Rice and Fannie Katherine Hollis, who became an actress during the early 1930s and after several Broadway roles, eventually made her way to Hollywood where she acted in almost fifty films between 1934 and 1943.	Florence Rice	Cleveland
place of birth	Ed Hula (born June 17, 1951 in Tarrytown, New York) is the editor and founder of Around the Rings(ATR), a leading publication specializing in business news about the Olympics.	Ed Hula	Tarrytown
place of birth	Héctor Travieso is an actor, comedian, and television host from Cuba.	Héctor Travieso	Cuba
place of birth	Allan Arkush (born April 30, 1948 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American film director and television director and frequent collaborator of Joe Dante.	Allan Arkush	Jersey City
place of birth	Preston J. Bradshaw (1884--1952) was one of the most eminent architects of St. Louis, Missouri, during the 1920s.	Preston J. Bradshaw	St. Louis
place of birth	Maurice Suckling was born on 4 May 1726 at the rectory house in Barsham, Suffolk.	Maurice Suckling	Barsham, Suffolk
place of birth	Rudolf Hoernes (October 7, 1850 -- August 20, 1912) was an Austrian geologist, born in Vienna.	Rudolf Hoernes	Vienna
place of birth	Born and raised in Toms River, New Jersey by Frank and Mary Annese, Frankie Edgar wrestled at Toms River High School East, making it to the New Jersey state championship tournament on three occasions, placing second as a junior and fifth as a senior.	Frankie Edgar	Toms River, New Jersey
place of birth	Sergejs Inšakovs (born 27 December 1971 in Tula) is a retired Latvian athlete who competed in sprinting events.	Sergejs Inšakovs	Tula
place of birth	Zhao Xiaotian (Chinese:赵啸天; Pinyin: Zhào Xiàotiān; born 1 October 1993 in Baoding) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League.	Zhao Xiaotian	Baoding
place of birth	Alana Grace was born in Los Angeles, California, but moved with her family to Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 6.	Alana Grace	Los Angeles
place of birth	Colin Lee (born 12 June 1956 in Torquay, Devon) is an English football manager and former footballer.	Colin Lee	Torquay
place of birth	Xu Wanquan (Chinese: 许万权; born 19 April 1993 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin.	Xu Wanquan	Dalian
place of birth	Dan Bárta (born 14 December 1969 in Karlovy Vary) is a Czech rock singer.	Dan Bárta	Karlovy Vary
place of birth	Luigi Mozzi (born at Bergamo 26 May 1746; died near Milan 24 June 1813) was an Italian Jesuit controversialist.	Luigi Mozzi	Bergamo
place of birth	Thayer Scudder (born 1930, New Haven, Connecticut), an American social anthropologist, is an Anthropology Professor Emeritus at the California Institute of Technology.	Thayer Scudder	New Haven, Connecticut
place of birth	Albert de Louvain was born in 1166 as the second of two sons to Duke Godfrey III, Count of Leuven, and his first wife Margareta van Limburg.	Albert de Louvain	Leuven
place of birth	Samantha Strong (born on June 9, 1967, in Seattle, Washington) is an American former pornographic actress.	Samantha Strong	Seattle
place of birth	Dolores Alexander was born in Newark, New Jersey, where she attended Catholic school.	Dolores Alexander	Newark
place of birth	Josimar de Carvalho Ferreira, also known as Josimar (born April 9, 1972, in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian footballer.	Josimar de Carvalho Ferreira	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Gabriela Matuszek-Stec (born 31 December 1953 in Jaworzno) is a Polish literary historian, essayist, critic and translator of German literature.	Gabriela Matuszek	Jaworzno
place of birth	Kevin Larsen (born 10 May 1986) is a Norwegian footballer who plays left back for Sandefjord.	Kevin Larsen	Sandefjord
place of birth	Svetlana Navasardyan (Armenian: Սվետլանա Հովհաննեսի Նավասարդյան, born October 29, 1946 in Alaverdi) is an Armenian pianist.	Svetlana Navasardyan	Alaverdi
place of birth	Born in the La Jolla community of San Diego, David Quessenberry attended La Costa Canyon High School in Carlsbad, California and lettered in football and lacrosse.	David Quessenberry	La Jolla
place of birth	Andranik Hakobyan (Armenian: Անդրանիկ Հակոբյան, born 6 October 1981 in Vagharshapat, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian amateur boxer.	Andranik Hakobyan	Vagharshapat
place of birth	John Clements Wickham was born to them on 21 November 1798 at Leith in Scotland.	John Clements Wickham	Leith
place of birth	Romy Müller (née Schneider born July 26, 1958 in Lübbenau, Brandenburg) is an East German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres and for the SC Dynamo Berlin and the Sportvereinigung Dynamo.	Romy Müller	Lübbenau
place of birth	John Albion Andrew was born in Windham, Maine (then a part of Massachusetts) on May 31, 1818, the eldest of four children.	John Albion Andrew	Windham
place of birth	Renata Aparecida da Costa, or simply Renata Costa or Kóki (born on July 8, 1986 in Assaí, Paraná) is a Brazilian women's soccer player.	Renata Costa	Assaí
place of birth	Rasoul Najafian( in Persian : رسول نجفیان) born in 1951 in Tehran is an Iranian actor, director and singer.	Rasoul Najafian	Tehran
place of birth	Nadine Debois (born September 25, 1961 in Paris) is a French athlete, specialising in the 400 meters and the Combined Events.	Nadine Debois	Paris
place of birth	Fiona Spence (born 10 October 1948, Kent, England), is a British-born stage and television actress and drama teacher.	Fiona Spence	Kent
place of birth	Ottavio Cinquanta (born 15 August 1938, in Rome), is President of the International Skating Union and a member of the International Olympic Committee.	Ottavio Cinquanta	Rome
place of birth	Jonathan Béhé (born 13 January 1989 in Marseille) is a French football player of Ivorian origin currently playing for S.League side Warriors FC, as a striker.	Jonathan Béhé	Marseille
place of birth	Marcio Veloz Maggiolo (born August 13, 1936 in Ciudad Trujillo, today Santo Domingo) is a Dominican writer, archaeologist and anthropologist.	Marcio Veloz Maggiolo	Santo Domingo
place of birth	Phil Wachsmann (born 5 August 1944) is an African avant-garde jazz/jazz fusion violinist born in Kampala, Uganda, probably better known for having founded his own group Chamberpot.	Phil Wachsmann	Kampala
place of birth	Chochana Boukhobza (Hebrew: בוקובזה שושנה‎, Sfax, March 2, 1959 - ) is an Israeli writer of Tunisian-Jewish descent.	Chochana Boukhobza	Sfax
place of birth	José Daniel Barquero Cabrero (Barcelona, born 13 July 1966) is a Spanish businessman and university teacher.	José Daniel Barquero Cabrero	Barcelona
place of birth	Margie Santimaria (born 18 February 1989 in Vigevano), is an Italian professional triathlete, National U23 Champion of the year 2010 and number 4 in the National Elite Ranking 2010.	Margie Santimaria	Vigevano
place of birth	Dante Lam Chiu-Yin (simplified Chinese: 林超贤; traditional Chinese: 林超賢; pinyin: Lín Chāoxián) is a major figure and film director of the Hong Kong action cinema.	Dante Lam	Hong Kong
place of birth	Étienne Daille (born 19 September 1989 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a French slalom canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.	Étienne Daille	Prague
place of birth	Calvin Davis (born April 2, 1972 in Eutaw, Alabama) is a former American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 meters, though his fame comes from his success in the 400 meter hurdles.	Calvin Davis	Eutaw
place of birth	Doychin Vasilev (Bulgarian: Дойчин Василев, born June 12, 1944 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian alpinist and cinematographer who has climbed five Himalayan 8,000 m peaks:	Doychin Vasilev	Sofia
place of birth	Chet Lam is a Hong Kong-based independent ``city-folk'' singer-songwriter.	Chet Lam	Hong Kong
place of birth	Dieter Falk (born 5 December 1959 in Siegen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German pianist, keyboardist, Christian composer, arranger, and record producer (e.g. Pur (band)).	Dieter Falk	Siegen
place of birth	Bernadette Mayer was born in a predominantly German part of Brooklyn, New York, in 1945.	Bernadette Mayer	Brooklyn
place of birth	Adriaan Luteijn was born 's Heer Arendskerke, a village in the southwest of the Netherlands, in 1964.	Adriaan Luteijn	's Heer Arendskerke
place of birth	Marcelle Mersereau, (born February 14, 1942 in Pointe-Verte, New Brunswick) is a Canadian politician.	Marcelle Mersereau	Pointe-Verte, New Brunswick
place of birth	George Cathcart, Commentaries on the War in Russia and Germany in 1812 and 1818, London: 1850.	George Cathcart	London
place of birth	Geoffrey Cowan was born to a Jewish family on May 8, 1942, in Chicago, Illinois.	Geoffrey Cowan	Chicago
place of birth	Rolandas Kazlas (May 11, 1969 in Molėtai) is a Lithuanian actor, comedian and theater director.	Rolandas Kazlas	Molėtai
place of birth	Flávio José Araújo known as Flávio Araújo (born 30 January 1963 in Fortaleza) is a Brazilian football manager.	Flávio Araújo	Fortaleza
place of birth	Ursula Dubosarsky (born Ursula Coleman, Sydney, 1961) is an Australian writer of fiction and non-fiction for children and young adults, whose work is characterised by a child's vision and voice of both clarity and ambiguity.	Ursula Dubosarsky	Sydney
place of birth	Barry Vercoe is a New Zealand-born computer scientist and composer.	Barry Vercoe	New Zealand
place of birth	Regiane Kelly Lima Alves (born August 31, 1978, Santo André), better known as Regiane Alves, is a Brazilian film and television actress and a former fashion design model.	Regiane Alves	Santo André
place of birth	A. J. Langer was born in Columbus, Ohio, daughter of Deana, an audiologist who owned a hearing aid distribution company, and Gary Langer, who worked in sales for a wholesale fashion distributor.	A. J. Langer	Columbus
place of birth	Jovanka Nikolic (born 16 December 1952, Novi Sad) is a Serbian author of prose, poetry and poetry for children.	Jovanka Nikolic	Novi Sad
place of birth	Joseph Hector Marini (born January 27, 1957 in Timmins, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey forward.	Hector Marini	Timmins
place of birth	Ross Gunn was born in Cleveland, Ohio, on May 12, 1897, the son of R. D. A. Gunn, a physician, and his wife Laura Conner Gunn.	Ross Gunn	Cleveland
place of birth	In 1968, he was honoured with the creation of the well-known Taman Ismail Marzuki (the Ismail Marzuki Park, often called TIM) which is a cultural centre in Menteng in central Jakarta.	Ismail Marzuki	Jakarta
place of birth	Callippus was born at Cyzicus, and studied under Eudoxus of Cnidus at the Academy of Plato.	Callippus	Cyzicus
place of birth	John Sieg was born in Detroit, Michigan, the son of a mechanic.	John Sieg	Detroit
place of birth	Juan Bautista Alberdi was born in San Miguel de Tucumán, capital city of the Tucumán Province, Argentina, on August 29, 1810.	Juan Bautista Alberdi	San Miguel de Tucumán
place of birth	Juste de Juste was born in Tours, and trained by his uncle Jean Juste, his father having died in 1519.	Juste de Juste	Tours
place of birth	Fadhili William was born to Halima Wughanga and Ramadhan Mwamburi in Taita-Taveta District near Mombasa.	Fadhili William	Mombasa
place of birth	Vito Badiane (born 2 June 1986 in Dakar) is a professional Senegalese football player, who currently plays for AS Douanes.	Vito Badiane	Dakar
place of birth	Ivan Cardoso (Rio de Janeiro, 1952) is a Brazilian filmmaker.	Ivan Cardoso	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Rosemary Laing is an Australian photographer born in 1959 in Brisbane, Queensland.	Rosemary Laing	Brisbane
place of birth	Ben Watton (born 28 July 1995) is an English child actor from Bournemouth, Dorset.	Ben Watton	Bournemouth
place of birth	Max Wilhelm Karl Draudt (11 March 1875, Darmstadt - 4 April 1953 Darmstadt) was a German entomologist, who specialised in Lepidoptera.	Max Wilhelm Karl Draudt	Darmstadt
place of birth	Marcel Mart (born 10 May 1927 in Esch-sur-Alzette) is a retired Luxembourgish politician, jurist, and businessperson.	Marcel Mart	Esch-sur-Alzette
place of birth	Born in the Tuscan city of Arezzo, in 1946, Patrizio Bertelli is part of an Italian family with a long legal tradition.	Patrizio Bertelli	Arezzo
place of birth	Farida Jalal, a native of New Delhi, started her career in the 1960s, when she won the United Film Producers Talent Hunt sponsored by Filmfare.	Farida Jalal	New Delhi
place of birth	Mahnaz Afshar (born 11 June 1977 in Tehran) is an Iranian actress who has been active since 1999 with acting in cinema and television series.	Mahnaz Afshar	Tehran
place of birth	Born in Rio de Janeiro, the daughter of a former model, Juliana Paiva started her career as a model when she was nine years old.	Juliana Paiva	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	David Zink Yi (born 1973, Lima, Peru) is a contemporary artist working primarily in video, photography, and sculpture.	David Zink Yi	Lima
place of birth	Barry Webster (born 3 March 1935, at 14 Pearson Place, Sheffield, England) is a former professional footballer who played in The Football League final for Rotherham United; and Bradford City.	Barry Webster	Sheffield
place of birth	Mario Mola (born 23 February 1990 in Palma de Mallorca), is a Spanish professional triathlete.	Mario Mola	Palma
place of birth	Giovanni Pradella (born 1971) The Pradella Organ Workshop has been located in the Valtellina province of Sondrio since 1993.	Giovanni Pradella	Sondrio
place of birth	Born in Terrassa, Barcelona, Catalonia, Migue played youth football for FC Barcelona, but only represented its C-team as a senior.	Migue	Terrassa
place of birth	Jeanne Behrend was born in Philadelphia and graduated from the Curtis Institute in 1934, where she studied piano with Josef Hofmann and composition with Rosario Scalero.	Jeanne Behrend	Philadelphia
place of birth	Brian Donovan is an American anime and cartoon voice actor residing in the U.S. state of California.	Brian Donovan	California
place of birth	Oscar Francisco de Moraes Junior, better known by his stage name, Oscar Filho (born August 27, 1978 in Atibaia) is a Brazilian actor, comedian, writer and reporter.	Oscar Filho	Atibaia
place of birth	Wang Chunlu (born 27 September 1978 in Changchun, China) is a Chinese short track speed skater.	Wang Chunlu	Changchun
place of birth	Lütfiye Ercimen was born in Gerede town of Bolu Province, Turkey on October 5, 1987.	Lütfiye Ercimen	Gerede
place of birth	Saar Klein (born 1967 in Israel) is an American film editor who has been nominated twice for Academy Awards (for The Thin Red Line (1998) and for Almost Famous (2000)), and who received an ACE Eddie Award for editing the latter film.	Saar Klein	Israel
place of birth	Matthew Brannon (born 1971, St. Maries, Idaho) is an artist who lives and works in New York City.	Matthew Brannon	Idaho
place of birth	Vladimir Zenzinov was born in Moscow in 1880, the son of a merchant.	Vladimir Zenzinov	Moscow
place of birth	Francis Walsingham was born in or about 1532, probably at Foots Cray, near Chislehurst, Kent.	Francis Walsingham	Kent
place of birth	Ignazio Messina was born in Palermo on 24 July 1964, from a family of magistrates and University professors.	Ignazio Messina	Palermo
place of birth	John Tobias (born August 24, 1969 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American comic book artist, graphic designer and video game designer.	John Tobias	Chicago
place of birth	Erik Acharius (10 October 1757, in Gävle -- 14 August 1819) was a Swedish botanist who pioneered the taxonomy of lichens and is known as the ``father of lichenology''.	Erik Acharius	Gävle
place of birth	Mehmet Suphi Kula (1881; Monastir (Bitola) -- October 19, 1948; Ankara) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army.	Mehmet Suphi Kula	Bitola
place of birth	Joe Kehoskie (born January 18, 1973 in Auburn, New York, U.S.) is an American baseball consultant, executive, and entrepreneur.	Joe Kehoskie	Auburn
place of birth	Chandler was the fourth of five children born to Oba Chandler Sr. and Margaret Johnson, and was raised in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Oba Chandler	Cincinnati
place of birth	Jean Lambert-wild is a theatre-maker and theatre director born in 1972 in Réunion.	Jean Lambert-wild	Réunion
place of birth	Joan Hutt was born on 16 September 1913 in Aspenden, Hertfordshire, England Her father, John Hutt MBE, was posted with the Ministry of Food in Malta at that time, but had sent his wife back to England to give birth.	Joan Hutt	Aspenden
place of birth	Daniil Simkin (born 12 October 1987 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian ballet dancer and Principal dancer with American Ballet Theatre.	Daniil Simkin	Novosibirsk
place of birth	Johann Hulsman, or Hans Holsman (1610 -- 1652), was a German Baroque painter active in Cologne.	Johann Hulsman	Cologne
place of birth	Kimiko Hahn (born 1955 Mount Kisco, New York) is an American poet and distinguished professor in the MFA program of Queens College, CUNY.	Kimiko Hahn	Mount Kisco
place of birth	Frédérique Quentin (born 22 December 1969 in Sibiville) is a retired French athlete who specialised in the middle-distance events.	Frédérique Quentin	Sibiville
place of birth	Markus Hediger was born in Zürich and brought up in Reinach, Aargau.	Markus Hediger	Zürich
place of birth	Jevgenija Lisicina also spelled Eugenia Lissitsyna, Jewgenia Lisitzina (Russian: Евгения Лисицына, Latvian: Jevgēnija Ļisicina, born on November 11, 1942 in Stupino, Russia) is a Latvian organist of Russian descent.	Jevgenija Lisicina	Stupino
place of birth	Christos Yannaras (Greek: Χρήστος Γιανναράς; born 10 April 1935 in Athens) is a Greek philosopher, Eastern Orthodox theologian and author of more than 50 books, translated into many languages.	Christos Yannaras	Athens
place of birth	Robert Hébras (born 29 June 1925 in Oradour-sur-Glane) was one of only six persons to survive the massacre of Oradour on the 10 June 1944.	Robert Hébras	Oradour-sur-Glane
place of birth	Born in 1938 in a small village called Kwara near Shimla in Himachal Pradesh, Manohar Singh got his first job in the state government run Drama Division.	Manohar Singh	Shimla
place of birth	Stanley Vincent was born in Hampstead North London, on 7 April 1897, the son of Dr Charles Vincent, and Hannah Phillips.	Stanley Vincent	Hampstead
place of birth	Tyler Bennett (born December 11, 1992) is an American Paralympic footballer from Akron, Ohio who won a silver medal in 2010 at the 2010 FIBA Americas Championship.	Tyler Bennett	Akron
place of birth	Michel Weyland (born 19 August 1947, in Brussels) is a Belgian artist, writer and cartoonist.	Michel Weyland	Brussels
place of birth	Samuel Dibble was born in Charleston, South Carolina, the oldest son of Philander Virgil (1808-1883) and Frances Ann (Evans) Dibble (1815-1891).	Samuel Dibble	Charleston
place of birth	Philippe Jordan (born 18 October 1974, Zürich) is a Swiss conductor, music director of the Opéra national de Paris, and the son of conductor Armin Jordan.	Philippe Jordan	Zürich
place of birth	Rosa María Bianchi (born February 18, 1948 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a Argentinean-born Mexican actress.	Rosa María Bianchi	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Vladimir Hertza (May 14, 1868, Chișinău - August 3, 1924, Chișinău) was a Moldovan politician, mayor of Chișinău between 1918-1919.	Vladimir Hertza	Chișinău
place of birth	Shao Jiayi (Chinese: 邵佳一; pinyin: Shào Jiāyī; born 10 April 1980) is a former Chinese footballer who predominantly played for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League and Energie Cottbus in the Bundesliga.	Shao Jiayi	Beijing
place of birth	Vittorio Orlandi (born 8 September 1938, in Rome) was an Italian show jumping rider.	Vittorio Orlandi	Rome
place of birth	Dermot McCaffrey (born 29 March 1986 in Omagh) is a Northern Irish footballer, currently with Dungannon Swifts.	Dermot McCaffrey	Omagh
place of birth	Henry de Groux (15 September 1866, Brussels -- 12 January 1930, Marseilles) was a Belgian Symbolist painter, sculptor and lithographer.	Henry de Groux	Brussels
place of birth	Jizzy Pearl (born James Wilkinson) is an American vocalist that was born on March 17, 1958, in Chicago, Illinois.	Jizzy Pearl	Chicago
place of birth	Ellen Weston (born April 19, 1939, New York City) is an American actress, producer, and writer.	Ellen Weston	New York City
place of birth	Davide Bramati (born 28 June 1968 in Vaprio d'Adda) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer who last rode at the UCI ProTeam level with the Quick Step-Innergetic team, which he joined in 2003 debuting for them at the Tour Down Under in Australia.	Davide Bramati	Vaprio d'Adda
place of birth	Zyber Lisi (born 1919, in Tiranë) is a former Albanian football player who played for both Sportklub Tiranë and Partizani Tirana between 1937 and 1954.	Zyber Lisi	Tirana
place of birth	Steffen Iversen was born in Oslo, when his father, Odd Iversen, was playing for Vålerenga.	Steffen Iversen	Oslo
place of birth	John Knibb (1650--1722) was an English clockmaker born in Claydon, Oxfordshire.	John Knibb	Claydon, Oxfordshire
place of birth	Heejun Han was born on April 20, 1989, to Jae Chun and Sun Ae Han of Anyang, Gyeonggi, South Korea.	Heejun Han	Anyang
place of birth	Benoît Croissant (born 9 August 1980 in Vitry-le-François) is a former French football player who retired in 2012.	Benoît Croissant	Vitry-le-François
place of birth	Vi Đức Hồi (born c. 1957) is an ethnically Tay Vietnamese democracy activist and former Communist Party official of Lạng Sơn Province.	Vi Đức Hồi	Lạng Sơn
place of birth	Born in Boston and raised in New Hampshire, O'Malley moved to Los Angeles in the late 1990s to star in a series for NBC, called The Mike O'Malley Show.	Mike O'Malley	Boston
place of birth	Munawwar Hasan (15 May 1964 -- 10 December 2008) was an Indian politician for the Muzaffarnagar constituency in Uttar Pradesh.	Munawwar Hasan	Uttar Pradesh
place of birth	Michele Boldrin (Padua, August 20, 1956) is an Italian-born economist, expert in economic growth, business cycles, technological progress and intellectual property.	Michele Boldrin	Padua
place of birth	Bolesław Dembiński (9 May 1833, Poznań -- 7 August 1914) was a Polish composer and organist, and an activist for the singer's societies.	Bolesław Dembiński	Poznań
place of birth	Meghan Schnur (born April 16, 1985, in Butler, Pennsylvania) is an American soccer midfielder currently playing for Sky Blue FC of Women's Professional Soccer and is a member of the United States U-23 women's national soccer team.	Meghan Schnur	Butler
place of birth	Ivan Ćirka (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Ћирка; born 3 July 1977) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Dinamo Pančevo in the Serbian League Vojvodina.	Ivan Ćirka	Pančevo
place of birth	The son of Pietro and Margaret Bonelli, née Williams, Jim Bonella was born at Maldon, Victoria on 17 December 1884.	Jim Bonella	Maldon
place of birth	Jean-Michel Frank was born in Paris, a son of Léon Frank, a banker, and his wife and cousin, the former Nanette Frank.	Jean-Michel Frank	Paris
place of birth	Rose Stahl was born in Montreal and spent her formative years in Chicago, Illinois, where her father worked.	Rose Stahl	Montreal
place of birth	Dora Maurer (born 1937 in Budapest) is a Hungarian artist that has spanned a 50 year career.	Dora Maurer	Budapest
place of birth	Hampartsoum Limondjian was born in 1768 on Çukur Sokak in the Beyoğlu district of Constantinople.	Hampartsoum Limondjian	Constantinople
place of birth	Thiago Neves Augusto, commonly known as Thiago Neves (born 27 February 1985 in Curitiba), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Al Jazira.	Thiago Neves	Curitiba
place of birth	After graduating from the New England Conservatory in 2005, Zaccai Curtis moved to New York City to pursue music.	Zaccai Curtis	New York City
place of birth	Roscoe Born (born November 24, 1950) is an American actor born in Topeka, Kansas, who is best known for his varied roles on television.	Roscoe Born	Topeka
place of birth	George Dreyfus AM (born 22 July 1928, Elberfeld (today part of Wuppertal), Germany) is an Australian contemporary classical, film and television composer.	George Dreyfus	Elberfeld
place of birth	Lee Wai Tong was born in Tai Hang, Hong Kong as the third child to a construction firm owner before he moved back to his parents home of Wuhua County in Meizhou, Guangdong, China at the age of four.	Lee Wai Tong	Tai Hang
place of birth	He was born as Hermon Reed Howes in Washington, D.C. in 1900to Edwin L. Howes and Grace LaForest Howes (nee Meserve).	Reed Howes	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	František Emmert was born in 1974 in Brno into the family of a music composer and professor at the Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts, Franz Gregor Emmert.	František Emmert	Brno
place of birth	Nrisingha Prasad Bhaduri was born on 23 November 1950 at village Gopalpur in Pabna (now in Bangladesh).	Nrisingha Prasad Bhaduri	Pabna
place of birth	Julien Baudet (born 13 January 1979 in Grenoble) is a French footballer and current manager.	Julien Baudet	Grenoble
place of birth	Hanna Segal, psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, was born in Łódź, German Empire, from where she had to flee in 1939, arriving in Great Britain (via Switzerland and France).	Hanna Segal	Łódź
place of birth	Youakim Moubarac was born in Kfarsghab, Zgharta, Lebanon in a Maronite family of long sacerdotal tradition.	Youakim Moubarac	Kfarsghab
place of birth	Hilda Nilsson (1876 -- 10 August 1917) was a Swedish serial killer from Helsingborg who became known as ``the angel maker on Bruks Street''.	Hilda Nilsson	Helsingborg
place of birth	Sergeant ``Chris Ryan'' MM (born 1961, Rowlands Gill) is the pseudonym of former British Special Forces operative and soldier turned novelist Colin Armstrong.	Chris Ryan	Rowlands Gill
place of birth	Mirko Salvi (* 14 February 1994 in Yverdon-les-Bains) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as Goalkeeper.	Mirko Salvi	Yverdon-les-Bains
place of birth	Otar Kakabadze (Georgian: ოთარ კაკაბაძე; born 27 June 1995) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a Defender for Dinamo Tbilisi.	Otar Kakabadze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Nathanael was the son of Nathanael Greene (4 November 1707 -- October 1768), a Quaker farmer and smith, and he was the great great grandson of John Greene and Samuel Gorton, both of whom were founding settlers of Warwick, Rhode Island.	Nathanael Greene	Warwick
place of birth	Gloria Votsis was born and grew up in Upstate New York to a self-professed ``big fat Greek family''.	Gloria Votsis	New York
place of birth	Die Katharsis des Aristoteles und der Oedipus Collones des Sophokles, Berlin, 1866 Briefwechsel zwischen Wilhelm Dilthey und dem Grafen Paul Yorck von Wartenburg 1877 - 1897, Reprint Hildesheim 1995.	Paul Yorck von Wartenburg	Berlin
place of birth	Sérgio Sant'Anna is a Brazilian writer, born in 1941 in the city of Rio de Janeiro.	Sérgio Sant'Anna	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Richard Burton was born Richard Walter Jenkins in the village of Pontrhydyfen, Neath Port Talbot, Wales.	Richard Burton	Wales
place of birth	Li Chunfeng (simplified Chinese: 李淳风; traditional Chinese: 李淳風; pinyin: Lǐ Chúnfèng; Wade--Giles: Li Ch'un-feng) (602--670) was a Chinese mathematician, astronomer, and historian who was born in today's Baoji, Shaanxi during the Sui and Tang dynasties.	Li Chunfeng	Baoji
place of birth	Raman Hui Shing-Ngai (Traditional Chinese: 許誠毅, born 1963) is a Hong Kong animator and film director best known for co-directing Shrek the Third, and (co)directing several short films, including Kung Fu Panda:	Raman Hui	Hong Kong
place of birth	Eric Leandro da Silva or simply Eric (born March 8, 1989 in São José do Rio Preto), is a Brazilian striker.	Eric Leandro da Silva	São José do Rio Preto
place of birth	Dominique Mulhem (Born 1952 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French painter.	Dominique Mulhem	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of birth	Mark Plaatjes (born 2 June 1962 in Johannesburg) was the marathon champion at the 1993 World Championships in Athletics in Stuttgart.	Mark Plaatjes	Johannesburg
place of birth	Ken McPherson (born 25 March 1927, Hartlepool) is an English former professional footballer.	Ken McPherson	Hartlepool
place of birth	Michał Probierz (born 24 September 1972 in Bytom) is a retired Polish footballer and current coach.	Michał Probierz	Bytom
place of birth	Akram Zaatari (born in 1966 Sidon, Lebanon) is a filmmaker, photographer, archival artist and curator.	Akram Zaatari	Sidon
place of birth	In 1972, Bill Booth started the Relative Workshop in a Miami garage.	Bill Booth	Miami
place of birth	Maxime Ras (born 14 July 1988 in Chambray-lès-Tours, France) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for Mulhouse.	Maxime Ras	Chambray-lès-Tours
place of birth	Barnabas Enjoy (born 10 May 1980 in the Cook Islands) is a footballer who plays as a Defender.	Barnabas Enjoy	Cook Islands
place of birth	Qiao Shi was born Jiang Zhitong (蔣志彤; Jiǎng Zhìtóng) in December 1924 in Shanghai.	Qiao Shi	Shanghai
place of birth	Tadas Karosas (born 1963 in Vilnius) is a businessman, serial entrepreneur, the founder and developer of e-commerce enterprises,the owner of holding company ``LTk Capital'', the founder and owner of restaurants chain ``Čili Holdings''.	Tadas Karosas	Vilnius
place of birth	Brett Halsey (born Charles Oliver Hand on June 20, 1933, in Santa Ana, California) is an American film actor, sometimes credited as Montgomery Ford.	Brett Halsey	Santa Ana
place of birth	John McCosh or John MacCosh or James McCosh (Kirkmichael, Ayrshire, 5 March 1805 -- 18 January / 16 March 1885) was a Scottish army surgeon who made hobbyist photographs whilst serving in India and Burma.	John McCosh	Kirkmichael
place of birth	Mark Ethridge (born May 28, 1949) is a novelist, screenwriter, and the president of Carolina Parenting, Inc. which publishes Charlotte Parent magazine and the parenting magazines in Greensboro/Winston-Salem/High Point and Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill.	Mark Ethridge	Winston-Salem
place of birth	Benoît Dorémus (born 20 May 1980, in Besançon) is a French singer-songwriter.	Benoît Dorémus	Besançon
place of birth	Alexander McCall Smith was born in Bulawayo in the British colony of Southern Rhodesia (present-day Zimbabwe), where his father worked as a public prosecutor.	Alexander McCall Smith	Bulawayo
place of birth	Grimme was born in Goslar, Prussian Hanover, the son of Louise, née Sander (1858-1952) and Adolf Grimme (1854-1906), a train station master.	Adolf Grimme	Goslar
place of birth	Eliza Hittman is a screenwriter, producer, and director born and based in New York City.	Eliza Hittman	New York City
place of birth	Wharton Tiers (born 1953 in Philadelphia) is an American audio engineer, record producer, drummer and percussionist.	Wharton Tiers	Philadelphia
place of birth	Simo Krunić (Serbian Cyrillic: Cимo Kpунић ; born January 13, 1967 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian football manager and former player.	Simo Krunić	Sarajevo
place of birth	During the 1996--97 season, Ronaldo scored 47 goals in 49 games in all competitions, with his goal celebration invariably the same with his arms outstretched like the statue of Christ the Redeemer that watches over his native Rio de Janeiro.	Ronaldo	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Percy Cerutty was born in Prahran, a suburb of Melbourne, in 1895.	Percy Cerutty	Melbourne
place of birth	Patricia Mayr-Achleitner (née Mayr; born 8 November 1986 in Rum) is a retired Austrian tennis player.	Patricia Mayr-Achleitner	Rum
place of birth	Orhan Mustafi (Macedonian: Орхан Мустафи) (born 4 April 1990 in Kumanovo, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Swiss footballer of Albanian descent who plays as a striker.	Orhan Mustafi	Kumanovo
place of birth	Ayinde Barrister was born to the family of Salawu Balogun of Ibadan, his father was a butcher while his mother was a trader.	Ayinde Barrister	Ibadan
place of birth	Meir Pichhadze (August 16, 1955 in Kutaisi, Georgia -- February 4, 2010 in Tel Aviv, Israel) was an Israeli artist and painter.	Meir Pichhadze	Kutaisi
place of birth	Ivan Mezhlauk was born in Kharkiv, in the Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire on 30 September 1891.	Ivan Mezhlauk	Kharkiv
place of birth	A native of Zadar, Tomislav Ivčić became one of the most popular singers and songwriters during his appearances on 1970s pop music festivals.	Tomislav Ivčić	Zadar
place of birth	Sarbel Michael was born and raised in Southgate, London, England, to a Cypriot father, Elias, himself a singer and bouzouki player, and a Lebanese Maronite mother, a lawyer.	Sarbel	London
place of birth	Ali Akbar Abdolrashidi (علی‌اکبر عبدالرشیدی) (born 1949 in Kerman) is an Iranian intellectual, journalist, writer, traveler, translator, and university lecturer.	Ali Akbar Abdolrashidi	Kerman
place of birth	Wang Qishan was born in Qingdao, Shandong, but his ancestral hometown is considered Tianzhen, Shanxi.	Wang Qishan	Qingdao
place of birth	Ferenc Móra was born in Kiskunfélegyháza, into a financially poor family.	Ferenc Móra	Kiskunfélegyháza
place of birth	Esad Erbili or Mehmed Esad Efendi was a shaykh of the Naqshi-Khalidi sufi order and brought a branch of the Naqshbandiyyah with him to Istanbul at the beginning of World War I.	Esad Erbili	Istanbul
place of birth	Johann August Kaupert (9 May 1822 -- 11 February 1899) was a German topographer and cartographer born in Kassel.	Johann August Kaupert	Kassel
place of birth	José Darío Argüello (1753-1828) was born in Santiago de Querétaro, New Spain (present day Mexico).	José Darío Argüello	Querétaro
place of birth	Žanna Juškāne (born October 5, 1989 in Rēzekne) is a Latvian biathlete.	Žanna Juškāne	Rēzekne
place of birth	Lior Ashkenazi (Hebrew: ליאור אשכנזי‎; born in 1969 in Ramat Gan) is an Israeli screen and stage actor.	Lior Ashkenazi	Ramat Gan
place of birth	Attila Richard Lukacs and Michael Morris'', Art Gallery of Alberta, Edmonton,AB.	Attila Richard Lukacs	Edmonton
place of birth	Roger Smart (born 25 March 1943 in Swindon) is a retired football Inside Forward.	Roger Smart	Swindon
place of birth	Jay Chamberlain (December 29, 1925 in Los Angeles, California -- August 1, 2001) was a racing driver from the United States.	Jay Chamberlain	Los Angeles
place of birth	Honey Rose was born to Varkey and Rosily in a Syro-Malabar Nasrani family in Moolamattom, Thodupuzha.	Honey Rose	Moolamattom
place of birth	Éric William N'Jo Léa (born 15 July 1962) is a French former professional footballer who played as a striker for Brest, Paris Saint-Germain, Lens and Caen.	William N'Jo Léa	Paris
place of birth	Isabel Toledo was born in Cuba and moved to New Jersey where she attended high school and met her future husband and collaborator, Ruben Toledo, whom she married in 1984.	Isabel Toledo	Cuba
place of birth	Okon Flo Essien (born December 31, 1981 in Calabar, Cross River State) is a Nigerian professional footballer.	Okon Flo Essien	Calabar
place of birth	Pavlo Lazarenko was born in a village of Karpivka (Shyroke Raion) that is located just outside a former Inhulets city (today part of Kryvyi Rih) on 23 January 1953 in peasant family (gardener).	Pavlo Lazarenko	Karpivka
place of birth	John E. Exner, Jr. (1928 -- February 20, 2006), born in Syracuse, New York, was an American psychologist.	John E. Exner	Syracuse
place of birth	Ernst Julius Theodor Korselt (24 November 1891, Annaberg-Buchholz, Kingdom of Saxony -- 25 August 1943) was a German jurist, genealogist, and ``homeland researcher'' (``Heimatforscher'').	Theodor Korselt	Annaberg-Buchholz
place of birth	Leo Feld (14 February 1869, Augsburg - 5 September 1924) was an Austrian librettist, dramaturge, stage director, and writer.	Leo Feld	Augsburg
place of birth	Edward Gleason Spaulding (6 August 1873 -- 1940) was an American philosopher from Burlington, Vermont.	Edward Gleason Spaulding	Burlington
place of birth	Shelly Mars (born 1960, Celina, Ohio) is a performance artist, actor and printmaker based in New York.	Shelly Mars	Celina, Ohio
place of birth	George Courtney (born 4 June 1941) is an English former football referee based in Spennymoor, County Durham.	George Courtney	Spennymoor
place of birth	Nick Toczek (born 20 September 1950; Shipley, England) is a British writer and performer working variously as poet, journalist, magician, vocalist, lyricist and radio broadcaster.	Nick Toczek	Shipley
place of birth	Aşir Atlı (1881; Kilis - October 23, 1957; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and a general of the Turkish Army.	Aşir Atlı	Kilis
place of birth	George Cabrera (born 14 December 1988) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln Red Imps and the Gibraltar national team, where he plays as a striker.	George Cabrera	Gibraltar
place of birth	Paula Stone (January 20, 1912 -- December 23, 1997) was an actress in theater and motion pictures from New York City.	Paula Stone	New York City
place of birth	Statz Friedrich von Fullen was born in Eystrup to a noble family of Westphalian origin, which moved to Lüneburg.	Statz Friedrich von Fullen	Eystrup
place of birth	Vladislavs Kozlovs (born 30 November 1987 in Rēzekne) is a Latvian footballer, who currently plays for FC Infonet in the Estonian Meistriliiga.	Vladislavs Kozlovs	Rēzekne
place of birth	Edwin Alfred Howard (July 6, 1922 - November 3, 1942)was born July 6, 1922 in Phoenix, Arizona.	Edwin Alfred Howard	Phoenix
place of birth	Fátima Bernardes (born September 17, 1962 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian journalist and TV presenter.	Fátima Bernardes	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	David Ngaihte (born 16 December 1989 in Manipur) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a Winger for Shillong Lajong in the I-League.	David Ngaihte	Manipur
place of birth	Louis Cretey, formerly known as Pierre-Louis Cretey (c.1635, in Lyon - after 1702), was a French baroque painter.	Louis Cretey	Lyon
place of birth	Joseph Deiss started his political career in 1981 as a representative of his party in the cantonal parliament of Fribourg.	Joseph Deiss	Fribourg
place of birth	Larisa Mikhalchenko (Ukrainian: Лариса Михальченко; born 16 May 1963 in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian former discus thrower.	Larisa Mikhalchenko	Lviv
place of birth	Irena Sedlecká (born September 7, 1928 in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech sculptor and Fellow of the Royal British Society of Sculptors.	Irena Sedlecká	Plzeň
place of birth	Carlo Mazzoni was born and lives in Milan.	Carlo Mazzoni	Milan
place of birth	William I, Count of Schwarzburg-Frankenhausen (4 October 1534 in Sondershausen -- 30 September 1597 in Straußberg, which is today part of Sondershausen), was the ruling Count of Schwarzburg-Frankenhausen from 1571 until his death.	William I, Count of Schwarzburg-Frankenhausen	Sondershausen
place of birth	Dr Vinya Ariyaratne is the General Secretary of Sarvodaya and also a lecturer in Community Medicine Faculty of Medical Sciences University of Sri Jayewardenepura in Sri Lanka.	Vinya Ariyaratne	Sri Lanka
place of birth	Alois Kayser (March 29, 1877 in Lupstein/Alsace -- October 21, 1944 in Chuuk) was a German/French Roman Catholic missionary who spent almost 40 years on Nauru and wrote a Nauruan grammar (and possibly a Nauruan language dictionary).	Alois Kayser	Lupstein
place of birth	Andor Földes (later Andor Foldes; 21 December 1913 --9 February 1992) was an internationally renowned Hungarian pianist born in Budapest, who later took American citizenship.	Andor Földes	Budapest
place of birth	Pat Kerrins (born 13 September 1936 in Fulham, London) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as an outside left for Queens Park Rangers, Crystal Palace and Southend United.	Pat Kerrins	Fulham
place of birth	James Siena was born in Oceanside, California in 1957 but lived and grew up in Washington D.C. until the age of 12, when his family moved to California in 1969.	James Siena	Oceanside
place of birth	Olli Dittrich (born 20 November 1956 in Offenbach am Main) is a German actor, comedian, television personality and musician.	Olli Dittrich	Offenbach am Main
place of birth	Janet Peery (born July 18, 1948 Wichita, Kansas) is an American short story writer and novelist.	Janet Peery	Wichita
place of birth	Adelina Abranches (August 15, 1866 -- November 21, 1945) was a Portuguese stage actress born in Lisbon.	Adelina Abranches	Lisbon
place of birth	Ruud ter Heide (born 15 October 1982 in Enschede, Overijssel) is a former Dutch footballer who currently plays for Hoofdklasse side SVZW.	Ruud ter Heide	Enschede
place of birth	Leo Burnett was born in St. Johns, Michigan, on October 21, 1891 to Noble and Rose Clark Burnett.	Leo Burnett	St. Johns
place of birth	Etheldred Benett was the eldest daughter of Thomas Benett (1729--1797) of Wiltshire and Catherine née Darell (d. 1790); her brother, John (1773--1852), was a member of Parliament for Wiltshire and later South Wiltshire from 1819 to1852.	Etheldred Benett	Wiltshire
place of birth	Luzio Luzi (sometimes Luzzi or Luci), also known as Luzio Luzi da Todi and Luzio Romano (died late 16th century), was an Italian painter of the Late Renaissance/Mannerism era.	Luzio Luzi	Todi
place of birth	John Hay Beith was born at Platt Abbey, Rusholme, Manchester, the third son and sixth child of John Alexander Beith, and his wife Janet, née Fleming.	John Hay Beith	Rusholme
place of birth	Jon Newsome (born 6 September 1970) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1989 until 2000, notably in the Premier League for Sheffield Wednesday, Leeds United and Norwich City.	Jon Newsome	Sheffield
place of birth	Pueyrredón was born in Buenos Aires, the fifth of eight sons of Juan Martín de Pueyrredón y Labroucherie, and his wife, María Rita Damasia O'Doggan y Soria.	Juan Martín de Pueyrredón	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Maria Koleva was born in Sofia, Bulgaria, and studied chemical engineering in the United States and Germany before emigrating to France in 1971.	Maria Koleva	Sofia
place of birth	Jose Chavez y Chavez (1851 -- 1924) was an outlaw from the Mexican Territory, present day U.S. state of New Mexico He was said to be of Spanish-Native American ancestry.	Jose Chavez y Chavez	New Mexico
place of birth	John Tong Hon (born 31 July 1939) is a Chinese cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Bishop of Hong Kong.	John Tong Hon	Hong Kong
place of birth	Henry Roe Cloud was born December 28, 1884, a member of the Bird Clan, on the Winnebago Reservation in northeastern Nebraska and was orphaned when his parents died in 1896 and 1897.	Henry Roe Cloud	Winnebago Reservation
place of birth	Kurt Wünsche (born 14 December 1929 in Obernigk (present day Oborniki Śląskie in Poland)) is a former German politician who was twice Minister of Justice of the German Democratic Republic.	Kurt Wünsche	Oborniki Śląskie
place of birth	Christos Aravidis (born 13 March 1987) is a striker currently playing in the Superleague for AEK Athens.	Christos Aravidis	Athens
place of birth	Li Xueying (Chinese: 李雪英; pinyin: Lĭ Xǔeyīng; born May 15, 1990 in Henan) is a Chinese weightlifter.	Li Xueying	Henan
place of birth	Anna Holmlund (born 3 October 1987 in Sundsvall) is a Swedish Ski cross athlete with two World Cup victories.	Anna Holmlund	Sundsvall
place of birth	Raphael Soyer and his identical twin brother, Moses, were born in Borisoglebsk, Tambov, a southern province of Russia in 1899.	Raphael Soyer	Borisoglebsk
place of birth	Rainer Frimmel (born July 11, 1971, in Vienna) is an Austrian director and photographer.	Rainer Frimmel	Vienna
place of birth	Mateusz Zaremba (born 27 October 1984, in Nowogard) is a Polish handballer who plays for the Polish team Vive Targi Kielce and the Polish national team.	Mateusz Zaremba	Nowogard
place of birth	Fabrizio Mori (born 28 June 1969 in Livorno) is an Italian hurdler, best known for his gold medal at the 1999 World Championships.	Fabrizio Mori	Livorno
place of birth	Beppe Gambetta is an Italian musician born in Genoa in 1955.	Beppe Gambetta	Genoa
place of birth	Willem Karel Dicke (15 February 1905, Dordrecht -- 1962, De Bilt) was a Dutch paediatrician who was the first to develop the gluten-free diet and to show that in coeliac disease some types of flour cause relapse.	Willem Karel Dicke	Dordrecht
place of birth	Yuri Floriani (born 25 December 1981, in Trento) is an Italian steeplechase runner.	Yuri Floriani	Trento
place of birth	Nancy A. Moran (born December 21, 1954, Dallas, Texas) is an American evolutionary biologist, University of Texas Leslie Surginer Endowed Professor, and co-founder of the The Yale Microbial Diversity Institute.	Nancy A. Moran	Dallas
place of birth	John Raven was born on 13 December 1914 in Cambridge, the son of Charles Earle Raven, sometime Regius Professor of Divinity at Cambridge and Master of Christ's College, Cambridge and of Margaret Wollaston.	John Raven	Cambridge
place of birth	Duncan Russell (born 12 March 1958 in London, England) was the manager of Conference National side Mansfield Town until 12 May 2011 when they decided not to renew his contract.	Duncan Russell	London
place of birth	Mary Apick (Persian: مری آپیک‎‎; born 1954 in Tehran) is an Iranian-Armenian Stage, Television and Film actress.	Mary Apick	Tehran
place of birth	Born in the west Ukrainian town of Stanislaviv (since 1962 Ivano-Frankivsk) to a Belarusian father and a Ukrainian mother, Svetlana Alexievich grew up in Belarus.	Svetlana Alexievich	Ivano-Frankivsk
place of birth	Harden M. McConnell was born on July 18, 1927, in Richmond, Virginia and his interest in science, particularly chemistry, began when he discovered a box of copper sulfate crystals in the basement of his home at the approximate age of 12.	Harden M. McConnell	Richmond
place of birth	Meredith Michaels-Beerbaum (born 26 December 1969 in Los Angeles, California) is an American-born German equestrian who competes at the international level in show jumping.	Meredith Michaels-Beerbaum	Los Angeles
place of birth	Jürgen Gelsdorf (born 19 January 1953 in Duisburg) is a German football coach and former player who is currently youth teams coordinator at Bayer 04 Leverkusen.	Jürgen Gelsdorf	Duisburg
place of birth	Born in Funchal, João Diogo joined local C.S. Marítimo's youth system in 1996, at the age of 8.	João Diogo	Funchal
place of birth	Robertino Pugliara (born 21 February 1984 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in Indonesia Super League.	Robertino Pugliara	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Norma González Camilde (born 11 August 1982, in Santander de Quilichao, Cauca) is a Colombian sprinter.	Norma González	Santander de Quilichao
place of birth	Ernst Bacon was born in Chicago, Illinois, on May 26, 1898 to Maria von Rosthorn Bacon (sister of Alfons von Rosthorn and Arthur von Rosthorn) and Dr. Charles S. Bacon.	Ernst Bacon	Chicago
place of birth	Héctor Tobar (born 1963, Los Angeles) is a Los Angeles author and journalist, whose work examines the evolving and interdependent relationship between Latin America and the United States.	Héctor Tobar	Los Angeles
place of birth	Baba Kalyani was born on 7 January 1949 to Sulochana and Neelakanth Kalyani, a Pune based technocrat and maker of auto components.	Baba Kalyani	Pune
place of birth	Yiannis Melanitis (Greek: Γιάννης Μελανίτης) is a Greek conceptual artist, performance artist, sculptor, installation artist, digital artist, born in Athens in 1967.	Yiannis Melanitis	Athens
place of birth	Christian Altinier (born 15 February 1983, in Mantua) is an Italian football attacker who currently plays for Calcio Padova.	Christian Altinier	Mantua
place of birth	Josie d'Arby (born Josephine Collins on 3 October 1972) is a Welsh actress, writer, director, and television presenter from Newport, Monmouthshire, Wales.	Josie d'Arby	Newport
place of birth	Born in Starkville, Mississippi, Hayes Jones was quite short for a hurdler (only 5 feet and 10 inches), but his outstanding speed, great start, and nearly perfect technique won him many championship titles.	Hayes Jones	Starkville, Mississippi
place of birth	Letizia Bertoni (Milan, 5 March 1937) is a former Italian hurdler.	Letizia Bertoni	Milan
place of birth	Saeid Ebrahimi (Persian: سعید ابراهیمی‎, born 22 December 1982 in Nahavand) is an Iranian wrestler.	Saeid Ebrahimi	Nahavand
place of birth	Francesco Frattini (born 18 January 1967, in Varese) is an Italian former road bicycle racer.	Francesco Frattini	Varese
place of birth	Craig Pollock (born February 20, 1956 in Falkirk, Scotland), is a businessman who was the manager of the Formula One driver Jacques Villeneuve throughout his top-level career, and team principal of the British American Racing team from 1999 to 2002.	Craig Pollock	Falkirk
place of birth	Michael Jerome Moore, known as Michael Jerome is a Wichita, Kansas-born African-American rock musician and drummer.	Michael Jerome	Wichita
place of birth	Justus van Gent or Joos van Wassenhove (also: Justus or Jodocus of Ghent, or Giusto da Guanto) (c. 1410 -- c. 1480) was an Early Netherlandish painter who in his later life worked in Italy.	Justus van Gent	Ghent
place of birth	Martina Warren (born 12 August 1983 in Romford, Havering) is a pornographic and glamour model.	Martina Warren	Romford
place of birth	Boris Zakhoder was born to a Jewish family in Kagul (now Cahul, Moldova) and grew up in Moscow.	Boris Zakhoder	Cahul
place of birth	Stefano Pesoli (born February 29, 1984 in Anagni) is an Italian footballer currently without a club.	Stefano Pesoli	Anagni
place of birth	Roy Hart studied English and Psychology at the Witwatersrand University, Johannesburg before coming to England to train as an actor at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA).	Roy Hart	Johannesburg
place of birth	Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna was born in Santiago, the son of Pedro Félix Vicuña and Carmen Mackenna Vicuña, and grandson of General Juan Mackenna, hero of the Chilean War of Independence.	Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna	Santiago
place of birth	Aleksey Pavlovitch Hansky (Алексей Павлович Ганский; 20 July 1870, Odessa -- 11 August 1908, Simeiz) was a Russian astronomer.	Aleksey Pavlovitch Hansky	Odessa
place of birth	Alois Kottmann (* 1929 in Großauheim, Hesse) is a German violinist, music pedagogue, university professor and patron.	Alois Kottmann	Großauheim
place of birth	Pedro Gil Gómez, better known as Pedro Gil (born Sant Sadurní d'Anoia, Barcelona, 13 December 1980), is a Spanish roller hockey player.	Pedro Gil Gómez	Sant Sadurní d'Anoia
place of birth	Shae Marks was born in New Orleans, Louisiana where she spent most of childhood.	Shae Marks	New Orleans
place of birth	John Pawson (born 1949, Halifax, England) is a British architectural designer whose work is known for its minimalist aesthetic.	John Pawson	Halifax
place of birth	Percy Yutar was born in the Cape Town suburb of Woodstock of parents who had come to South Africa from the ghettos of Lithuania, like the majority of the country's strong Jewish community.	Percy Yutar	Cape Town
place of birth	Orazio Alfani (c. 1510 -- 1583) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in both Palermo and Perugia.	Orazio Alfani	Perugia
place of birth	Born in the Kham region of Tibet in February 1939, Chögyam Trungpa was eleventh in the line of Trungpa tülkus, important figures in the Kagyu lineage, one of the four main schools of Tibetan Buddhism.	Chögyam Trungpa	Kham
place of birth	The Harry M. Caudill Library located in Whitesburg, Kentucky, the main library of the Letcher County Public Library District, is named for Caudill.	Harry M. Caudill	Whitesburg, Kentucky
place of birth	Louis Ide (born 3 July 1973 in Roeselare) is a Belgian physician and politician affiliated to the N-VA.	Louis Ide	Roeselare
place of birth	Andrés Novales (Manila, 1800--1823) was a Creole captain in the Spanish Army in the Philippines.	Andrés Novales	Manila
place of birth	Bernard Anselme was born on 3 November 1945 in Mouscron, Wallonia to a postal worker.	Bernard Anselme	Mouscron
place of birth	Henry Littlejohn was born in Edinburgh in 1826 to Thomas Littlejohn, a confectioner of 33 Leith Street, and Isabella Duncan.	Henry Littlejohn	Edinburgh
place of birth	The youngest of the Group of Seven, Franklin Carmichael was born in 1890 in Orillia, Ontario.	Franklin Carmichael	Orillia
place of birth	Anton Pointner (8 December 1894, in Salzburg -- 8 September 1949, in Hintersee) was an Austrian film actor.	Anton Pointner	Salzburg
place of birth	La Serneta (Jerez de la Frontera, 1837 -- Utrera, 1910) was a famous Spanish flamenco singer (cantaora).	La Serneta	Jerez de la Frontera
place of birth	Vincenzo Mangiacapre (born 17 January 1989 in Marcianise) is an Italian light welterweight amateur boxer, who won Bronze at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships and the 2012 Olympics.	Vincenzo Mangiacapre	Marcianise
place of birth	George Condo (born 1957 in Concord, New Hampshire) is an American contemporary visual artist working in the mediums of painting, drawing, sculpture and printmaking.	George Condo	Concord
place of birth	Rhys Wilmot (born 21 February 1962 in Newport) is a former Welsh professional footballer and youth academy Goalkeeping Coach at Football League Two side Plymouth Argyle.	Rhys Wilmot	Newport
place of birth	Michael Rothschild (born August 2, 1942 in Chicago, Illinois, United States) is an American economist; he is visiting professor at the Department of Economics of the University of California in Los Angeles (UCLA) and a former dean at Princeton.	Michael Rothschild	Chicago
place of birth	Peter Keevash was born in Brighton, England, but mostly grew up in Leeds.	Peter Keevash	Brighton
place of birth	Charles Devlin was born in Ireland and migrated to the United States at the age of 27.	Charles Devlin	Ireland
place of birth	Sergey Rabchenko (birth name: Siarhei Rabchanka, born 23 February 1986 in Minsk) is a Belarusian professional boxer.	Sergey Rabchenko	Minsk
place of birth	David Oreck was born close to Duluth, Minnesota and attended the University of Minnesota Duluth.	David Oreck	Duluth
place of birth	Louis Fles was born in Maassluis, Netherlands on October 19, 1871 to Jewish parents.	Louis Fles	Maassluis
place of birth	Tom Wills was born on 19 August 1835 on the Molonglo Plain near modern-day Canberra, in what was the British penal colony of New South Wales, as the elder child of Horatio and Elizabeth (née McGuire) Wills.	Tom Wills	Molonglo Plain
place of birth	Abid Surti was born in a Muslim family on 5 May 1935 at Vavera near Rajula city, Gujarat, India to Gulam-hussain and Sakina Begum.	Abid Surti	Rajula
place of birth	Andreas Goller (15 March 1976, in Bolzano) is an Italian sports manager and football players' agent.	Andreas Goller	Bolzano
place of birth	Youenn Gwernig was born in 1925 in the town of Scaër (Brittany).	Youenn Gwernig	Scaër
place of birth	Zdeněk Liška was born on 16 March 1922 in Smečno near Kladno in central Bohemia.	Zdeněk Liška	Smečno
place of birth	Hugh Nibley was born in Portland, Oregon, a son of Alexander Nibley and Agnes Sloan.	Hugh Nibley	Portland
place of birth	Helen Rose was born on February 2, 1904 to William Bromberg and Ray Bobbs in Chicago, Illinois of German and Russian descent.	Helen Rose	Chicago
place of birth	The third son of Seventh-day Adventist missionary John Bunyan Lutuli and Mtonya Gumede, Albert Lutuli was born near Bulawayo in what was then called Rhodesia, around 1898.	Albert Lutuli	Bulawayo
place of birth	At the Futa pass, on the mountains over his native Barberino di Mugello, a monument is placed remembering him: a big bronze bas-relief portrait of him racing and the inscription which says: ``A Gastone Nencini.	Gastone Nencini	Barberino di Mugello
place of birth	Dr. Franz Heinrich Zitz (November 18, 1803 in Mainz -- April 30, 1877) was a prominent Mainz attorney and enjoyed much success with women due to his comeliness.	Franz Heinrich Zitz	Mainz
place of birth	Daniel Hubmann (born 16 April 1983 in Eschlikon, Thurgau) is a Swiss orienteering competitor, world champion in the long course and winner of the overall Orienteering World Cup in 2008.	Daniel Hubmann	Eschlikon
place of birth	Aziz Ansari was born in Columbia, South Carolina, to a Tamil Muslim family from Tamil Nadu, India, however Ansari has described himself as an atheist.	Aziz Ansari	Columbia
place of birth	Bartholomew Columbus (Genoese dialect: Bertomê Corombo; Spanish: Bartolomé Colón; Italian: Bartolomeo Colombo) (c. 1461 -- 1515) was an Italian explorer from Genoa and the younger brother of Christopher Columbus.	Bartholomew Columbus	Genoa
place of birth	Nevfel Cumart (born May 31, 1964 in Lingenfeld) is a German author, lecturer, literary translator and journalist of Turkish descent.	Nevfel Cumart	Lingenfeld
place of birth	William L. Lyons (June 3, 1857 -- June 2, 1911) was mayor of Louisville, Kentucky from 1890 to 1891.	William L. Lyons	Louisville
place of birth	Mark Damon was born Alan Harris in Chicago, Illinois, the son of a grocer.	Mark Damon	Chicago
place of birth	Sohan Roy S K (born in Aickarakonam village in Punalur, Kollam district, Kerala, India in 1967) is a naval architect and CEO of Aries Group of Companies.	Sohan Roy	Kerala
place of birth	Ruth Sahanaya (born September 1, 1966 in Bandung, West Java) is an Indonesian pop singer.	Ruth Sahanaya	Bandung
place of birth	Jaime Meline (born March 2, 1975), better known by his stage name El-P (originally El Producto), is an American hip hop recording artist, record producer, rapper, and entrepreneur from Brooklyn, New York City.	El-P	Brooklyn
place of birth	Jon Randall Stewart (born February 17, 1969 in Dallas, Texas) is an American country music singer, songwriter and musician.	Jon Randall	Dallas
place of birth	Adrian Matejka (born in Nuremberg, Germany) is an African-American poet.	Adrian Matejka	Nuremberg
place of birth	Born in New York, New York, Blanche Oelrichs spent summers in Newport, Rhode Island amidst the Astors, the Vanderbilts and numerous other wealthy elites of American society and the Gilded Age.	Blanche Oelrichs	Newport
place of birth	Hemant Goswami was born in Delhi on 30 June 1971 to an Indian Air Force officer and a teacher.	Hemant Goswami	Delhi
place of birth	Jean-Pierre Jaussaud (born June 3, 1937 in Caen, Calvados) is a French former racing driver, noted for winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1978 and 1980.	Jean-Pierre Jaussaud	Caen
place of birth	Joel Sequeira (born 15 March 1988) in Goa is an Indian footballer who plays as a Midfielder for ONGC in the I-League.	Joel Sequeira	Goa
place of birth	Four years after the birth of Peter, a pregnant Margaret returned to England where Michael Hordern, her third son, was born on 3 October 1911 in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire.	Michael Hordern	Berkhamsted
place of birth	David Friesen (born May 6, 1942) is an American jazz bassist born in Tacoma, Washington.	David Friesen	Tacoma
place of birth	James was the son of James Orrock, an Edinburgh dentist and druggist, living at 17 Elm Row at the top of Leith Walk.	James Orrock	Edinburgh
place of birth	E J-yong (his preferred stylized, phonetic spelling; more conventionally romanized as Lee Jae-yong) was born in Daejeon, South Chungcheong Province in 1966.	E J-yong	Daejeon
place of birth	Laurinda de Jesus Cardoso Baleroni, better known by Laura Cardoso in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actress.	Laura Cardoso	São Paulo
place of birth	André dos Santos Oliveira or simply Rancharia (born February 26, 1983 in Rancharia), is a Brazilian soccer player who plays as a central defender for Uberlândia Esporte Clube.	André dos Santos Oliveira	Rancharia
place of birth	Stevie Smith, born Florence Margaret Smith in Kingston upon Hull, was the second daughter of Ethel and Charles Smith.	Stevie Smith	Kingston upon Hull
place of birth	Paolla Oliveira was born in São Paulo, São Paulo state.	Paolla Oliveira	São Paulo
place of birth	Karl Hopfner (born 28 August 1952) is a football executive for Bayern Munich.	Karl Hopfner	Munich
place of birth	Jonathan-Raphaël Bischoffsheim (26 April 1808, Mainz -- 5 February 1883, Brussels) was a Belgian banker, businessman and philanthropist.	Jonathan-Raphaël Bischoffsheim	Mainz
place of birth	Giuseppe La Spada (Palermo, 1974) is an interdisciplinary artist inspired by nature, poetry and sound with a strong passion for systematic thinking.	Giuseppe La Spada	Palermo
place of birth	Lionel Tiger lives in New York City, and regularly contributes to mainstream media such as Psychology Today and The New York Times.	Lionel Tiger	New York City
place of birth	Wilfred Lau Ho-Lung is a Hong Kong singer and actor.	Wilfred Lau	Hong Kong
place of birth	Porter Emerson Browne was an American playwright (June 22, 1879 -- September 20, 1934), born Beverly, Massachusetts.	Porter Emerson Browne	Beverly
place of birth	Hans Helmut Kornhuber (24 February 1928 in Königsberg - 30 October 2009) was a German Neurologist and Neurophysiologist.	Hans Helmut Kornhuber	Königsberg
place of birth	Zeliha Şimşek, (April 30, 1981 in İskenderun, Hatay Province), is a Turkish women's footballer and trainer.	Zeliha Şimşek	Hatay
place of birth	Ivi Adamou was born on 24 November 1993 in Ayia Napa, Famagusta, to a Greek Cypriot father and a Bulgarian mother.	Ivi Adamou	Famagusta
place of birth	Rev. Marie C. Jerge (born 1950s) was elected in 2002 to a six-year tem as bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America's (ELCA) Upstate New York Synod.	Marie C. Jerge	New York
place of birth	Felix Zollicoffer was born on a plantation in Bigbyville in Maury County, Tennessee, a son of John Jacob and Martha (Kirk) Zollicoffer.	Felix Zollicoffer	Maury County
place of birth	Ada Jack Carver Snell (April 7, 1890 -- December 1, 1972) was an American short story writer originally from Natchitoches, Louisiana.	Ada Jack Carver Snell	Natchitoches
place of birth	Alexander Scourby was born in Brooklyn, New York on November 13, 1913, to Constantine Nicholas Scourby, a successful restaurateur, wholesale baker and sometime investor in independent motion-pictures, and Betsy Scourby (née Patsakos), a homemaker, both of whom were immigrants from Greece.	Alexander Scourby	Brooklyn
place of birth	Friedrich Gotthilf Osann (August 22 1794, in Weimar -- 30 November 1858, in Giessen) was a German classical philologist.	Friedrich Gotthilf Osann	Weimar
place of birth	Jenny von Westphalen was born in Salzwedel to a prominent family of the Prussian aristocracy.	Jenny von Westphalen	Salzwedel
place of birth	Shimshon Rozen was born and raised in the Arnona neighborhood of Jerusalem.	Shimshon Rozen	Jerusalem
place of birth	Alex Weisman (born July 16, 1987 in Davie, Florida) is a stage actor, who is best known for his performance as Posner in TimeLine Theatre Company's debut production of the play, The History Boys He is the younger brother of Robin Weisman.	Alex Weisman	Davie
place of birth	Jerome Hellman (born September 4, 1928 New York City) is an American film producer.	Jerome Hellman	New York City
place of birth	Nargis was born as Fatima Rashid in Calcutta, Bengal Presidency, India (now Kolkata, West Bengal) into a Punjabi Muslim family.	Nargis	Kolkata
place of birth	Geoffrey Chater (born 23 March 1921) is an English actor who was born in Barnet, Hertfordshire.	Geoffrey Chater	Hertfordshire
place of birth	Erica Alfridi (born February 22, 1968 in Tregnago, Veneto) is a former Italian race walker.	Erica Alfridi	Tregnago
place of birth	Born in Tongchon County, Kangwon Province on 5 October 1942, Ri Yong-ho joined the Korean People's Army in August 1959.	Ri Yong-ho	Tongchon County
place of birth	Zeng Chunlei (Chinese: 曾春蕾; pinyin: Zéng Chūnlěi; born 3 November 1989 in Beijing), is a Chinese volleyball player, who is a member of the Chinese women's national team that participated at the London Olympic Games.	Zeng Chunlei	Beijing
place of birth	James Barnor was born in Accra, in what was then the Gold Coast, West Africa.	James Barnor	Accra
place of birth	Mourad Daami (Arabic: مراد الدعمي; born August 15, 1962) in Monastir is a retired Tunisian football referee.	Mourad Daami	Monastir
place of birth	Patrick Vallençant (June 9, 1946 in Lyon -- March 28, 1989) was a French alpinist/skier and pioneer in ski mountaineering.	Patrick Vallençant	Lyon
place of birth	Mykola Biliashivsky (24 October, 1867, Uman - 21 April 1926, Kyiv) was a Ukrainian Archeologist, ethnographer, and art historian.	Mykola Biliashivsky	Uman
place of birth	Betty Heidler (born 14 October 1983 in East Berlin) is a German hammer thrower, and the former world record holder.	Betty Heidler	East Berlin
place of birth	Andrea Gallandi (born at Venice, 7 December 1709; died there 12 January 1779, or 1780) was an Italian Oratorian and patristic scholar.	Andrea Gallandi	Venice
place of birth	Amos Whitney (October 8, 1832 -- August 5, 1920) was a mechanical engineer and Connecticut inventor born in Biddeford, Maine.	Amos Whitney	Biddeford, Maine
place of birth	Donald Shebib (born 17 January 1938 in Toronto), often called Don Shebib, is a Canadian film director, writer, producer and editor.	Donald Shebib	Toronto
place of birth	Alan McDermott (born 22 January 1982 in Dublin) is a retired Irish footballer who last played with Kildare County in the League of Ireland First Division.	Alan McDermott	Dublin
place of birth	Katherine, Crown Princess of Yugoslavia, also named Katherine Karađorđević (Serbian: Катарина Карађорђевић; née Batis, Greek: Μπάτης; born in Athens on 13 November 1943), is the wife of Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia.	Katherine, Crown Princess of Yugoslavia	Athens
place of birth	Louis Mandrin was born at Saint-Étienne-de-Saint-Geoirs, Dauphiné, a border province, in 1725.	Louis Mandrin	Saint-Étienne-de-Saint-Geoirs
place of birth	Anna Nehrebecka-Byczewska (born 16 December 1947 in Bytom) is a Polish film actress and politician	Anna Nehrebecka	Bytom
place of birth	Bambi Jones (born 1931), also known as Doris Kotzan was born in Holyoke, Massachusetts.	Bambi Jones	Holyoke
place of birth	Hassan Ghalibaf Asl (Persian: حسن قالیباف اصل‎, was born 1969 in Maragheh, East Azerbaijan) is an Iranian academic, Jurist, scholar and CEO of Tehran Stock Exchange.	Hassan Ghalibaf Asl	Maragheh
place of birth	Rami Jaffee (born 11 March 1969 in Los Angeles), is best known as the keyboardist of the Wallflowers and work for several bands and artists, including Foo Fighters, Pete Yorn, Soul Asylum, Stone Sour, Joseph Arthur and Coheed and Cambria.	Rami Jaffee	Los Angeles
place of birth	François Besch (born 1963 in Esch-sur-Alzette) is a Luxembourgish photographer and artist.	François Besch	Esch-sur-Alzette
place of birth	Adil Mansuri, born Farid Mohammed Gulamnabi Mansuri, was born in Ahmedabad on 18 May 1936.	Adil Mansuri	Ahmedabad
place of birth	Gerhard Kerschbaumer (born in Brixen) is an Italian cross-country mountain biker.	Gerhard Kerschbaumer	Brixen
place of birth	Lee Andrews (born 23 April 1984 in Carlisle, Cumbria) is an English former professional footballer, currently playing for Workington in the Conference North.	Lee Andrews	Carlisle
place of birth	Jimmy Barry (March 7, 1870 -- April 4, 1943) was an Irish-American boxer from Chicago, Illinois.	Jimmy Barry	Chicago
place of birth	Chester Gregory, also known as CHΞSS, is an American actor, singer and songwriter from Gary, Indiana.	Chester Gregory	Gary
place of birth	John Goldwyn was born in Los Angeles, the son of producer Samuel Goldwyn, Jr., and his wife, film and stage actress Jennifer Howard.	John Goldwyn	Los Angeles
place of birth	Arnor Angeli (born 25 February 1991 in Brussels) is a Belgian footballer who plays in midfield.	Arnor Angeli	Brussels
place of birth	Roy Babbington (born 8 July 1940 in Kempston, Bedfordshire, England) is a rock and jazz bassist.	Roy Babbington	Kempston
place of birth	Michele Oka Doner (born 1945, Miami Beach, Florida) is an American artist and author.	Michele Oka Doner	Miami Beach
place of birth	Georgy Tovstonogov was born in Tbilisi, Russian Empire (now Georgia), or in St. Petersburg on September 28, 1915, to a Russian noble and a Georgian classical singer Tamara Papitashvili.	Georgy Tovstonogov	Tbilisi
place of birth	Sheela Lambert (born 1956 in New York City) is an American civil rights activist, and writer.	Sheela Lambert	New York City
place of birth	Keith A. Smith (born 1938 in Tipton, Indiana) is an American artist and author.	Keith A. Smith	Tipton
place of birth	Sandra Annenberg (born 5 June 1968, in São Paulo), is a Brazilian newscaster.	Sandra Annenberg	São Paulo
place of birth	Manuel Felguérez was born on his family's San Agustín del Vergel hacienda near Valparaíso, Zacatecas in 1928.	Manuel Felguérez	Valparaíso
place of birth	Marina Dizon-Santiago (July 18, 1875 -- October 13, 1950) a native of Tondo, Manila, was a heroine of the Philippine Revolution and one of the first women initiated into the Katipunan.	Marina Dizon	Tondo
place of birth	Peggy Beer (born 15 September 1969 in East Berlin) is a retired German heptathlete.	Peggy Beer	Berlin
place of birth	Carmen Covito (born 14 November 1948 in Castellammare di Stabia, Province of Naples) is an Italian writer and translator.	Carmen Covito	Castellammare di Stabia
place of birth	Peter Tilbury (born 20 October 1945, in Redruth, Cornwall, England), is a British actor and writer.	Peter Tilbury	Redruth
place of birth	Marinus Dijkhuizen (born 4 January 1972, in 's-Gravenzande) is a Dutch football manager, coach and former player, currently manager of NAC Breda.	Marinus Dijkhuizen	's-Gravenzande
place of birth	Batista (birth name: Tomás Batista Encarnación) was born and raised in Luquillo, Puerto Rico, a town located in the northeastern coast of Puerto Rico.	Tomás Batista	Luquillo, Puerto Rico
place of birth	Alexander Burgener (1845, Saas Fee -- 8 July 1910, near the Berglihütte) was a Swiss mountain guide and the first ascentionist of many mountains and new routes in the western Alps during the silver age of alpinism.	Alexander Burgener	Saas Fee
place of birth	Sylvia Bourdon (born 1949 in Cologne, Germany) is a French activist who speaks four languages and is an expert in French art and design.	Sylvia Bourdon	Cologne
place of birth	Stanislav Kitto (born 30 November 1972) is a former professional footballer, who last played in Estonian Meistriliiga, for JK Trans Narva.	Stanislav Kitto	Narva
place of birth	Sabina Shikhlinskaya (Azerbaijani: Səbinə Şixlinskaya); born April 26, 1962, Baku is an Azerbaijani artist and independent curator.	Sabina Shikhlinskaya	Baku
place of birth	Griffin Yueh Feng was born Da Zichun in Shanghai, where he studied at the Asia Photography School, and starred in a film as an extra in 1929.	Yueh Feng	Shanghai
place of birth	Alen Muratović (born October 23, 1979 in Nikšić, Montenegro) is a handball player from Montenegro.	Alen Muratović	Nikšić
place of birth	Karl Westa was born in Norway and immigrated to the United States.	Karl Westa	Norway
place of birth	Raúl Enríquez Arámbula (born May 20, 1985 in Armeria, Colima) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays for Dorados de Sinaloa as a striker.	Raúl Enríquez	Colima
place of birth	Born near Washington, Wilkes County, Georgia, Robert Augustus Toombs was the fifth child of Catherine Huling and Robert Toombs.	Robert Toombs	Washington
place of birth	Ralph Taeger was born in Richmond Hill, Queens to German-speaking parents.	Ralph Taeger	Richmond Hill
place of birth	Amy McKenzie (born August 2, 1959 in Appleton, Wisconsin) is an American producer, director, and actress.	Amy McKenzie	Appleton
place of birth	The Persian armies sent to crush the rebellion were repelled, allowing Davit Bek to establish an administrative center at the fortress of Halidzor near Kapan in the Syunik Province.	Davit Bek	Syunik Province
place of birth	Michael Wachtler (born February 2, 1959 in Innichen, South Tyrol) is an author and researcher from South-Tyrol.	Michael Wachtler	Innichen
place of birth	Theodore Parker was born in Lexington, Massachusetts, the youngest child in a large farming family.	Theodore Parker	Lexington
place of birth	Robert Mends was born into a prominent Pembrokeshire family in the late 1760s, probably 1767.	Robert Mends	Pembrokeshire
place of birth	Jarosław Lindner (born Jarosław Ciarczyński on 28 June 1988 in Gdańsk) is a Polish footballer currently playing for SV Wehen Wiesbaden.	Jarosław Lindner	Gdańsk
place of birth	Samuel Jackson Pratt was born ``to a very respectable family'' on 25 December 1749, in St Ives, Huntingdonshire.	Samuel Jackson Pratt	St Ives
place of birth	Lucien Georges Bazor (1889--1974) was Chief Engraver at the Paris mint from 1930 to 1958.	Lucien Georges Bazor	Paris
place of birth	Fritz ter Meer was the son of Edmund ter Meer (1852--1931), who founded the chemical company Teerfarbenfabrik Dr. E. ter Meer & Cie in Uerdingen, which in 1925 became part of IG Farben.	Fritz ter Meer	Uerdingen
place of birth	Paul John Carbo (born Paolo Giovanni Carbo; August 10, 1904 -- November 9, 1976) better known as ``Frankie Carbo'' was a New York City Mafia soldier in the Lucchese crime family, who operated as a boxing promoter and a gunman with Murder, Inc.	Frankie Carbo	New York City
place of birth	Heinz Isler was born in the municipality of Zollikon.	Heinz Isler	Zollikon
place of birth	Martin Lidberg (born 1 February 1973, in Farsta in the south of Stockholm) is a highly decorated Swedish wrestler.	Martin Lidberg	Stockholm
place of birth	Jean Soldini (born 13 March 1956 in Lugano) is a Swiss and French philosopher, art historian and poet.	Jean Soldini	Lugano
place of birth	Vola Vale (February 12, 1897 - October 17, 1970) was a silent motion picture actress from Buffalo, New York.	Vola Vale	Buffalo
place of birth	Kaori Moriwaka (森若香織, Moriwaka Kaori, born December 11, 1963 in Sapporo, Hokkaido) is a singer-songwriter and actress.	Kaori Moriwaka	Sapporo
place of birth	Daniel Janssen (born Brussels 15 April 1936) is a Belgian businessman.	Daniel Janssen	Brussels
place of birth	Martha Burton Woodhead Williamson (1843--1922) was an American malacologist who was born in England in 1843.	Martha Burton Woodhead Williamson	England
place of birth	Elspeth Gibson (born 1963 in Nottingham) is a British fashion designer, known for her feminine style of design.	Elspeth Gibson	Nottingham
place of birth	David Lord was born on 18 October 1913 in Cork, Ireland, the son of Samuel (a Warrant Officer in the Royal Welsh Fusiliers) and Mary Lord.	David Lord	Cork
place of birth	Eric Rohmann (born 1957 in Riverside, Illinois), is an American writer and illustrator of children's books from Chicago.	Eric Rohmann	Riverside, Illinois
place of birth	José Carlos Chaves Innecken (born 3 September 1958 in Atenas) is a retired Costa Rican football player who played for Alajuelense.	José Carlos Chaves	Atenas
place of birth	Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Zaitsev (Russian: Вячеслав Михайлович Зайцев), more commonly known as Slava Zaitsev (Russian: Слава Зайцев), born 2 March 1938 in Ivanovo, Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, is a Russian fashion designer, painter, graphic artist and theatrical costume designer.	Slava Zaitsev	Ivanovo
place of birth	Pietro Nobile was an Austro-Ungarian Neoclassicist architect and builder born in Capriasca, Svizzera, 11 November 1774 --	Pietro Nobile	Capriasca
place of birth	Peter Lönn (born 13 July 1961 in Norrköping) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a Defender.	Peter Lönn	Norrköping
place of birth	Alice Joyce was born in Kansas City, Missouri, to John Edward and Vallie Olive McIntyre Joyce (1873--1938).	Alice Joyce	Kansas City
place of birth	Geronimo was born to the Bedonkohe band of the Apache, near Turkey Creek, a tributary of the Gila River in the modern-day state of New Mexico, then part of Mexico, though the Apache disputed Mexico's claim.	Geronimo	Gila River
place of birth	Novica Joković, known as Nocko Joković (born July 3, 1973 in Silkeborg) is a retired Danish professional football player of Serbian descent.	Nocko Joković	Silkeborg
place of birth	George Ganea (born 26 May 1999 in Bucharest) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Rapid București as a Striker.	George Ganea	Bucharest
place of birth	Harianto (born in Malang, East Java 26 October 1977) is an Indonesian footballer, he normally plays as a wing back and is 167 cm. Now in Persik he became the captain and team mascot.	Harianto	Malang
place of birth	Susanna Roxman (born Pia Susanna Ellinor Roxman) is an Anglophone writer, poet and critic born in Stockholm; her father's family is Scottish.	Susanna Roxman	Stockholm
place of birth	Edward Percy Moran (``Percy'') (1862 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- 1935 in New York City) was an American artist known for his scenes of American history.	Edward Percy Moran	Philadelphia
place of birth	Elpidio Quirino was a native of Caoayan, Ilocos Sur although born in Vigan, Ilocos Sur to Don Mariano Quirino of Caoayan, Ilocos Sur and Doña Gregoria Mendoza Rivera of Agoo, La Union.	Elpidio Quirino	Vigan
place of birth	Kelly Metzger is a Canadian voice and theater actress, born in Edmonton and based in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Kelly Metzger	Edmonton
place of birth	Andrea Palini (born 16 June 1989 in Gardone Val Trompia) is an Italian cyclist.	Andrea Palini	Gardone Val Trompia
place of birth	Born as Lillian Gertrude Michael in Talladega, Alabama, she reportedly graduated from high school at the age of 14.	Gertrude Michael	Talladega
place of birth	Fam Irvoll (born 16 October 1980 in Oslo) is a Norwegian fashion designer who is known for her colorful and playful creations for women.	Fam Irvoll	Oslo
place of birth	Idy Chan Yuk Lin (born 25 March 1960) is a popular Hong Kong TV actress, especially during the 1980s.	Idy Chan	Hong Kong
place of birth	Charles Sydney Smith (26 January 1876 -- 6 April 1951) was born in Wigan, the ninth of eleven children born to Thomas Smith and Elizabeth née Sayer.	Charles Sydney Smith	Wigan
place of birth	Dieter Lüst (born 21 September 1956 in Chicago) is a German physicist, full professor for mathematical physics at the Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich since 2004 and a director of the Max Planck Institute for Physics in Munich.	Dieter Lüst	Chicago
place of birth	Ernst Kaltenbach (born 7 February 1889 in Basel; † 10 October 1995) was a Swiss footballer who played as a Midfielder.	Ernst Kaltenbach	Basel
place of birth	Hüseyin Aygün (born 20 October 1970, Tunceli) is a Turkish lawyer and politician of Zaza Alevi origin.	Hüseyin Aygün	Tunceli
place of birth	Caroline Brasch Nielsen was scouted in a pizza bar in Copenhagen, while she was eating with her friends.	Caroline Brasch Nielsen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Ed Pawlowski was born to small business owners in Chicago.	Ed Pawlowski	Chicago
place of birth	Leonardo Rimes da Cunha (born 12 July 1979 in Rio de Janeiro), known simply as Leonardo, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a right back.	Leonardo Rimes da Cunha	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Richard Gurley Drew (June 22, 1899 -- December 14, 1980) was an American inventor who worked for Johnson and Johnson, Permacel Co., and 3M in St. Paul, Minnesota, where he invented masking tape and cellophane tape.	Richard Gurley Drew	Minnesota
place of birth	Emiliano Tarana (born 3 January 1979 in Casalmaggiore, Province of Cremona) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian third-division-side Feralpisalo.	Emiliano Tarana	Casalmaggiore
place of birth	Felix da Housecat (born Felix Stallings Jr., August 25, 1971, Chicago, Illinois) is an American DJ and record producer, mostly known for house music and electroclash.	Felix da Housecat	Chicago
place of birth	Joe Gold was the son of Abram Mordechai Goldglejt and Zelda Fieierman, residing in Boyle Heights, Los Angeles.	Joe Gold	Boyle Heights
place of birth	Bat Masterson was born on November 26, 1853, at Henryville, Canada East, in the Eastern Townships of what is Quebec today, and baptized as Bartholomew Masterson.	Bat Masterson	Quebec
place of birth	Anya Verkhovskaya (aka Anya Verkhovskaya-Cohen) is a Moscow-born (circa 1969) consultant, chief operating officer, film producer, and activist.	Anya Verkhovskaya	Moscow
place of birth	Tom Scholz was born in Toledo, Ohio and raised in the suburb of Ottawa Hills.	Tom Scholz	Toledo
place of birth	Thomas Linden Neff, known as Tom Neff, is a film executive, director and producer, born in Chicago, Illinois.	Tom Neff	Chicago
place of birth	Aurieyall Scott (born May 18, 1992 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American sprinter who specializes in the 60 and 100 meter dash (indoor) and 100, 200, and 400 meter dash (outdoor).	Aurieyall Scott	Atlanta
place of birth	Mao Yushi (Chinese: 茅于轼; born 14 January 1929 in Nanjing, Jiangsu) is a Chinese economist.	Mao Yushi	Nanjing
place of birth	Henri-François Gautrin (born July 30, 1943 in Béthune, France) is a Quebec politician, professor and physicist.	Henri-François Gautrin	Béthune
place of birth	Lamine Diawara (born 1971 in Bamako) is a Malian basketball player with Al Ittihad Aleppo in Syria.	Lamine Diawara	Bamako
place of birth	Giovanni Vincenzo Zerbi was a 17th-century Italian painter of the Baroque period, who was mainly active in Genoa as a portrait artist.	Giovanni Vincenzo Zerbi	Genoa
place of birth	Nicholas Bell (born 15 August 1958 in Huddersfield, West Riding of Yorkshire) is an English actor who has worked in Australia for more than 20 years.	Nicholas Bell	Huddersfield
place of birth	Richard Lerman (Dec 5, 1944 in San Francisco, CA) is a composer and sound artist whose, ``work...centers around his custom-made contact microphones of unusually small size,'' including, ``piezo disks and other transducers''.	Richard Lerman	San Francisco
place of birth	Austin Watson was born January 13, 1992, in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where he grew up with his father and mother, Mike and Mary Watson.	Austin Watson	Ann Arbor
place of birth	Karl Ritter von Stremayr (30 October 1832, Graz - 22 June 1904, Pottschach) was an Austrian statesman.	Karl Ritter von Stremayr	Graz
place of birth	Bruno Ganz was born in Zürich, to a Swiss mechanic father and a northern Italian mother.	Bruno Ganz	Zürich
place of birth	Matthijs Harings (1593 in Leeuwarden -- 1667 in Leeuwarden), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	Matthijs Harings	Leeuwarden
place of birth	Gregor Thum (born 2 May 1967 in Munich, Bavaria) is a German historian of Central and Eastern Europe.	Gregor Thum	Munich
place of birth	Kalli Purie has mentioned in her book, Confessions of a Serial Dieter, that she studied at Modern School, New Delhi, and graduated from Oxford University in Politics, Philosophy & Economics.	Kalli Purie	Delhi
place of birth	George Maharis (born September 1, 1928 in Astoria, Queens, New York City, New York) is an American actor who portrayed Buz Murdock in the first three seasons of the TV series Route 66.	George Maharis	Astoria
place of birth	Sruthi Jose with the stage name Sruthi Lakshmi is born on 8 September 1990 to Jose and cine actress Lissy Jose at Kannur.	Sruthi Lakshmi	Kannur
place of birth	Manuel Delgado Villegas was born in Seville, Spain on January 25, 1943, the son of José Delgado Martín.	Manuel Delgado Villegas	Seville
place of birth	César Alexandre Debelle (Voreppe, Isère, 27 November 1770 - 19 July 1826) was a French general.	César Alexandre Debelle	Voreppe
place of birth	Michaël Bultheel (born 30 June 1986 in Ypres) is a Belgian athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles.	Michaël Bultheel	Ypres
place of birth	Breyten Breytenbach was born in Bonnievale, Western Cape, approximately 180 km from Cape Town and 100 km from the southernmost tip of Africa at Cape Agulhas.	Breyten Breytenbach	Bonnievale
place of birth	Born in Billericay, Essex on 27 August 1910 to Percy and Florence Burdick Izzard, Ralph Izzard was the youngest of the couple's two children.	Ralph Izzard	Billericay
place of birth	Mick Smyth (born 13 May 1940 in Dublin) was an Irish soccer player who played for Drumcondra, Shamrock Rovers, Bohemians and Athlone Town in the League of Ireland throughout the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s and had a short spell in England with Barrow in the early 1960s.	Mick Smyth	Dublin
place of birth	Steve Bracks was born in Ballarat, where his family owns a fashion business.	Steve Bracks	Ballarat
place of birth	Mohammad Mehdi Zahedi (born in 1953 Kerman) is an Iranian politician and was the former minister of science and technology in Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's first cabinet from 2005 to 2009.	Mohammad Mehdi Zahedi	Kerman
place of birth	Mal Walden (born 20 May 1945) is a former Australian journalist and television news presenter based in Melbourne.	Mal Walden	Melbourne
place of birth	Alison Sydor (born September 9, 1966 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a retired Canadian professional cross country mountain cyclist.	Alison Sydor	Edmonton
place of birth	Oddvar Barlie (born 24 June 1929 in Oslo) is a Norwegian sport wrestler.	Oddvar Barlie	Oslo
place of birth	Dirk von Zitzewitz (born October 14, 1968 in Eutin) is a German professional racing driver and motorcyclist, most notable for being on the winning team of the 2009 Dakar Rally alongside Giniel de Villiers.	Dirk von Zitzewitz	Eutin
place of birth	Zuhal Topal (born 23 September 1976 in Istanbul) is a Turkish actress and TV presenter.	Zuhal Topal	Istanbul
place of birth	Vezio Sacratini (born September 12, 1966 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired Italian-Canadian ice hockey player.	Vezio Sacratini	Montreal
place of birth	Elmyr de Hory (born Elemér Albert Hoffmann; Budapest, April 14, 1906 - Ibiza, December 11, 1976) was a Hungarian-born painter and art forger who is said to have sold over a thousand forgeries to reputable art galleries all over the world.	Elmyr de Hory	Budapest
place of birth	Susanne Juranek (born 25 February 1975 in Brake, Lower Saxony) is a German cyclist born in Brake a. d. Unterweser but spend her childhood and teenager age in Goslar where she began mountainbiking.	Susanne Juranek	Brake
place of birth	Julius Jucikas (born 20 October 1989 in Šilutė, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for BC Dzūkija of the Lithuanian Basketball League (LKL).	Julius Jucikas	Šilutė
place of birth	Candice Pinto was born in Mumbai, India into a Catholic family.	Candice Pinto	Mumbai
place of birth	Margaret Whitton (born November 30, 1950) is an American stage, film and television actress, originally from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Margaret Whitton	Philadelphia
place of birth	Robert Brett Lunger (born November 14, 1945 in Wilmington, Delaware) is a former racecar driver from the United States.	Brett Lunger	Wilmington
place of birth	Having been born in Dillingen and raised in Augsburg, where his father Konrad Roth (died 1637) worked as Doctor utriusque iuris for the Prince-Bishopric, from 1635 to 1639 Heinrich Roth studied Rhetoric at the University of Dillingen and Philosophy at the Jesuit college in Innsbruck.	Heinrich Roth	Augsburg
place of birth	Flip Mark (born Philip Mark Goldberg in New York City on December 22, 1948) is an American former child actor, active primarily from 1959-1969.	Flip Mark	New York City
place of birth	Thomas Chilcot of Bath, Somerset was born in the West of England (probably Bath) in or about 1707.	Thomas Chilcot	Bath
place of birth	Richard Rossi (born March 2, 1963, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American filmmaker, actor, producer, novelist, musician, writer, talk radio host, and a former evangelical minister, church planter, and healing evangelist.	Richard Rossi	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Born in Avilés in Asturias, son of a painter with the same name, Juan Carreño de Miranda.	Juan Carreño de Miranda	Avilés
place of birth	Danny Rombley (born November 26, 1979 in Amersfoort) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for Kinheim and the Dutch national team.	Danny Rombley	Amersfoort
place of birth	Chetan Bhagat was born in Delhi in a Punjabi family, his father was an army officer and his mother was a government employee in the agricultural department.	Chetan Bhagat	Delhi
place of birth	Eric Sardinas (born November 10, 1970) is an American blues-rock slide guitarist born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.	Eric Sardinas	Fort Lauderdale
place of birth	Christian Chevallier (Angers, 12 July 1930 - 14 September 2008) was a French songwriter, arranger, and jazz orchestra leader.	Christian Chevallier	Angers
place of birth	Karl Emil Lindgren (born 4 May 1985 in Falun) is a Swedish professional mountain biker.	Emil Lindgren	Falun
place of birth	Domenico Antonio Mele (Acquaviva delle Fonti, 16 July 1647 --1720;...) was an Italian physician, poet and librettist.	Domenico Antonio Mele	Acquaviva delle Fonti
place of birth	Simon Climie (born 7 April 1957 in London) is a songwriter/producer and the former lead singer of the UK pop duo Climie Fisher	Simon Climie	London
place of birth	Thijs Libregts (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɛi̯s lɪbˈrɛxts), born 4 January 1941 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch football coach and former player, who played professionally in the 1950s.	Thijs Libregts	Rotterdam
place of birth	Chaim Yehuda Leib Auerbach (1883 -- 26 September 1954) was a Haredi rabbi and roshei yeshiva of Shaar Hashamayim Yeshiva, a landmark Jerusalem institution specializing in Talmudic and kabbalah studies for Ashkenazi scholars that he helped found in 1906.	Chaim Yehuda Leib Auerbach	Jerusalem
place of birth	František Kriegel was born in Stanislau (today Ivano-Frankivsk), Austria-Hungary (present Ukraine) to the family of a Jewish builder.	František Kriegel	Ivano-Frankivsk
place of birth	Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi donated the golden star from her film academy award to the Aungzabu Tawya Monastery in Hmawbi, Yangon on February 1, 2015.	Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi	Yangon
place of birth	Brian Perez (born 16 September 1986) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln Red Imps and the Gibraltar national team, where he plays as a Midfielder.	Brian Perez	Gibraltar
place of birth	Born in Derma, Mississippi, Glenn Hardin was the world's dominant 400 m hurdler in the 1930s and was equally tough in the 400 m flat race.	Glenn Hardin	Derma, Mississippi
place of birth	Hamish Milne (born 27 April 1939, Salisbury) is a British pianist known for his advocacy of Nikolai Medtner.	Hamish Milne	Salisbury
place of birth	Nasim Hasan Shah was born in Lahore to Syed Mohsin Shah, an eminent advocate and political activist.	Nasim Hasan Shah	Lahore
place of birth	Chaley Rose Jackson was born and raised in the city of Columbus, Indiana.	Chaley Rose	Columbus
place of birth	Dr. Robert Lado (May 31, 1915, Tampa, Florida - December 11, 1995, Washington) was an American expert on modern linguistics.	Robert Lado	Tampa
place of birth	Born in Alba Pompeia in Italy, the son of freedman Helvius Successus, originally Pertinax made his way as a grammaticus (teacher of grammar), but he eventually decided to find a more rewarding line of work and through the help of patronage he was commissioned an officer in a cohort.	Pertinax	Alba
place of birth	Paul Hanmer (born 1961, Cape Town) is a South African composer, pianist and one of its foremost jazz musicians.	Paul Hanmer	Cape Town
place of birth	Edgars Lipsbergs (born June 9, 1989 in Riga, Soviet Union) is a Latvian ice hockey forward, currently playing for HK Riga of Minor Hockey League.	Edgars Lipsbergs	Riga
place of birth	Ionuț Matei (born 2 July 1984 in Bacău) is a Romanian football player, who is a free agent.	Ionuț Matei	Bacău
place of birth	Andrey Shtygel (Belarusian: Андрэй Штыгель; Russian: Андрей Штыгель; born 22 June 1994) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Lida on loan from Neman Grodno.	Andrey Shtygel	Grodno
place of birth	Dontae Richards-Kwok (born March 1, 1989 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian sprinter of Chinese-Jamaican descent.	Dontae Richards-Kwok	Toronto
place of birth	Chad Henry was born on October 9, 1946 in Seattle, Washington to Robert, a drama teacher, and June (nee Condit), a human services coordinator.	Chad Henry	Seattle
place of birth	Silviu Ilie (born 27 June 1988 in Galați) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a left-winger.	Silviu Ilie	Galați
place of birth	Jaswant Singh Bishnoi was a member of 13th Lok Sabha and14th Lok Sabha from Jodhpur constituency.	Jaswant Singh Bishnoi	Jodhpur
place of birth	Lambert Orkis (born 1946, Philadelphia) is an American United States-based internationally accomplished classical pianist.	Lambert Orkis	Philadelphia
place of birth	Angie Everhart was born on September 7, 1969 in Akron, Ohio, the daughter of homemaker Ginnie and engineer Bob Everhart.	Angie Everhart	Akron
place of birth	Vincent Dethier was born on 20 February 1915 in Boston, Massachusetts, one of the four children of Jean Vincent and Marguerite (Lally) Dethier.	Vincent Dethier	Boston
place of birth	Nahum Tate was born in Dublin and came from a family of Puritan clergymen.	Nahum Tate	Dublin
place of birth	Son of Nirmalananda Sengupta and Ranibala Devi, Barun Sengupta was born in Barisal (now in Bangladesh).	Barun Sengupta	Barisal
place of birth	Lagle Parek (born 17 April 1941 in Pärnu) is an Estonian stateswoman.	Lagle Parek	Pärnu
place of birth	Melba Moore was born in 1945 in New York City, New York, to Gertrude Melba Smith (known professionally as Bonnie Davis) and Teddy Hill, and raised in Harlem, New York, until she was 9 and her divorced mother remarried jazz pianist Clement Leroy Moorman.	Melba Moore	New York City
place of birth	Euphraeus (Ancient Greek: Εὐφραῖος; fl. c. 4th century BCE; d. ca. 342 BCE/341 BCE) was a philosopher and student of Plato from the town of Oreus in northern Euboea.	Euphraeus	Oreus
place of birth	Jacob Bremer was born on 19 June 1711 in Västerås, Sweden, to Isak Bremer and Anna Hult.	Jacob Bremer	Västerås
place of birth	Sergei Kramarenko was born on 23 April 1923 in the village of Kalinovka in Sumskaya province, Ukraine, the eldest of three sons of Makar Kramarenko and Nadezhda Galkovskaya.	Sergei Kramarenko	Kalinovka
place of birth	Albert Rust was born in 1818 in Fauquier County, Virginia; his exact birth date is not known.	Albert Rust	Fauquier County
place of birth	Alan R. Moon (born 18 November 1951) is an author of board games, born in Southampton, England, and currently living in the United States.	Alan R. Moon	Southampton
place of birth	Philip Brophy, born in Reservoir, Melbourne 1959 is an Australian musician, composer, sound designer, filmmaker, writer, graphic designer, educator and academic.	Philip Brophy	Melbourne
place of birth	Katharine Kerr was born in Cleveland, Ohio; her maiden name is Katharine Nancy Brahtin.	Katharine Kerr	Cleveland
place of birth	Nicola Roberts was born on 5 October 1985 in Stamford, Lincolnshire when her mother was 17.	Nicola Roberts	Stamford
place of birth	Russel Farnham was born in Massachusetts in 1784 and left home to join one of two expeditions organized by John Jacob Astor to establish the Pacific Fur Company at the mouth of the Columbia River.	Russel Farnham	Massachusetts
place of birth	Martin Schirenc (born December 18, 1968 in Vienna) is an Austrian guitarist and vocalist, best known as a founder of death metal/grindcore band Pungent Stench and symphonic death metal band Hollenthon.	Martin Schirenc	Vienna
place of birth	Edmund Elias Merhige, known as E. Elias Merhige (born June 14, 1964), is an American film director born in Brooklyn.	E. Elias Merhige	Brooklyn
place of birth	Born in Belém, Mimi Sodré started his career in 1908, defending Botafogo, leaving the club in 1916.	Mimi Sodré	Belém
place of birth	Aleksandra Ivošev (Serbian Cyrillic: Александра Ивошев, born March 17, 1974 in Novi Sad) is a Serbian sport shooter.	Aleksandra Ivošev	Novi Sad
place of birth	Ryan Townsend (born 2 September 1985, Manchester, England) is an Australian footballer.	Ryan Townsend	Manchester
place of birth	Matt Groenwald (born April 30, 1983 in Park Ridge, Illinois) is an American soccer player who last played defender for the Kansas City Wizards of Major League Soccer.	Matt Groenwald	Park Ridge
place of birth	Lincoln Wolfenstein (February 10, 1923, Cleveland, Ohio - March 27, 2015, Oakland, California) was an American particle physicist who studied the weak interaction.	Lincoln Wolfenstein	Cleveland
place of birth	Romano Tozzi Borsoi (born 16 February 1979 in Rome) is an Italian footballer, who currently plays for Sambenedettese.	Romano Tozzi Borsoi	Rome
place of birth	Frederik Krabbe (born 10 March 1988 in Aabyhøj) is a Danish professional football player, who made his debut at the age of 17 for the Danish Superliga club Aarhus Gymnastik Forening.	Frederik Krabbe	Aabyhøj
place of birth	Jean-Luc Crétier (born April 28, 1966 in Albertville, Savoie) is a retired alpine ski racer.	Jean-Luc Crétier	Albertville
place of birth	Mario Vargas Llosa was born to a middle-class family on March 28, 1936, in the Peruvian provincial city of Arequipa.	Mario Vargas Llosa	Arequipa
place of birth	Héracles Paiva Aguiar, better known as Héracles (born September 18, 1992 in Caucaia) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ceará as a left back.	Héracles	Caucaia
place of birth	A native of Sennwald, Anna Göldi arrived in Glarus in 1765.	Anna Göldi	Sennwald
place of birth	Ndabenkulu Ncube (born August 2, 1988 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean association footballer.	Ndabenkulu Ncube	Harare
place of birth	Herbert Croly was born in New York City in 1869 to journalists Jane Cunningham Croly--better known by her pseudonym ``Jenny June''--and David Goodman Croly.	Herbert Croly	New York City
place of birth	Giulio Bernardi (born July 6, 1960 in San Jose, California) was an American soccer defender who spent two seasons in the American Soccer League, one in the United Soccer League and several in Major Indoor Soccer League.	Giulio Bernardi	San Jose
place of birth	Ruben Cantu grew up with his mother and father, until the age of 14, when the couple split up, with Ruben's mother moving 20 miles (30 km) away, and Ruben and his father continuing to live in a trailer in a crime-ridden south San Antonio barrio.	Ruben Cantu	San Antonio
place of birth	Frances Courtenay Baylor Barnum (January 20, 1848, Fort Smith, Arkansas -- October 19, 1920, Winchester, Virginia) was an American author of fiction.	Frances Courtenay Baylor	Fort Smith
place of birth	Kenneth Bi (born March 4, 1967) is a Hong Kong-born Canadian filmmaker.	Kenneth Bi	Hong Kong
place of birth	Giuseppe Zeno was born in Naples, Campania, but he lived in Ercolano and in Vibo Marina.	Giuseppe Zeno	Naples
place of birth	Tim Christensen (born 2 July 1974 in Copenhagen) is a Danish singer/songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Tim Christensen	Copenhagen
place of birth	William Sublette was born near Stamford, Lincoln County, Kentucky.	William Sublette	Kentucky
place of birth	Bennie Maupin (born August 29, 1940) is a Detroit Michigan jazz multireedist.	Bennie Maupin	Detroit
place of birth	Jean-Christophe Potton (Lyon, 13 December 1960) is a French diplomat.	Jean-Christophe Potton	Lyon
place of birth	Nijolė Sabaitė (born August 12, 1950 in Raseiniai, Lithuanian SSR) is a retired Lithuanian middle distance runner who represented internationally the USSR.	Nijolė Sabaitė	Raseiniai
place of birth	Benjamin Longue (born 3 December 1980) in Nouméa, New Caledonia is a footballer who plays as a Defender.	Benjamin Longue	Nouméa
place of birth	Bruno Reichlin (born February 10, 1941 in Lucerne), Swiss architect.	Bruno Reichlin	Lucerne
place of birth	Gottlieb Ott (1832, Worb -- 4 December 1882) was a Swiss building contractor.	Gottlieb Ott	Worb
place of birth	Natalia Verbeke Leiva, (born February 23, 1975 in the neighborhood of Caballito, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a Spanish actress, of Argentine and Flemish origin.	Natalia Verbeke	Caballito, Buenos Aires
place of birth	Joe Souza (born Joe Bartosiewicz, October 5, 1970 in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania), is an actor and singer.	Joe Souza	Bloomsburg
place of birth	A product of Hajduk Split academy, Krasimir Balakov handed Antonio Milić his first team minutes in the Croatian Cup match against Jadran Gunja but his first league appearance came off the bench on 26 November 2011, in a 2-1 won over Šibenik, aged just 17 years, 8 months and 16 days.	Antonio Milić	Split
place of birth	Joseph Jean Stéphen Henri Azéma (born Saint-Denis, October 18, 1861) was a Réunionnais doctor.	Henri Azéma	Saint-Denis
place of birth	Jochen Horst (born September 7, 1961 in Osnabrück) is a German film, TV and theater actor.	Jochen Horst	Osnabrück
place of birth	Philip Candelas, FRS (born 24 October 1951, London, UK) is a British physicist and mathematician and a fellow of Royal Society.	Philip Candelas	London
place of birth	Kai Althoff (born 1966 in Cologne) is a German visual artist and musician.	Kai Althoff	Cologne
place of birth	Brett Simon (born November 28, 1973 in Palo Alto, California) is an American commercial, music video and film director.	Brett Simon	Palo Alto
place of birth	Kerry Stokes was born John Patrick Alford on 13 September 1940 in Melbourne, and was adopted out to Matthew and Irene Stokes.	Kerry Stokes	Melbourne
place of birth	Jean Cotelle, 'the younger' (1642--1708) was a painter and engraver, born in Paris.	Jean Cotelle	Paris
place of birth	Jacques Rousselot (born 6 December 1949 in Pont-Saint-Vincent) is a French businessman and the president of French football club AS Nancy having served in this role since 1994.	Jacques Rousselot	Pont-Saint-Vincent
place of birth	Hamid Ashraf was born in Tehran to an educated middle-class family.	Hamid Ashraf	Tehran
place of birth	Samuel Schmid (born 8 January 1947 in Rüti bei Büren, Canton of Bern) is a Swiss politician who was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 2000 to 2008.	Samuel Schmid	Rüti bei Büren
place of birth	As a child of an American officer stationed in Germany, Bill Biggart was born in Berlin in 1947.	Bill Biggart	Berlin
place of birth	Yuval Naim grew up and played as a Centre-back in the youth academy of Hapoel Ramat Gan and in the mid-80's he was selected to the senior squad, where he received the number 5, and in 1989, he was a partner in their promotion to Liga Leumit, first division at the time.	Yuval Naim	Ramat Gan
place of birth	Ali Sait Akbaytogan, also known as Ali Said Pasha (1872; Manyas -- 20 March 1950; Ankara) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army.	Ali Sait Akbaytogan	Manyas
place of birth	Robert Miano was born in New York City and raised in the Southeast Bronx area.	Robert Miano	New York City
place of birth	Pierre Hantaï (born 28 February 1964, Paris) is a French conductor and harpsichordist.	Pierre Hantaï	Paris
place of birth	Soji Kashiwagi (born in 1962 in Oakland, California) is a Sansei (third-generation Japanese American) journalist, playwright and producer.	Soji Kashiwagi	Oakland
place of birth	Frederick Curtice Davis, born 21 October 1915 in Rock County, Wisconsin, enlisted in the Naval Reserve 7 July 1939 and was commissioned ensign 4 September 1940.	Frederick Curtice Davis	Rock County
place of birth	Gary Go also did special performances at Apple Inc. shops in London and New York, where he performed tracks with the iPhone and described how he used it as a composition tool.	Gary Go	London
place of birth	Helmut Türk (born 24 April 1941 in Linz) is an Austrian jurist and a judge at the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.	Helmut Türk	Linz
place of birth	Jajang C. Noer (also known as Jajang Pamuntjak, born as Lidia Djunita Pamontjak on June 28, 1952 in Paris, France) is an Indonesian actress and film producer.	Jajang C. Noer	Paris
place of birth	Griffin Guess (born September 8, 1979, in San Diego, California) is an American music producer and talent manager.	Griffin Guess	San Diego
place of birth	Walter Delle Karth Jr. (Alternate listings: Walter delleKarth, Walter Delle-Karth; born August 11, 1946 in Innsbruck, Tyrol) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed from the early 1970s to the mid-1980s.	Walter Delle Karth	Innsbruck
place of birth	Boris Lyatoshinsky was born 3rd, 1895 in Zhytomyr, in the Russian Empire (now Ukraine).	Boris Lyatoshinsky	Zhytomyr
place of birth	Tomáš Galásek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtomaːʃ ˈɡalaːsɛk); born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek-Místek) is a Czech former football player and current manager who is the head coach of SpVgg SV Weiden.	Tomáš Galásek	Frýdek-Místek
place of birth	Frederick Gale Ruffner, Jr. was an American publisher born in Akron, Ohio on August 26, 1926.	Frederick Gale Ruffner, Jr.	Akron
place of birth	Jonathan Garcia was born December 14, 1986, and grew up in Katy, Texas, in the Houston metropolitan area.	Jonathan Garcia	Houston
place of birth	Chen Liansheng (Chinese: 陈连晟; Pinyin: Chén Liánshèng, born 21 February 1991 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League.	Chen Liansheng	Dalian
place of birth	Giuseppe Mascitelli was born in Porto San Giorgio, a small town in Marche overlooking the Adriatic sea.	Giuseppe Mascitelli	Porto San Giorgio
place of birth	Born in Hathwala, a small village in Karnal District, Haryana, to Bhim Sain and Padma Tyagi, Manju Jaidka spent much of her childhood in Ambala where she studied in Convent of Jesus and Mary.	Manju Jaidka	Haryana
place of birth	Edward Berger (born 1970 in Wolfsburg) is a German director and screenwriter.	Edward Berger	Wolfsburg
place of birth	Mark Dudley (born 29 January 1990 in Doncaster, England) is a professional footballer, currently playing for Conference North side Rainworth Miners Welfare.	Mark Dudley	Doncaster
place of birth	Callimachus (/kæˈlɪməkəs/; Greek: Καλλίμαχος, Kallimachos; 310/305--240 BC) was a native of the Greek colony of Cyrene, Libya.	Callimachus	Cyrene
place of birth	Antónia Moreira de Fátima nicknamed Faia (born 26 April 1982 in Luanda) is an Angolan judoka.	Antónia Moreira	Luanda
place of birth	Alicyn Packard (born September 27, 1979; Boston, Massachusetts) is an American voice actress, writer and singer nominated for a 2014 Voice Arts Award.	Alicyn Packard	Boston
place of birth	Kim Zolciak was born in Pensacola, Florida, to a military family, and grew up in Windsor Locks, Connecticut.	Kim Zolciak	Pensacola
place of birth	Harriet Sansom Harris was born in Fort Worth, Texas, one of two sisters.	Harriet Sansom Harris	Fort Worth
place of birth	Lauren Booth (born Sarah Jane Booth; 22 July 1967, Islington, London) is an English broadcaster, journalist and activist.	Lauren Booth	Islington
place of birth	Squire Albert Warburton (26 January 1856 -- 24 November 1925) was an English footballer in the Victorian era, born in Oldham, Lancashire.	Albert Warburton	Oldham
place of birth	Joanna Murray-Smith (born 17 April 1962) is a Melbourne based Australian playwright, screenwriter, novelist, librettist and newspaper columnist.	Joanna Murray-Smith	Melbourne
place of birth	Joseph Hirsch Weiss (Hungarian: Weiss (Weisz) József; 1800, Podola (Slovak: Podolie), Nyitra vármegye, Hungary -- 1881, Erlau (German: Erlau)) was a Hungarian rabbi.	Joseph Hirsch Weiss	Podolie
place of birth	Linouse Desravine (born 10 February 1991 in Cap-Haïtien) is a Haitian judoka who competes in the women's 52 kg category.	Linouse Desravine	Cap-Haïtien
place of birth	Suranga Chandratillake (born 1977 in Kandy, Sri Lanka) is the founder and president of blinkx.com, an Internet video search engine.	Suranga Chandratillake	Kandy
place of birth	Edna O'Brien was born in 1930 at Tuamgraney, County Clare, Ireland, a place she would later describe as ``fervid'' and ``enclosed.''	Edna O'Brien	County Clare
place of birth	Billel Omrani (born 2 June 1993 in Forbach) is a French football player who currently plays as a striker for Arles-Avignon, on loan from Marseille .	Billel Omrani	Forbach
place of birth	Ehsan Lashgari (Persian: احسان لشگرى‎‎, born August 30, 1985 in Qazvin) is an Iranian wrestler.	Ehsan Lashgari	Qazvin
place of birth	Wolfram Grandezka (born on 17 December 1969 in Saalfeld, Thuringia) is a German actor.	Wolfram Grandezka	Saalfeld
place of birth	Jim Rilatt (born 1963 in Portland) is an American soccer coach who is currently the head coach of the Portland Timbers U23's in the USL Premier Development League (PDL).	Jim Rilatt	Portland
place of birth	Yahia Turki, (يحيى التركي‎), born Yahia Ben Mahmoud El Hajjem in 1903 in Istanbul, Turkey, died 1 March 1969, was a Tunisian painter described as the ``father of Tunisian painting''.	Yahia Turki	Istanbul
place of birth	Andrei Chikatilo was born in the village of Yabluchne in the Sumy Oblast of the Ukrainian SSR.	Andrei Chikatilo	Yabluchne
place of birth	Robin Bell (born 16 November 1977 in Cape Town) is a South African-born, Australian slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1990s to the late 2000s.	Robin Bell	Cape Town
place of birth	Julian Nava was born in Los Angeles, California, to Mexican immigrants in 1927, and was one of 8 siblings.	Julian Nava	Los Angeles
place of birth	William J. Le Moyne (sometimes spelled Lemoyne or LeMoyne) was born on April 29, 1831 in Boston, Massachusetts where he began performing in amateur theater productions at around the age of fifteen.	William J. Le Moyne	Boston
place of birth	Laurence Haddon (1922 - May 10, 2013) was an American actor, born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Laurence Haddon	Philadelphia
place of birth	Niko Hurme (born 10 November 1974, Karkkila), whose stage name is Nick Gore is a Finnish bass guitarist in the glam metal band Stala & so.	Nick Gore	Karkkila
place of birth	Masafumi Hirai (平井 正史, born April 21, 1975 in Uwajima, Ehime Prefecture) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher.	Masafumi Hirai	Uwajima
place of birth	Desiree Coleman Jackson aka Dez (born September 12, 1966), Jamaica, Queens, New York, is an American vocalist and actress.	Desiree Coleman	Queens
place of birth	Ian Paice appeared at the Pearl Day (Pearl drums event) which was held on 1 June 2008 at the East Midlands Conference Centre in Nottingham, UK.	Ian Paice	Nottingham
place of birth	Joanne Andraca (born July 10, 1988 in Hyères) is a French swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Joanne Andraca	Hyères
place of birth	Jeff Butler (born February 26, 1958, in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American illustrator and comic book artist.	Jeff Butler	Madison
place of birth	Alfred Bickel, also referred to as Fredy Bickel (12 May 1918 in Eppstein, Germany -- 18 August 1999) was a Swiss football player and coach.	Alfred Bickel	Eppstein
place of birth	Juan Carlos Eguren Neuenschwander (born 1 April 1965, in Arequipa) is a Peruvian politician (PPC).	Juan Carlos Eguren	Arequipa
place of birth	Nemanja Obrić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Обрић ;born April 15, 1984 in Sombor) is a Serbian football Midfielder.	Nemanja Obrić	Sombor
place of birth	A native of Halifax, Nova Scotia, Karen Walton wrote the film Ginger Snaps, for which she won a Best Film Writing Canadian Comedy Award in 2002.	Karen Walton	Halifax
place of birth	Rob Britton (born September 22, 1984 in Regina) is a Canadian cyclist currently riding for (Rally Cycling)).	Rob Britton	Regina
place of birth	Misha Rachlevsky (* 13 November 1946, Moscow) is a Russian conductor.	Misha Rachlevsky	Moscow
place of birth	Will Hoge (born November 14, 1972) is a Grammy-nominated American Americana country music singer, songwriter, and musician from Nashville, Tennessee, United States.	Will Hoge	Nashville
place of birth	Marcello Melo Jr. (born Marcelo Araújo de Melo Junior on November 1, 1987 in Nova Iguaçu, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actor, singer, song-writer, musician and model.	Marcello Melo Jr.	Nova Iguaçu
place of birth	Urs Freuler (born 6 November 1958 in Bilten, Canton of Glarus) is a Swiss cyclist, who raced professionally between 1980 and 1997, during which he won 124 victories.	Urs Freuler	Bilten
place of birth	Cédric Aristide N’Doumbé Bosso (often erroneously reported as Cédric N'Doumbé) (born 11 October 1990 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian professional football player.	Cédric N'Doumbé	Yaoundé
place of birth	Touriya Jabrane (Arabic: ثريا جبران‎ -- born Saadia Kraytif Arabic: السعدية قريطيف‎; 16 October 1952, Casablanca) is a Moroccan theatre director, actress and politician.	Touriya Jabrane	Casablanca
place of birth	Jeremy Lusk (November 26, 1984 -- February 10, 2009) was an American freestyle motocross racer from San Diego, California.	Jeremy Lusk	San Diego
place of birth	Sam Irvin (born and raised in Asheville, North Carolina) is a film and television director, producer, screenwriter, actor, author and film teacher.	Sam Irvin	Asheville
place of birth	Sheila Jordan grew up in Summerhill, Pennsylvania, before returning to her birthplace of Detroit, Michigan in 1940, playing the piano and singing semi-professionally in jazz clubs.	Sheila Jordan	Detroit
place of birth	Wan Gang (simplified Chinese: 万钢; traditional Chinese: 萬鋼; pinyin: Wàn Gāng, born August 1952 in Shanghai) is a Chinese expert on automobiles, former president of Tongji University (2002--2007) and the Minister of Science and Technology of PRC.	Wan Gang	Shanghai
place of birth	Karl Johann Kiessling (February 6, 1839 -- July 22, 1905) was a German physicist, mathematician, and botanist born in Culm; today Chełmno, Poland.	Karl Johann Kiessling	Chełmno
place of birth	Richard Tandy (born 26 March 1948, Birmingham, England), is an English musician, best known as the keyboardist in the rock band Electric Light Orchestra (``ELO'').	Richard Tandy	Birmingham
place of birth	Bryan Lewis Saunders (born 1969, in Washington, D.C.) is a performance artist, videographer, and performance poet known for his disturbing spoken word rants, tragic art performances and Stand up tragedy.	Bryan Lewis Saunders	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Jim Shirra (born 10 June 1950) is a Scottish professional footballer who spent the majority of his career playing for Falkirk, where he made over 180 league appearances and scored 27 goals.	Jim Shirra	Falkirk
place of birth	Chi In-jin (Korean: 지인진, Hanja: 池仁珍, born July 18, 1973, in Seoul) is a South Korean former boxer in the featherweight division.	Chi In-jin	Seoul
place of birth	Anita Cochran was born in South Lyon, Michigan, into a family that enjoyed listening to country music.	Anita Cochran	South Lyon, Michigan
place of birth	Pierre Gibaud (born April 22, 1988 in Laval) is a French professional football player currently playing in the Ligue 2 for Sochaux.	Pierre Gibaud	Laval
place of birth	Andreas Lie (born 31 August 1987 in Ålesund) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper who has played 23 games for Aalesund.	Andreas Lie	Ålesund
place of birth	James Hack Tuke (13 September 1819 -- 13 January 1896) was born at York, England, the son of Samuel Tuke.	James Hack Tuke	York
place of birth	Ulrich Reimers (born 17 March 1952 in Hildesheim) is an electrical engineer and is regarded as a pinoneer of digital television.	Ulrich Reimers	Hildesheim
place of birth	Although his family home was at Dunglass, Haddingtonshire (now East Lothian), Basil Hall was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, UK.	Basil Hall	Edinburgh
place of birth	Jerrel Feller (born June 9, 1987 in Heemskerk) is a Dutch athlete who specialises in the 100 meter relay.	Jerrel Feller	Heemskerk
place of birth	Beka Tsiklauri (born Tbilisi, February 9, 1989) is a Georgian Rugby Union player.	Beka Tsiklauri	Tbilisi
place of birth	Hermann von Kuhl was born in Koblenz, Rheinpreußen (Rhenish Prussia), the son of a high school teacher.	Hermann von Kuhl	Koblenz
place of birth	Rusdi Genest (RCA) (born 1939 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a Quebec sculptor known for his symbolic surrealistic art bronzes by lost-wax casting process and for his hand-pressed mural reliefs in fine art papermaking.	Rusdi Genest	Sherbrooke
place of birth	Sherri Hill (born 1949, Oklahoma, USA) is an American fashion designer and businesswoman whose specialty is formal evening wear.	Sherri Hill	Oklahoma
place of birth	Marianne Martin (born November 1, 1957 in Fenton, Michigan) is an American road racing cyclist.	Marianne Martin	Fenton, Michigan
place of birth	Charles James Phillips (15 May 1863 -- 2 June 1940) of London, England, and New York City, was a philatelist highly regarded in both England where he started his philatelic career and in the United States, where he emigrated to in 1922.	Charles James Phillips	New York City
place of birth	Fabio Cusaro (born 20 November 1984 in Novara) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Tritium in Lega Pro Prima Divisione, Italian football's third tier, on loan from Serie B side, Cesena.	Fabio Cusaro	Novara
place of birth	Sherrie Eugene-Hart is a sign language interpreter and TV presenter based in the West of England and has held the position of Governor at University of the West of England and The City Academy Bristol.	Sherrie Eugene	Bristol
place of birth	Aniello Cutolo (born 19 May 1983 in Naples) is an Italian football striker.	Aniello Cutolo	Naples
place of birth	Paolo Dal Soglio (born 29 July 1970 in Schio) is an Italian shot putter.	Paolo Dal Soglio	Schio
place of birth	Berthran Haktam or English name Bernard Hagan (born April 4, 1985 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer.	Berthran Haktam	Accra
place of birth	Myron of Eleutherae (Ancient Greek: Μύρων) working c. 480 BC - 440 BC, was an Athenian sculptor from the mid-5th century BC. He was born in Eleutherae on the borders of Boeotia and Attica.	Myron	Eleutherae
place of birth	Merlin James (born 1960 in Cardiff, Wales) is an artist living and working in Glasgow, Scotland.	Merlin James	Cardiff
place of birth	Ma Yanhong (simplified Chinese: 马燕红; traditional Chinese: 馬燕紅; pinyin: Mǎ Yànhóng; born March 21, 1964 in Beijing, China) (also reported in some media as July 5, 1963) is a retired Chinese Olympic athlete.	Ma Yanhong	Beijing
place of birth	Michele Carcano (Michael de Carcanis de Mediolano) (Lomazzo, 1427- 20 March 1484) was an Italian Franciscan preacher.	Michele Carcano	Lomazzo
place of birth	Nora Okja Keller (born 22 December 1965, in Seoul, South Korea) is a Korean American author.	Nora Okja Keller	Seoul
place of birth	Todd Mundt (born May 17, 1970 in Iowa City, Iowa) is a retired American professional National Basketball Association player.	Todd Mundt	Iowa City
place of birth	Mislav Karoglan (born 14 April 1982 in Imotski, Croatia) is a Croatian-born Bosnian football midfielder currently playing for Kamen Ivanbegovina in the Treća HNL Jug.	Mislav Karoglan	Imotski
place of birth	Mircea Sfetescu (1 July 1905 in Bucharest -- ?) was a Romanian rugby union player.	Mircea Sfetescu	Bucharest
place of birth	Anthony Mondell (born Anthony Mondelli) was born in Los Angeles, California to Italian parents, Olimpia née Giove, and Francesco ``Frank'' Mondelli, native from Canneto (Adelfia, Apulia region, Italy).	Anthony Mondell	Los Angeles
place of birth	Émile Pelletier (1898, Saint-Brieuc -- 1975) was a Minister of State for Monaco.	Émile Pelletier	Saint-Brieuc
place of birth	Miljan Zeković (Cyrillic: Mиљaн Зeкoвић, 15 November 1925 in Nikšić -- 10 December 1993) was a Montenegrin and Yugoslav football player.	Miljan Zeković	Nikšić
place of birth	Toon Meerman (born 13 October 1933 in Rotterdam) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a striker.	Toon Meerman	Rotterdam
place of birth	Pierre Augereau was born in Faubourg Saint-Marceau, Paris, as the son of a Parisian fruit seller (in some accounts, a servant).	Pierre Augereau	Paris
place of birth	Giulio Lopes, (Poá, SP), July 24, 1959, is a scenographer and Brazilian actor of plays, telenovelas and movies.	Giulio Lopes	Poá
place of birth	Neathan Gibson (born 14 May 1970 in Bulawayo) is a Zimbabwen soccer player currently Coaching and Executive Director for Michigan Fire Juniors in Georgetown, Michigan.	Neathan Gibson	Bulawayo
place of birth	Maria Manuela Machado (born August 9, 1963 in Viana do Castelo) is a former Portuguese long-distance runner, who was particularly successful when running the marathon.	Manuela Machado	Viana do Castelo
place of birth	Gregor Tait (born 20 April 1979 in Glasgow) is a Scottish backstroke swimmer, and an Olympic swimmer for Great Britain.	Gregor Tait	Glasgow
place of birth	Mor Serigne Diop (born 29 September 1988 in Paris) is a French footballer who is currently plays for Bedford Town FC .	Serigne Diop	Paris
place of birth	Celeste Anderson was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1989, and moved to Orillia, Ontario in 1996.	Celeste Anderson	Winnipeg
place of birth	Ivan Santini, born in Zadar, played for his hometown side's youth team, until the summer of 2006, when he moved to Inter Zaprešić where he signed his first professional contract and made four first team appearances, scoring his first professional goal in the process.	Ivan Santini	Zadar
place of birth	Sandro Damilano (born 24 February 1950, in Scarnafigi) is an Italian athletics coach.	Sandro Damilano	Scarnafigi
place of birth	Erhard Heinz (born 30 April 1924, Bautzen) is a German mathematician known for his work on partial differential equations, in particular the Monge--	Erhard Heinz	Bautzen
place of birth	Frank Filipetti is a 6x Grammy-winning music producer, engineer and mixer who was born in Bristol, Connecticut.	Frank Filipetti	Bristol
place of birth	Inārs Kivlenieks (born July 4, 1986 in Riga) is a Latvian luger who has competed since 2005.	Inārs Kivlenieks	Riga
place of birth	Carleton Rea was born in Worcester, the son of the City Coroner.	Carleton Rea	Worcester
place of birth	Naushad was born and raised in Lucknow, a city with a long tradition as a center of Indian Muslim culture.	Naushad	Lucknow
place of birth	Gabriele Sabatini (born March 22, 1976 in La Spezia) is a retired Italian professional football player and professional wrestler.	Gabriele Sabatini	La Spezia
place of birth	Adnan Barakat (born 3 September 1982 in Amsterdam) is a Moroccan-Dutch professional footballer who plays for Police United.	Adnan Barakat	Amsterdam
place of birth	Inna Zhukova (Belarusian: Іна Іванаўна Жукава Ina Ivanawna Zhukava Russian: Инна Ивановна Жукова Inna Ivanovna Zhukova, born on September 6, 1986 in Krasnodar, Soviet Union) is a Belarusian individual Rhythmic Gymnast.	Inna Zhukova	Krasnodar
place of birth	Nick G. Miller (born January 18, 1964 in Dayton, Ohio), also known as Nick Miller, is An American businessperson.	Nick G. Miller	Dayton
place of birth	Hamza Zeddam (born April 8, 1984, in Constantine) is an Algerian footballer.	Hamza Zeddam	Constantine
place of birth	Norbert Dobeleit (born 17 July 1964 in Renchen, Baden-Württemberg) is a German television personality and retired athlete.	Norbert Dobeleit	Renchen
place of birth	Kieron Bernard (born 2 August 1985 in Spanish Town) is a former Jamaican footballer last playing for Orlando City in the USL Professional Division.	Kieron Bernard	Spanish Town
place of birth	İbrahim Melih Gökçek (born 20 October 1948) is a Turkish politician who has been the Mayor of Ankara since 1994.	Melih Gökçek	Ankara
place of birth	Abou El Kacem Hadji (born August 22, 1990 in Oujda, Morocco) is an Algerian football player who plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club MO Béjaïa.	Abou El Kacem Hadji	Oujda
place of birth	Shi Yongxin was born as Liu Yingcheng (刘应成) in Anhui Province's Yingshang County.	Shi Yongxin	Yingshang County
place of birth	Jacques Minkus (1901--1996), of New York City, emigrated to the United States in 1929 and established stamp counters for postage stamp collectors at numerous department stores in the United States.	Jacques Minkus	New York City
place of birth	Kristine Stiles (born Kristine Elaine Dolan in Denver, Colorado, 1947) is the France Family Professor of Art, Art History and Visual Studies at Duke University.	Kristine Stiles	Denver
place of birth	Steve Olin was born on October 4, 1965 in Portland, Oregon, and grew up in nearby Beaverton.	Steve Olin	Portland
place of birth	Hayward was born in Nebraska City, Nebraska, the grandson of Monroe Leland Hayward, a senator from Nebraska.	Leland Hayward	Nebraska City, Nebraska
place of birth	*The Getty Museum - Biography of the Brygos Painter Working in Athens in the early 400s B.C., the Brygos Painter was a prolific decorator of red-figure cups.	Brygos Painter	Athens
place of birth	Adolfo Contoli (Bologna, 19 February 1898 - 1988) was an Italian versatile athlete.	Adolfo Contoli	Bologna
place of birth	Patrick Mtiliga was born in Copenhagen to a Danish mother and Tanzanian father.	Patrick Mtiliga	Copenhagen
place of birth	Michael Mead, born in Croydon, England, spent his early years traveling with his family and attending schools overseas.	Michael Mead	Croydon
place of birth	Anthony Mandrea (born 25 December 1996 in Grasse, France) is a French footballer who currently plays for French OGC Nice.	Anthony Mandrea	Grasse
place of birth	Born in Setúbal, Quinito played in exactly ten Portuguese top division seasons during his professional career, making his debuts in 1967--68 with Académica de Coimbra -- having moved to Coimbra to study medicine at the university-- but he only appeared in eight league games over the course of two full seasons.	Quinito	Setúbal
place of birth	Connie Talbot (born 20 November 2000) is an English child singer from Streetly, West Midlands.	Connie Talbot	Streetly
place of birth	Gary Hughes (born 5 July 1967, Manchester, England) is an English hard rock singer, songwriter and musician.	Gary Hughes	Manchester
place of birth	Andriy Hryshchenko (born 3 October 1974 in Korosten) is a retired Ukrainian football.	Andriy Hryshchenko	Korosten
place of birth	Mary F. Scranton (born December 9, 1832 in Belchertown, Massachusetts - October 8, 1909) was a Methodist Episcopal Church missionary.	Mary F. Scranton	Belchertown
place of birth	Aaron A Bertrand better known as Aaron A (born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a well-known Canadian music video director.	Aaron A	Toronto
place of birth	Boban Cenić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бобан Ценић, born November 13, 1981 in Leskovac) is a Serbian footballer who last played with Moravac Mrštane.	Boban Cenić	Leskovac
place of birth	Manfred Binz (22 September 1965 in Frankfurt) is a former German footballer who is now the manager of FC Germania 1911 Enkheim.	Manfred Binz	Frankfurt
place of birth	Leny de Andrade Lima, better known as Leny Andrade, was born in Rio de Janeiro, on January 26, 1943, and is a Brazilian singer and musician.	Leny Andrade	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Ivan Mishyn (Ukrainian: Мішин Іван Віталійович; born March 31, 1985, Odessa, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic -- in present day Ukraine) is a Ukrainian rally codriver, Ukrainian rally vice-champion, European rally champion in ERC Production Cup category, and The Boar ProRacing team codriver.	Ivan Mishyn	Odessa
place of birth	Kosta Mušicki was born on 7 April 1897 in Slavonski Brod, Austria-Hungary (now in Croatia) to Milutin and Jelena Mušicki (née Mihailović).	Kosta Mušicki	Slavonski Brod
place of birth	Hiob Ludolf (or Job Leutholf) (15 June 1624 -- 8 April 1704) was a German orientalist, and born at Erfurt.	Hiob Ludolf	Erfurt
place of birth	Timo Meynhardt (born July 14, 1972, in Rudolstadt) is a German psychologist and business economist.	Timo Meynhardt	Rudolstadt
place of birth	L. William Zahner III (b. June 30, 1955, in Kansas City, Missouri) is the president and CEO of Zahner, an architectural metal company in Kansas City, Missouri.	L. William Zahner	Kansas City
place of birth	Christos Chrysofakis (Greek: Χρήστος Χρυσοφάκης, born 18 January 1990) is a professional Greek football player, currently playing for Greek club OF Ierapetra.	Christos Chrysofakis	Ierapetra
place of birth	Eva Klotz (born June 4, 1951 in Walten, St. Leonhard in Passeier) is a South Tyrolian politician.	Eva Klotz	St. Leonhard in Passeier
place of birth	Emanuele Abate (born 8 July 1985 in Genoa) is an Italian athlete competing in the 110 metres hurdles.	Emanuele Abate	Genoa
place of birth	Stuart McIntosh (born 8 June 1975 in London) is a British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s and 2000s.	Stuart McIntosh	London
place of birth	Kylee was born in Chandler, Arizona to a British-American father and Japanese mother, She was influenced by her father who inspired her to become a singer.	Kylee	Chandler
place of birth	Ning Zetao was born in Zhengzhou, capital city of Henan; he is the only child of Ning Feng (father) and Liu Wenhong (mother).	Ning Zetao	Zhengzhou
place of birth	Dimitris Kapos (Greek: Δημήτρης Καπός), born 28 August 1993 in Chios, is a professional Greek football player, who currently plays for AEL in the Greek Football League as a Centre Forward.	Dimitris Kapos	Chios
place of death	Emmor Cope was an American Civil War officer of the Union Army noted for the ``Map of the Battlefield of Gettysburg from the original survey made August to October, 1863'' which he researched by horseback as a Sergeant after being ordered back to Gettysburg by Maj. Gen. George G. Meade.	Emmor Cope	Gettysburg
place of death	His brother was Johann Anton Friedrich Baudri, the Vicar General of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cologne and the auxiliary bishop of Cologne.	Friedrich Baudri	Cologne
place of death	Eugen Malmstén (16 February 1907, in Helsinki -- 1 September 1993, in Helsinki) was a Finnish-Swedish musician, singer, orchestra conductor, composer and lyricist.	Eugen Malmstén	Helsinki
place of death	Athanagild died of natural causes in Toledo, according to Isidore, then after an interregnum of five months Liuva I became king.	Athanagild	Toledo
place of death	Harold Ashby (March 21, 1925 in Kansas City, Missouri -- June 13, 2003 in New York City) was a jazz tenor saxophonist.	Harold Ashby	New York City
place of death	Jacobello del Fiore (c. 1370 -- 1439) was an Italian painter of the 15th century active mainly in Venice.	Jacobello del Fiore	Venice
place of death	Alan Mowbray MM (born Alfred Ernest Allen; 18 August 1896 -- 25 March 1969) was an English stage and film actor who found success in Hollywood.	Alan Mowbray	Hollywood
place of death	Samuel Krauss (Ukk, February 18, 1866 - Cambridge, June 4, 1948) was professor at the Jewish Teachers' Seminary, Budapest, 1894--1906, and at the Jewish Theological Seminary, Vienna, 1906-1938.	Samuel Krauss	Cambridge
place of death	Pieter Bleeker (July 10, 1819, Zaandam -- January 24, 1878, The Hague) was a Dutch medical doctor, ichthyologist, and herpetologist.	Pieter Bleeker	The Hague
place of death	General Sir Ralph Darling died in Brighton on 2 April 1858 at the age of eighty-five, survived by his widow, three sons and several daughters.	Ralph Darling	Brighton
place of death	Arkady Fiedler (November 28, 1894 in Poznań -- March 7, 1985 in Puszczykowo) was a Polish writer, journalist and adventurer.	Arkady Fiedler	Puszczykowo
place of death	Kéba Mbaye (April 6, 1924, Kaolack, Senegal -- January 12, 2007, Dakar, Senegal) was a judge and member of both the International Olympic Committee and the International Court of Justice.	Kéba Mbaye	Dakar
place of death	Albrecht Schrauf (14 December 1837, Vienna -- 29 November 1897, Vienna) was an Austrian mineralogist and crystallographer.	Albrecht Schrauf	Vienna
place of death	Eduard Oscar Schmidt (21 February 1823, Torgau -- 17 January 1886, Kappelrodeck) was a German zoologist and phycologist.	Eduard Oscar Schmidt	Kappelrodeck
place of death	Romano Amerio (June 22, 1905 in Lugano -- October 4, 1997 in Lugano) was a Roman Catholic theologian and a late critic of post-Conciliar evolutions in liturgy and ecclesiology.	Romano Amerio	Lugano
place of death	Frederick Whymper (1838 in London -- 26 November 1901) was a British artist and explorer.	Frederick Whymper	London
place of death	Bernhard Hamester was killed on 22 April 1945 after being hit by Soviet fire near Trebbin, Germany.	Bernhard Hamester	Trebbin
place of death	Antonio II da Montefeltro (1348--1404) was an Italian condottiero and count of Urbino.	Antonio II da Montefeltro	Urbino
place of death	Ronan Huon, also called René Huon, (3 August 1922 in Saint-Omer, Pas-de-Calais -- Brest, 18 October 2003), was a Breton language writer and editor.	Ronan Huon	Brest
place of death	Stanley Ridges died 22 April 1951, in Westbrook, Connecticut, aged 60.	Stanley Ridges	Westbrook
place of death	Noël François de Wailly spent his life in Paris, where for many years he carried on a school which was extensively patronized by foreigners who wished to learn French.	Noël François de Wailly	Paris
place of death	Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin (10 July 1922 -- 8 March 2013) was a German publisher and convenor of the Munich Conference on Security Policy until 1998.	Ewald-Heinrich von Kleist-Schmenzin	Munich
place of death	Andreas Kunze (1952; Bremen -- 8 April 2010; Essen) was a German actor and photographer.	Andreas Kunze	Essen
place of death	The 77-year-old Leonard Barr suffered a stroke on October 28, 1980, in his hotel room in West Hollywood and died on November 22, 1980, in a hospital in Burbank, California.	Leonard Barr	Burbank
place of death	Anneli Cahn Lax (23 February 1922, Katowice -- 24 September 1999, New York City) was an American mathematician, who was married to the mathematician Peter Lax.	Anneli Cahn Lax	New York City
place of death	Gorham was born in Charlestown, Boston, Massachusetts, and was the son of Captain Nathaniel Gorham and his father's wife Mary Soley.	Nathaniel Gorham	Charlestown
place of death	Zygmunt Haupt (5 March 1907, in Ułaszkowce, Podole -- 10 May 1975, in Winchester, Virginia, United States) was a Polish writer and painter.	Zygmunt Haupt	Winchester
place of death	Ondřej Sekora (25 September 1899, Brno -- 4 July 1967, Prague) was a Czech painter, illustrator, writer, journalist and entomologist.	Ondřej Sekora	Prague
place of death	Erich Zeller (13 January 1920 in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany -- 6 November 2001 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Bavaria, Germany) was a German figure skater and figure skating coach.	Erich Zeller	Garmisch-Partenkirchen
place of death	Benjamin Preston Clark (8 October 1860 West Roxbury- 11 January 1939, Philadelphia) was an American entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera, especially Sphingidae.	Benjamin Preston Clark	Philadelphia
place of death	Con Conrad (né Conrad K. Dober; 18 June 1891 Manhattan, New York -- 28 September 1938 Van Nuys, California) was an American songwriter and producer.	Con Conrad	Van Nuys
place of death	Charles Boit (Stockholm, 10 August 1662 -- Paris, 6 February 1727) was a Swedish painter in vitreous enamels who mostly worked in England, Austria and France.	Charles Boit	Paris
place of death	Constantin Daniel Rosenthal (b. Pest, Austrian Empire: Rosenthal Konstantin, 1820 -- July 23, 1851) was a Romanian painter and sculptor of Austrian-Jewish birth and a 1848 revolutionary, best known for his portraits and his choice of Romanian Romantic nationalist subjects.	Constantin Daniel Rosenthal	Pest
place of death	Hans Julius Duncker (26 May 1881 in Ballenstedt, Anhalt, now Saxony-Anhalt - 22 December 1961 in Saarbrücken) was a German ornithologist, geneticist and eugenicist.	Hans Julius Duncker	Saarbrücken
place of death	Gustav Haloun (January 12, 1898, Brtnice, Moravia, Austria-Hungary -- December 24, 1951, Cambridge, England) was a Czech sinologist.	Gustav Haloun	Cambridge
place of death	Their eldest son, William Bela Wellman (born 7 June 1864), became the senior member of Wellman, Peck and Company after his father died in Fruitvale, California, on 31 January 1887.	Bela Wellman	Fruitvale, California
place of death	René Lorin (1877--1933), a graduate of the Ecole Centrale Paris, invented the ramjet.	René Lorin	Paris
place of death	Claude Casimir Gillet (19 May 1806 in Dormans, department of Marne -- 1 September 1896 in Alençon), was a French botanist and mycologist.	Claude Casimir Gillet	Alençon
place of death	Nannette Streicher (née Anna-Maria Stein; 2 January 1769, Augsburg -- 16 January 1833, Vienna) was a German piano maker, composer, music educator and writer.	Nannette Streicher	Vienna
place of death	Heinrich Georg Winter (1 October 1848, Leipzig -- 16 August 1887) was a German mycologist.	Heinrich Georg Winter	Leipzig
place of death	Lazăr Edeleanu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈlazər edeˈle̯anu); 1 September 1861, Bucharest - 7 April 1941) was a Romanian chemist of Jewish origin.	Lazăr Edeleanu	Bucharest
place of death	Velibor Vasović (Serbian Cyrillic: Велибор Васовић; October 3, 1939 in Požarevac, Danube Banovina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- March 4, 2002 in Belgrade, Serbia, FR Yugoslavia) was a Serbian footballer and manager, also one of the legendary players of Partizan Belgrade and one of greatest defenders of his generation.	Velibor Vasović	Belgrade
place of death	Jošt of Rožmberk (Polish: Jodok z Rożemberka, Czech: Jošt II. z Rožmberka, German: Jost II. von Rosenberg; 11 November 1430 -- 12 December 1467 in Nysa) was a Bohemian nobleman.	Jošt of Rožmberk	Nysa
place of death	Sir Cornelius Hermanus Wessels (Rietfontein, Winburg, Orange River Sovereignty 26 April 1851 -- Bloemfontein, Orange Free State 1 March 1924) was a South African politician and statesman.	Cornelius Hermanus Wessels	Bloemfontein
place of death	John Peter Russell was born at the Sydney suburb of Darlinghurst, the eldest of four children of John Russell, a Scottish engineer, his wife Charlotte Elizabeth, née Nicholl, from London.	John Peter Russell	Sydney
place of death	Ranulf Flambard (sometimes Ralph Flambard, Ranulph Flambard, or Ranulf Passiflamme; c. 1060 -- 5 September 1128) was a medieval Norman Bishop of Durham and an influential government minister of King William Rufus of England.	Ranulf Flambard	Durham
place of death	Peter Suhrkamp (full name Johann Heinrich Suhrkamp; March 28, 1891, Hatten -- March 31, 1959, Frankfurt) was a German publisher and founder of the Suhrkamp Verlag.	Peter Suhrkamp	Frankfurt
place of death	Alan Stevenson FRSE MInstCE (1807, Edinburgh -- 1865, Portobello, Edinburgh) was a Scottish lighthouse engineer who was Engineer to the Board of Northern Lighthouses.	Alan Stevenson	Portobello, Edinburgh
place of death	In later life Dean Jagger suffered from heart disease and died in his sleep in Santa Monica, California.	Dean Jagger	Santa Monica
place of death	Alejandro Goicoechea Omar (his first surname is also spelled Goikoetxea) (Elorrio, Biscay, March 23, 1895 - Madrid, January 30, 1984) was a Spanish engineer.	Alejandro Goicoechea	Madrid
place of death	Samuel Ornitz died of cancer in 1957 in Woodland Hills, California, aged 66.	Samuel Ornitz	Woodland Hills
place of death	Jean-Louis Nicot (February 14, 1911, Paris -- August 29, 2004) was the commander of the French Air transport fleet during the First Indochina War.	Jean-Louis Nicot	Paris
place of death	Karl Grünberg (died 1921, Rostock) was a German entomologist specialising in Lepidoptera.	Karl Grünberg	Rostock
place of death	Siegfried Grabert was killed on 25 July 1942 during a commando operation to destroy a dam between Rostov and Bataisk.	Siegfried Grabert	Rostov
place of death	Giovanni Antonio Battarra (Coriano, 9 June 1714--Rimini, 8 November 1789) was an Italian priest, naturalist, and mycologist.	Giovanni Antonio Battarra	Rimini
place of death	Ivan Mažuranić Square in Zagreb is named in his honor.	Ivan Mažuranić	Zagreb
place of death	Maureen Reagan died in Granite Bay, California, on August 8, 2001, aged 60, from melanoma, three years before her father died.	Maureen Reagan	Granite Bay, California
place of death	Early in his literary career he adopted the nom de plume of Friedrich Halm (``Halm'' means a blade of grass or a blade of straw), and became one of the most popular dramatists in Vienna around the middle of the 19th century.	Friedrich Halm	Vienna
place of death	Alan Stacey (29 August 1933, Broomfield -- 19 June 1960, Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Belgium), was a British racing driver.	Alan Stacey	Spa-Francorchamps
place of death	Alexandre Bultos (18 June 1749, Brussels - 20 September 1787) was a Belgian comic actor and theatre director.	Alexandre Bultos	Brussels
place of death	Ioannis Oikonomou (Greek: Ιωάννης Οικονόμου; 1860, Kertezi - 1931 Athens) was a Greek painter, xylographer, engraver and amateur athlete.	Ioannis Oikonomou	Athens
place of death	Alexandre Eugène Cellier (17 June 1883 in Molières-sur-Cèze -- 4 March 1968 in Paris) was a French organist and composer.	Alexandre Eugène Cellier	Paris
place of death	Philippe Jules Mancini (1641, Rome - 1707, Paris), Duke of Nevers, was the nephew of Cardinal Mazarin, chief minister of France immediately after the death of King Louis XIII.	Philippe Jules Mancini	Paris
place of death	Friedrich Gedike (15 January 1754, Boberow bei Karstädt (Prignitz) (Mark Brandenburg) - 2 May 1803, Berlin) was a German theologian, teacher and educational reformer of the late Enlightenment.	Friedrich Gedike	Berlin
place of death	Aldo Notari (born September 6, 1932 in Parma, Italy, died July 26, 2006) was the president of the International Baseball Federation from 1993 to 2006.	Aldo Notari	Parma
place of death	Alfred Polgar (originally: Alfred Polak, pseudonyms: Archibald Douglas, L. A. Terne; born 17 October 1873 -- 24 April 1955, Zürich) was an Austrian-born journalist, one of the most renowned intellectuals of the Vienna coffeehouses.	Alfred Polgar	Zürich
place of death	Jan Theunisz Blanckerhoff or Jan Maat, (10 January 1628, Alkmaar - buried 2 October 1669, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Golden Age marine painter.	Jan Theunisz Blanckerhoff	Amsterdam
place of death	István Dégi (born Makó, August 21, 1935 - died Budapest, November 8, 1992) was a Hungarian actor.	István Dégi	Budapest
place of death	Jovan Radonić (February 9, 1873, Mol, Austria-Hungary -- November 25, 1953, Yugoslavia) was historian, librarian of Matica Srpska library and member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.	Jovan Radonić	Yugoslavia
place of death	Arthur Nicolaier (4 February 1862 in Cosel/Koźle - 28 August 1942 in Berlin) was a German Jewish internist.	Arthur Nicolaier	Berlin
place of death	Flora Tristan (7 April 1803 in Paris -- 14 November 1844 in Bordeaux, France) was a socialist writer and activist.	Flora Tristan	Bordeaux
place of death	Charles Catteau (26 January 1880, Douai -- 20 October 1966, Nice) was a French Art Déco industrial designer.	Charles Catteau	Nice
place of death	Ángel Rosenblat (9 December 1902, Węgrów, Poland - 11 September 1984, Caracas) was a Venezuelan philologist, essayist and hispanist of Polish descent.	Ángel Rosenblat	Caracas
place of death	Vladimir Vlasov (25 December 1902 (OS)/7 January 1903 (NS) Moscow -- 7 September 1986 Moscow) was a Russian composer and conductor.	Vladimir Vlasov	Moscow
place of death	Alger of Liège (1055--1131), known also as Alger of Cluny and Algerus Magister, was a learned clergyman from Liège author of several notable works.	Alger of Liège	Cluny
place of death	Salomé de Gélieu (17 April 1742, Les Bayards - 29 March 1820, Colombier) was a Swiss educator and governess to several members of princely courts in Europe.	Salomé de Gélieu	Colombier
place of death	Harold Witter Bynner, also known by the pen name Emanuel Morgan (August 10, 1881 -- June 1, 1968) was an American poet, writer and scholar, known for his long residence in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and association with other literary figures there.	Witter Bynner	Santa Fe
place of death	Stephan Schulzer von Müggenburg (Viduševac, Croatia, 12.19.1802 -- Vinkovci, Croatia, 2.5.1892) was a Hungarian --	Stephan Schulzer von Müggenburg	Vinkovci
place of death	Wilhelm Solf was born into a wealthy and liberal family in Berlin.	Wilhelm Solf	Berlin
place of death	Teuvo Pakkala was born in Oulu, Finland, worked also in Jyväskylä and died in Kuopio.	Teuvo Pakkala	Kuopio
place of death	Elise Cavanna Welton died in Hollywood, California of cancer in 1963.	Elise Cavanna	Hollywood
place of death	Celio Secondo Curione (Cirié, 1 May 1503 -- Basel, 24 November 1569) was an Italian humanist, grammarian and suspected antitrinitarian.	Celio Secondo Curione	Basel
place of death	Giovanni Pichler (Born 10 January 1734 in Naples; died 25 January 1791 in Rome) was a German-Italian artist in engraved gems.	Giovanni Pichler	Rome
place of death	Ze'ev Segal (13 January 1947 -- 11 January 2011) was an Israeli lawyer, a professor of law at Tel Aviv University and a legal analyst for the newspaper Haaretz.	Ze'ev Segal	Tel Aviv
place of death	James H. Allen (May 15, 1928 -- July 28, 2015) was an American actor who portrayed the clown character Rusty Nails and was the host of various children's television shows in the Portland, Oregon television market from 1957--1972.	James H. Allen	Portland
place of death	Jean Cabannes (b. Marseille August 12, 1885 - d. Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer October 31, 1959) was a French physicist specialising in optics.	Jean Cabannes	Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer
place of death	Jean Barbault (1718--1762) was a French painter and printmaker, working in Rome.	Jean Barbault	Rome
place of death	Fung Wang-yuen (22 September 1942 -- 4 February 2014), better known by his stage name Wu Ma, was a Hong Kong actor, director, producer and writer born in Tianjin, Republic of China.	Wu Ma	Hong Kong
place of death	Johann Sigismund Scholze alias Sperontes (20 March 1705 in Lobendau bei Liegnitz (today Lubiatów near Złotoryja) 28 September 1750 in Leipzig) was a Silesian music anthologist and poet.	Johann Sigismund Scholze	Leipzig
place of death	William Fitz Randolph Mills (September 8, 1856 -- November 16, 1941) was an American politician who served as the mayor of Denver, Colorado from 1918 to 1919.	William Fitz Randolph Mills	Denver
place of death	Al-Musta'sim Billah (full name: al-Musta'sim-Billah Abu-Ahmad Abdullah bin al-Mustansir-Billah; Arabic: المستعصم بالله أبو أحمد عبد الله بن المستنصر بالله‎; 1213 -- February 20, 1258) was the last Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad; he ruled from 1242 until his death.	Al-Musta'sim	Baghdad
place of death	Franz Christoph Anton, Count of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen (16 January 1699 in Haigerloch -- 23 November 1767 in Cologne) was a member of the House of Hohenzollern.	Franz Christoph Anton, Count of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen	Cologne
place of death	Gustav Rose (March 18, 1798 -- July 15, 1873) was a German mineralogist who was a native of Berlin.	Gustav Rose	Berlin
place of death	Isidro Lángara Galarraga (25 May 1912 in Pasaia, Gipuzkoa -- 21 August 1992 in Andoain) was a Spanish football striker.	Isidro Lángara	Andoain
place of death	Father Jules Monchanin (who chose to call himself Swami Paramarubyananda), (April 10, 1895 in Fleurie, Rhône - October 10, 1957 in Paris) was a French Catholic priest, monk and hermit.	Jules Monchanin	Paris
place of death	Johan Castberg died in December 1926 in Oslo, before the end of his seventh parliamentary term.	Johan Castberg	Oslo
place of death	Biordo Michelotti (1352 -- March 10, 1398) was an Italian condottiero, who was lord of Perugia and commander-in-chief of the Republic of Florence.	Biordo Michelotti	Perugia
place of death	Adam Friedrich Oeser (17 February 1717 in Pressburg -- 18 March 1799 in Leipzig) was a German etcher, painter and sculptor.	Adam Friedrich Oeser	Leipzig
place of death	Duarte Barbosa (c. 1480, Lisbon, Portugal -- 1 May 1521, Philippines) was a Portuguese writer and Portuguese India officer between 1500 and 1516--1517, with the post of scrivener in Cannanore factory and sometimes interpreter of the local language (Malayalam).	Duarte Barbosa	Philippines
place of death	Firmin Baes (born 18 April 1874 in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode, Belgium -- died 4 December 1943 in Brussels, Belgium) was a Belgian painter.	Firmin Baes	Brussels
place of death	Franz Boos (23 Dec. 1753 (Frauenalb) -- 9 Feb. 1832 (Vienna) ) was an Austrian gardener-botanist in the Age of Enlightenment, a voyager and collector of natural history specimens for Emperor Joseph II of Austria, who reigned from 1765 to 1790.	Franz Boos	Vienna
place of death	Pietro Fanfani (21 April 1815, Pistoia, Italy - 4 March 1879, Florence) was an Italian philologist, humorist and novelist.	Pietro Fanfani	Florence
place of death	Carlos Montemayor (Parral, Chihuahua, June 13, 1947 -- Mexico City, February 28, 2010) was a Mexican novelist, poet, essayist, literary critic, tenor, political analyst, and promoter of contemporary literature written in indigenous languages.	Carlos Montemayor	Mexico City
place of death	Erik Dahlbergh was born of peasant stock in Stockholm, Sweden, but rose to the level of titled nobility due to his military abilities.	Erik Dahlbergh	Stockholm
place of death	Qasim Amin (pronounced (ˈʔæːsem ʔæˈmiːn), Arabic: قاسم أمين; 1) (December 1863, in Alexandria -- April 22, 1908 in Cairo) was an Egyptian jurist, Islamic Modernist and one of the founders of the Egyptian national movement and Cairo University.	Qasim Amin	Cairo
place of death	Philipp Friedrich Silcher (27 June 1789 in Schnait (today part of Weinstadt) -- 26 August 1860 in Tübingen), was a German composer, mainly known for his lieder (songs), and an important folksong collector.	Friedrich Silcher	Tübingen
place of death	Alfonso Calderón Squadritto (San Fernando, November 21, 1930-- Santiago de Chile, August 8, 2009) was a Chilean poet and writer.	Alfonso Calderón	Santiago
place of death	André Roch (August 21, 1906 in Hermance, Switzerland -- November 19, 2002 in Geneva) was a mountaineer, avalanche researcher and expert, skier, resort developer, engineer, and author.	André Roch	Geneva
place of death	Paolo Monaldi was born and died in Rome, and initially trained in the studio of Paolo Anesi.	Paolo Monaldi	Rome
place of death	Reuven Dafni (Hebrew: ראובן דפני‎; born Ruben Kandt; Zagreb, 1913 -- 2005, Israel) was Croatian Partisan, Israeli soldier and diplomat, one of founders of kibbutz Ein Gev and longtime assistant director of the Yad Vashem memorial center.	Reuven Dafni	Israel
place of death	Jean Geissinger-Harding died in 2014 in Kalamazoo, Michigan, 17 days before her 80th birthday.	Jean Geissinger	Kalamazoo
place of death	Joe Robichaux (birth name Joseph Robichaux, March 8, 1900 in New Orleans -- January 17, 1965 in New Orleans) was an American jazz pianist.	Joe Robichaux	New Orleans
place of death	Jan Werner Danielsen, known professionally as Jan Werner, (10 April 1976, Nord-Odal -- 28 September 2006, Oslo) was a Norwegian pop singer, also known for his interpretations of musical, classical, and rock standards.	Jan Werner Danielsen	Oslo
place of death	Moss Hart died of a heart attack at the age of 57 on December 20, 1961, at his winter home in Palm Springs, California.	Moss Hart	Palm Springs
place of death	Léon d'Ymbault de Vanthay (also: Leon d'Ymbault, Leon d'Imbault, Leon von Imbolt, Leon Imbo; born c. 1700 in Dragomesti, now Astakos; died March/April 1781 in Czernowitz, now Chernivtsi) was the last Moldavian mayor of Czernowitz before the annexation of the Bukovina by Austria in 1775.	Léon d'Ymbault	Chernivtsi
place of death	Camara Laye died in 1980 in Dakar of a kidney infection.	Camara Laye	Dakar
place of death	Rubén Marcos Peralta (6 December 1942 at Osorno, Chile -- 14 August 2006 at Osorno) was a Chilean football player.	Rubén Marcos	Osorno
place of death	Abdelkader Benfréha (Arabic: عبد القادر فريحة‎; October 28, 1942 -- October 1, 2012 in Oran), known more commonly as Abdelkader Fréha, was an Algerian football player.	Abdelkader Fréha	Oran
place of death	Theodore van Heil (1635, Brussels -- after 1691), was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Theodore van Heil	Brussels
place of death	Dorothea Wieck (3 January 1908, Davos, Switzerland -- 19 February 1986, Berlin, West Germany) was a German theatre and film actress.	Dorothea Wieck	Berlin
place of death	Károly Knezić (6 September 1808, Veliki Grđevac - 6 October 1849, Arad) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army.	Károly Knezić	Arad
place of death	Iris Bannochie (1914 -- September 1988) was a Barbadian horticulturalist who was the leading expert on horticulture on the island of Barbados.	Iris Bannochie	Barbados
place of death	Rolf W. Schnyder (1935 in Zurich - 2011 in Kuala Lumpur) was a Swiss businessman known for his role as the owner and CEO of watchmaker Ulysse Nardin.	Rolf W. Schnyder	Kuala Lumpur
place of death	Leontine Mary Jane Buisson (22 April 1837 -- 12 March 1903), better known by her married name, Leontine Cooper, was a teacher, a pioneer trade union organiser, suffragist and campaigner for women's rights in Queensland, Australia.	Leontine Cooper	Queensland
place of death	Count Monaldo Leopardi (Recanati, 16 August 1776 -- Recanati, 30 April 1847) was an Italian philosopher, nobleman, politician and writer, notable as one of the main Italian intellectuals of the counter-revolution.	Monaldo Leopardi	Recanati
place of death	Angeliki Laiou (Greek: Αγγελική Λαΐου; Athens, 6 April 1941 -- Boston, 11 December 2008) was a Greek Byzantinist.	Angeliki Laiou	Boston
place of death	Franjo Bučar (Zagreb, 25 November 1866 -- Zagreb, 26 December 1946) was a Croatian writer and sports popularizer of Slovenian origin.	Franjo Bučar	Zagreb
place of death	Jenő Bory (Székesfehérvár, November 9, 1879 -- Székesfehérvár, December 20, 1959) was a Hungarian architect and sculptor.	Jenő Bory	Székesfehérvár
place of death	Riccardo Schicchi (Italian pronunciation: (rikˈkardo ˈskikki); Augusta, Sicily, 14 March 1953 - Rome, 9 December 2012) was an Italian pornographer.	Riccardo Schicchi	Rome
place of death	William Neale Lockington (born 1840 in Rugby, Warwickshire, England--died 1902 in Worthing, Sussex) was an English zoologist.	William Neale Lockington	Worthing
place of death	Octavia Hill (3 December 1838 -- 13 August 1912) was an English social reformer, whose main concern was the welfare of the inhabitants of cities, especially London, in the second half of the nineteenth century.	Octavia Hill	London
place of death	Ćiro Truhelka (2 February 1865 in Osijek -- 18 September 1942 in Zagreb) was a Croatian archaeologist and one of the main progenitors of the racist ideology of the Croatian fascist Ustaše movement.	Ćiro Truhelka	Zagreb
place of death	Antonín Lhota (2 January 1812, Kutná Hora -- 10 September 1905, Volyně) was a Czech painter and art teacher.	Antonín Lhota	Volyně
place of death	For his contributions as an actor in motion pictures, Jack Perrin was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1777 Vine Street, in Hollywood, California.	Jack Perrin	Hollywood
place of death	Eduard Schulte ( 4 January 1891 in Düsseldorf -- 6 January 1966 in Zürich) was a prominent German industrialist.	Eduard Schulte	Zürich
place of death	Kurt Hiller also known as Keith Lurr and Klirr (Thule) (17 August 1885, Berlin -- 1 October 1972, Hamburg) was a German essayist of high stylistic originality and a political (namely pacifist) journalist from a Jewish family.	Kurt Hiller	Hamburg
place of death	Joseph Carl Meffert (26 March 1903 in Koblenz, Germany -- 27 December 1988 in Sirnach, Switzerland), better known by his nom de plume Clément Moreau, was a politically and socially conscious graphic designer and artist.	Clément Moreau	Sirnach
place of death	Bernhard Quandt (14 April 1903 in Rostock; -- 6 August 1999 in Schwerin) was a German politician (SPD, KPD, SED).	Bernhard Quandt	Schwerin
place of death	Francesco Fausto Nitti (born 2 September 1899 in Pisa -- died 28 May 1974, in Rome) was a journalist and fighter against fascism.	Francesco Fausto Nitti	Rome
place of death	Mark Van Doren died on December 10, 1972, in Torrington, Connecticut, aged 78, two days after undergoing surgery for circulatory problems at the Charlotte Hungerford Hospital.	Mark Van Doren	Torrington
place of death	Robert Allen Dyer (21 September 1900 Pietermaritzburg - 26 October 1987 Johannesburg) was a South African botanist and taxonomist, working particularly on Amaryllidaceae and succulent plants, contributing to and editing of Bothalia and Flowering Plants of Africa and holding the office of Director of the Botanical Research Institute in Pretoria from 1944 to 1963.	Robert Allen Dyer	Johannesburg
place of death	Anton Faistauer (14 February 1887, Sankt Martin bei Lofer - 13 February 1930, Vienna) was an Austrian Expressionist painter.	Anton Faistauer	Vienna
place of death	Selman Waksman died on August 16, 1973 and was interred at the Crowell Cemetery in Woods Hole, Barnstable County, Massachusetts.	Selman Waksman	Barnstable County
place of death	Alexander Sheldon (October 23, 1766 in Suffield, Hartford County, Connecticut -- September 10, 1836 in Montgomery County, New York) was an American physician and politician.	Alexander Sheldon	Montgomery County
place of death	Dequinha died on September 29, 1997 in Aracaju(Sergipe)	Dequinha	Aracaju
place of death	Luigi Miceli (7 June 1824, in Longobardi Italy -- 30 December 1906, in Rome), was an Italian patriot, politician and a military figure, a capitan in the conflicts of the Risorgimento and a leading military figure to the Italian Liberation and Unification in 1861.	Luigi Miceli	Rome
place of death	Kalevi Sorsa died of cancer on January 16, 2004 at his home in Helsinki.	Kalevi Sorsa	Helsinki
place of death	Bernard Gui died on 30 December 1331 at the castle of Lauroux in the present-day Hérault department, south France.	Bernard Gui	Lauroux
place of death	Alfred III, Prince of Windisch-Grätz (German: Alfred August Karl Maria Wolfgang Erwin Fürst zu Windisch-Grätz; 31 October 1851, Prague -- 23 November 1927, Tachov) was a Bohemian nobleman and Austro-Hungarian statesman.	Alfred III, Prince of Windisch-Grätz	Tachov
place of death	Fernando Lázaro Carreter (Zaragoza, April 13, 1923 -- March 4, 2004, in Madrid) was a Spanish linguist, journalist and literary critic.	Fernando Lázaro Carreter	Madrid
place of death	José Sebastião e Silva (12 December 1914 Mértola -- 25 May 1972 Lisbon) was a Portuguese mathematician.	José Sebastião e Silva	Lisbon
place of death	Jean d'Osta pseudonym of Jean Van Osta, (Brussels -- Belgium, 1909--1993) was a Belgian writer, journalist, humorist, and great lover of Brussels.	Jean d'Osta	Brussels
place of death	Pietro Gnocchi (February 27, 1689 -- December 9, 1775) was an Italian composer, choir director, historian, and geographer of the late Baroque era, active mainly in Brescia, where he was choir director of Brescia Cathedral.	Pietro Gnocchi	Brescia
place of death	But he was a mobster and was a big time smuggler who reigned for 20 years (1955 to 1975) without any dispute from anybody Born in 1926 in Pannaikulam, near Ramanathapuram, Tamilnadu, Haji Mastan originally known as Mastan Haider Mirza at the age of 8 migrated with his father in Mumbai.	Haji Mastan	Mumbai
place of death	Harmon S. Cutting (1830 -- April 25, 1884) was Mayor of the City of Buffalo, New York, serving from December, 1882 to January 1883, in the aftermath after the resignation of Grover Cleveland.	Harmon S. Cutting	Buffalo
place of death	Jerzy Zawieyski, born Henryk Nowicki, (2 October 1902, Radogoszcz, Piotrków Governorate - 18 June 1969, Warsaw) was a Polish playwright, prose writer, Catholic political activist and amateur stage actor.	Jerzy Zawieyski	Warsaw
place of death	Anton Josef Dräger, also known as Joseph Anton Draeger, an historical painter, was born at Trèves in 1794, and died at Rome in 1833.	Anton Josef Dräger	Rome
place of death	Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt (July 20, 1671 in Darmstadt -- August 11, 1736 in Vienna) was a Prince of Hesse-Darmstadt, Imperial Field marshal and Governor of Mantua.	Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt	Vienna
place of death	Ludwig Strümpell (28 June 1812 Schöppenstedt -- 18 May 1899 Leipzig) was a German philosopher and pedagogue.	Ludwig Strümpell	Leipzig
place of death	Gianni Widmer (April 25, 1892, Trieste, then in Austro-Hungarian Empire, October 30, 1971, Milan, Italy) (Slovenian: Ivan Vidmar, German: Johann Widmer) was an Italian civil and military aviator of Slovenian descent, a pioneer of airmail.	Gianni Widmer	Milan
place of death	Jacobus Stellingwerff (1667, Amsterdam -- 1727, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century artist from the Northern Netherlands.	Jacobus Stellingwerff	Amsterdam
place of death	Théodore Fourmois (14 October 1814 in Presles -- October 1871 in Ixelles) was a Belgian landscape painter and printmaker.	Théodore Fourmois	Ixelles
place of death	Henry Holden Huss (June 21, 1862 in Newark, New Jersey -- September 17, 1953 in New York City) was an American composer, pianist and music teacher.	Henry Holden Huss	New York City
place of death	Benedetto Brin (17 May 1833, Turin, Piedmont -- 24 May 1898, Rome, Lazio) was an Italian naval administrator and politician.	Benedetto Brin	Rome
place of death	Johan Albert Constantin Löfgren (1854--1918), known as Albert Löfgren or Alberto Löfgren, was head of the botany department of the Rio de Janeiro Botanical Garden around 1905.	Johan Albert Constantin Löfgren	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Paul Wilhelm Magnus (29 February 1844, Berlin -- 13 March 1914, Berlin) was a German botanist and mycologist.	Paul Wilhelm Magnus	Berlin
place of death	Maurice Copeland (June 13, 1911, Rector, Arkansas --October 3, 1985, New Rochelle, New York) was an American actor.	Maurice Copeland	New Rochelle
place of death	Madeleine Bourdouxhe (September 25, 1906 in Liège, Belgium -- April 16, 1996 in Brussels, Belgium) was a Belgian author.	Madeleine Bourdouxhe	Brussels
place of death	A victim of success and fast living, George Leybourne died penniless in Islington aged 42.	George Leybourne	Islington
place of death	Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole (10 December 1654 -- 22 July 1719) was an Italian painter and engraver from Bologna, active in the late-Baroque period.	Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole	Bologna
place of death	Marianna Auenbrugger (July 19, 1759 in Vienna -- August 25, 1782), was an Austrian pianist and composer.	Marianna Auenbrugger	Vienna
place of death	John Cecil Holm (4 November 1904, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- 24 October 1981, Westerly, Rhode Island) was an American dramatist, theatre director and actor.	John Cecil Holm	Westerly
place of death	Miguel de Unamuno y Jugo (29 September 1864 in Bilbao -- 31 December 1936 in Salamanca) was a Spanish essayist, novelist, poet, playwright, philosopher, and Greek professor, and later rector at the University of Salamanca.	Miguel de Unamuno	Salamanca
place of death	Gregory of Rimini (c. 1300, Rimini -- November 1358, Vienna), also called Gregorius de Arimino or Ariminensis, was one of the great scholastic philosophers and theologians of the Middle Ages.	Gregory of Rimini	Vienna
place of death	Franz Xaver Gabelsberger (9 February 1789 -- 4 January 1849, both in Munich) was a German inventor of a shorthand writing system, named Gabelsberger shorthand after him.	Franz Xaver Gabelsberger	Munich
place of death	Joaquín Agrasot y Juan (24 December 1836, Orihuela - 8 January 1919, Valencia) was a Spanish painter of the Realistic style who produced many works in the Costumbrismo genre.	Joaquín Agrasot	Valencia
place of death	Lucian Bălan (25 June 1959 -- 12 November 2015) was a Romanian football player and coach, winner of the European Cup in 1986 and the European Supercup in 1987, both with Steaua Bucureşti and former coach at a football school in Baia Mare.	Lucian Bălan	Baia Mare
place of death	In 1369 when Shangdu also fell under the Ming's occupation, Toghon Temür fled northward to Yingchang, which was located in present-day Inner Mongolia.	Toghon Temür	Yingchang
place of death	Giuseppe Giacomo Gambino (Palermo, May 21, 1941 -- Milan, November 30, 1996), also known as u tignusu (the bald one) was a member of the Mafia and head of the San Lorenzo mandamento.	Giuseppe Giacomo Gambino	Milan
place of death	Rosihan Anwar died in Jakarta on 14 April 2011, of heart failure due to old age.	Rosihan Anwar	Jakarta
place of death	Joan Gideon Loten, born in Groenekan, near Utrecht he was the eldest son of secretary of the waterboard Joan Carel Loten (1669 - 1769) and Arnoldina Maria van Aerssen van Juchen (1685 - 1775).	Joan Gideon Loten	Utrecht
place of death	Leopold Zunz was born at Detmold, and settled in Berlin in 1815, studying at the University of Berlin and obtaining a doctorate from the University of Halle.	Leopold Zunz	Berlin
place of death	Edmond Dédé (November 20, 1827, New Orleans, Louisiana -- 1903, Paris, France) was a free-born Creole musician and composer.	Edmond Dédé	Paris
place of death	Jordi Solé Tura (23 May 1930 Mollet del Vallés, Spain -- 4 December 2009 Barcelona) was a Spanish politician, jurist and one of the co-authors and ``Fathers'' of the Spanish Constitution of 1978 following Spain's move to democracy.	Jordi Solé Tura	Barcelona
place of death	Ricardo Mañé Ramirez (Montevideo, 14 January 1948 -- Montevideo, 9 March 1995) was a Uruguayan and Brazilian mathematician, known for his contributions to dynamical systems and ergodic theory.	Ricardo Mañé	Montevideo
place of death	Jacob Olie (1834 -- 1905) was a photographer from Amsterdam known for his scenes of everyday life there.	Jacob Olie	Amsterdam
place of death	Ilus Vay (20 February 1923, Budapest -- 28 October 2008, Budapest) was a Hungarian stage, film, television and voice actress.	Ilus Vay	Budapest
place of death	Denis Gaultier (Gautier, Gaulthier; also known as Gaultier le jeune and Gaultier de Paris) (1597 or 1602/3 -- 1672) was a French lutenist and composer.	Denis Gaultier	Paris
place of death	Moritz Eduard Pechuël-Loesche, (26 July 1840 Zöschen -- 29 May 1913 Munich), was a German naturalist, geographer, ethnologist, painter, traveler, author, plant collector and Professor of Geography in Jena and Erlangen.	Eduard Pechuël-Loesche	Munich
place of death	Marisa Sannia (February 15, 1947 Iglesias, Sardinia, Italy -- April 14, 2008 Cagliari, Sardinia, Italy) was an Italian singer from the island of Sardinia.	Marisa Sannia	Cagliari
place of death	Erna Tauro, née Pergament (16 August 1916 Viborg -- 4 June 1993 Stockholm), was a Finnish-Swedish pianist and composer.	Erna Tauro	Stockholm
place of death	Erwin Koopmann was killed on 10 November 1943 in Ulianivka, Ukraine and was posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 28 November 1943.	Erwin Koopmann	Ukraine
place of death	Otto Karl Berg (August 18, 1815 in Stettin -- November 20, 1866 in Berlin) was a German botanist and pharmacist.	Otto Karl Berg	Berlin
place of death	André Boillot was driving a Peugeot 201 when he crashed during practice for the 1932 Ars hillclimbing race at La Châtre.	André Boillot	La Châtre
place of death	Matthäus Daniel Pöppelmann (May 3, 1662 - January 17, 1736) was a German master builder who helped to rebuild Dresden after the fire of 1685.	Matthäus Daniel Pöppelmann	Dresden
place of death	Luis Arenal Bastar (born Teapa, 1908 or 1909 -- died Mexico City, May 7, 1985) was a Mexican painter, engraver and sculptor.	Luis Arenal Bastar	Mexico City
place of death	Paavo Rintala (born in Viipuri, Finland on 20 September 1930 -- died in Kirkkonummi, Finland 8 August 1999) is a Finnish novelist and theologian.	Paavo Rintala	Kirkkonummi
place of death	Claës Fredrik Hornstedt (12 February 1758 Linköping -- May 1809 Helsinki) was a Swedish naturalist, taxonomist, botanical illustrator and a protégé of Carl Peter Thunberg.	Claës Fredrik Hornstedt	Helsinki
place of death	Paul Ditisheim (1868 (La Chaux-de-Fonds)-1945, (Geneva)) is a famous Swiss watchmaker, inventor and industrialist.	Paul Ditisheim	Geneva
place of death	Michel Ghislain Stapleaux (26 June 1799, Brussels - 1881, Gien) was a Belgian portraitist and history painter.	Michel Ghislain Stapleaux	Gien
place of death	Angelos Giallinas (Greek: Άγγελος Γιαλλινάς; 5 March 1857, Corfu - 1939, Corfu) was a Greek landscape painter, known primarily for his watercolors.	Angelos Giallinas	Corfu
place of death	Dario Niccodemi (Livorno, Italy, 1874 -- Rome, Italy, 1934) was a novelist and a playwright who was born in Italy.	Dario Niccodemi	Rome
place of death	Pearl Eaton was found dead, at the age of 60, in her Manhattan Beach apartment on September 10, 1958.	Pearl Eaton	Manhattan Beach
place of death	Gilbert Warrenton (March 7, 1894, Paterson, New Jersey - August 21, 1980, Riverside County, California) was a prominent American silent and sound film cinematographer.	Gilbert Warrenton	Riverside County
place of death	Johann Jacob Haid or Johann Jakob Haid (1704--1767) was a German engraver who worked in Augsburg.	Johann Jacob Haid	Augsburg
place of death	On-yumishi Kanjuro Shibata XX (御弓師 二十代 柴田 勘十郎 Shibata Kanjūrō born 1921 in Kyoto, Japan, died on 21 October 2013 in Boulder, United States).	Kanjuro Shibata XX	Boulder
place of death	Maurice Calka (1921 Łódź, Poland -- 1999 Paris, France) was a sculptor, designer and urbanist.	Maurice Calka	Paris
place of death	Dieter Erler (born 28 May 1939 in Glauchau; died 10 April 1998 in Chemnitz) was a German footballer.	Dieter Erler	Chemnitz
place of death	Andries de Witt (16 June 1573, Dordrecht - 26 November 1637, Dordrecht) was Grand Pensionary of Holland between 1619 and 1621.	Andries de Witt	Dordrecht
place of death	Igor Śmiałowski (20 June 1917, Moscow, Russia -- 16 June 2006, Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish actor.	Igor Śmiałowski	Warsaw
place of death	Andreas Sigismund Marggraf (German: (ˈmaʀkɡʀaːf); 3 March 1709 -- 7 August 1782) was a German chemist from Berlin, then capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg, and a pioneer of analytical chemistry.	Andreas Sigismund Marggraf	Berlin
place of death	Johann Jakob Wepfer (December 23, 1620 -- January 26, 1695) was a Swiss pathologist and pharmacologist who was a native of Schaffhausen.	Johann Jakob Wepfer	Schaffhausen
place of death	Frederick Van Voorhies Holman (August 29, 1852 -- July 6, 1927) was a prominent lawyer and civic leader of the late 19th and early 20th centuries in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Frederick Van Voorhies Holman	Portland
place of death	Raoul Caudron born December 7, 1883 in Paris - died June 1, 1958 in Saint Étienne) was a French football Coach In 1930 Caudron coached France in the first FIFA World Cup.	Raoul Caudron	Saint Étienne
place of death	Bruno Kaiser (born and died Berlin: 5 February 1911 - 27 January 1982) was a Marxist scholar of German studies who became a journalist and, during the Nazi period, a resistance activist.	Bruno Kaiser	Berlin
place of death	Jurij Slatkonja (German: Georg von Slatkonia, also Jurij Chrysippus; 21 March 1456--26 April 1522) was a Carniolan choirmaster and the first residential Bishop of Vienna.	Jurij Slatkonja	Vienna
place of death	Henk Bruna (born 11 June 1916 in Utrecht, died 22 February 2008 in Huis ter Heide) was a Dutch publisher and director of the stationery and bookstore chain Bruna.	Henk Bruna	Huis ter Heide
place of death	Fleeing in 1917, they ended up in Geneva, in neutral Switzerland, where Emil Jellinek was temporarily arrested again.	Emil Jellinek	Geneva
place of death	Otto Krümmel (8 July 1854 Exin, Province of Posen -- 12 October 1912 Cologne) was a German geographer influential in awakening public interest in oceanography.	Otto Krümmel	Cologne
place of death	Adalbert Merx (2 November 1838 Bleicherode -- 6 August 1909 Heidelberg) was a German Protestant theologian and orientalist.	Adalbert Merx	Heidelberg
place of death	Đuka Lovrić (born 23 August 1927 in Sarajevo, Kingdom of Yugoslavia - died 20 February 1957 in Sarajevo, FPR Yugoslavia) was a Bosnian professional footballer.	Đuka Lovrić	Sarajevo
place of death	Blessed Vincent Romano (3 June 1751 - 20 December 1831), born Vincenzo Dominico Romano, was an Italian Roman Catholic priest born in Torre del Greco in Naples.	Vincent Romano	Torre del Greco
place of death	Louis d'Ailleboust de Coulonge (c. 1612, Ancy-le-Franc -- May 31, 1660, Montreal) was the French governor of New France from 1648 to 1651 and acting governor from 1657 to 1658.	Louis d'Ailleboust de Coulonge	Montreal
place of death	Demetrio Castillo Duany was born in Santiago de Cuba, into one of the leading families of the eastern region of Cuba and he went to France for his education.	Demetrio Castillo Duany	Santiago de Cuba
place of death	Paul Poiret (20 April 1879, Paris, France -- 30 April 1944, Paris) was a leading French fashion designer during the first two decades of the 20th century.	Paul Poiret	Paris
place of death	Mario Coppola (Rome, February 5, 1937 - Rome, March 5, 2011) was an Italian physicist active in the field of nuclear physics.	Mario Coppola	Rome
place of death	Emidio Taliani was born in Montegallo, and studied at the University of Rome, from where he obtained his doctorates in theology and in canon and civil law.	Emidio Taliani	Montegallo
place of death	Imre Hódos (January 10, 1928 in Hajdúnánás - April 23, 1989 in Debrecen) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Imre Hódos	Debrecen
place of death	Salamon Berger (25 February 1858 -- 11 January 1934) was a Croatian Jewish industrialist, textile trader, and founder and first director of the Ethnographic Museum in Zagreb.	Salamon Berger	Zagreb
place of death	Junior Wells (December 9, 1934 -- January 15, 1998), born Amos Wells Blakemore Jr., was an American Chicago blues vocalist, harmonica player, and recording artist.	Junior Wells	Chicago
place of death	István Örkény (5 April 1912, Budapest -- 24 June 1979, Budapest) was a Hungarian writer whose plays and novels often featured grotesque situations.	István Örkény	Budapest
place of death	Artúr Harmat (Bojná, 27 June 1885 - Budapest, 26 April 1962) was a Hungarian composer.	Artúr Harmat	Budapest
place of death	Friedrich Schulze, Friedrich Schulze-Colbitz or Friedrich Schulze-Kolbitz (8 or 18 March 1843 in Colbitz -- 30 July 1912 in Steglitz near Berlin; full name: Johann David Friedrich Otto Schulze) was a German architect and Prussian master of works.	Friedrich Schulze	Steglitz
place of death	Edgar Johan Kuusik (22 February 1888 in Valgjärve, Estonia -- 3 August 1974 in Tallinn, Soviet Union) was an Estonian architect (mostly freelance) and furniture and interior designer.	Edgar Johan Kuusik	Tallinn
place of death	Camillo Olivetti (August 1868 in Ivrea, Piedmont, Italy -- December 1943 in Biella, Italy) was an Italian electrical engineer and founder of Olivetti & Co., SpA., the Italian manufacturer of computers, printers and other business machines.	Camillo Olivetti	Biella
place of death	Bernard Jarre (or Garves) (died 1328) was a French Cardinal in the period of the Avignon papacy.	Bernard Jarre	Avignon
place of death	Vittorio Benussi (January 17, 1878 in Trieste -- November 24, 1927 in Padua) was an Italian psychologist.	Vittorio Benussi	Padua
place of death	Giti Pashaei (Persian: گیتی پاشایی, Born June 13, 1940 in Tehran , Iran -- Died May 7, 1995 in Tehran, Iran‎) was an Iranian singer and musician.	Giti Pashaei	Tehran
place of death	Hearing of his father's death in February 1391, Manuel II Palaiologos fled the Ottoman court and secured the capital against any potential claim by his nephew John VII. Although relations with John VII improved, Sultan Bayezid I besieged Constantinople from 1394 to 1402.	Manuel II Palaiologos	Constantinople
place of death	John Ross Robertson (December 28, 1841 -- May 31, 1918) was a Canadian newspaper publisher, politician, and philanthropist in Toronto, Ontario.	John Ross Robertson	Toronto
place of death	Marco Ajmone-Marsan (1859 -- Turin, 1918) was an Italian businessman.	Marco Ajmone-Marsan	Turin
place of death	Damayanthi (1927 -- 20 November 2010), better known by her stage name Kozhikode Santha Devi, was an Indian Malayalam film and stage actress.	Santha Devi	Kozhikode
place of death	Bernhard Wicki (28 October 1919 in St. Pölten, Austria -- 3 January 2000 in Munich) was an Austrian actor and film director.	Bernhard Wicki	Munich
place of death	Gustav Christian Schwabe died on 10 January 1897 at his home, 19 Kensington Palace Gardens, London.	Gustav Christian Schwabe	Kensington Palace Gardens
place of death	Julie Reisserová née Kühnlova (b. 9 October 1888, d. 25 February 1938, Prague) was a Czech composer and music publicist.	Julie Reisserová	Prague
place of death	Pietro Raimondi (December 20, 1786, Rome -- October 30, 1853) was an Italian composer, transitional between the Classical and Romantic eras.	Pietro Raimondi	Rome
place of death	Domingo Elizondo (c. 1710 - died 1 June 1783, Madrid) was a Spanish soldier from Navarre who lived in the late 18th century.	Domingo Elizondo	Madrid
place of death	François-Xavier Octavie Fontaine (7 November 1762 in Saint-Remy, Haute-Saône - 17 May 1812 in Paris) served in the French military in the American War of Independence, the French Revolutionary Wars, and the Napoleonic Wars.	François-Xavier Octavie Fontaine	Paris
place of death	Johann Christoph Frisch, an historical painter, was the son of the designer and engraver, Ferdinand Helfreich Frisch, and was born at Berlin in 1737.	Johann Christoph Frisch	Berlin
place of death	Walter Schnee (8 August 1885 in Rawitsch, now Rawicz -- 10 June 1958 in Leipzig) was a German mathematician	Walter Schnee	Leipzig
place of death	Sid Tickridge (10 April 1923 in Stepney -- 6 January 1997 in Canterbury) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea, Brentford and represented England at schoolboy level.	Sid Tickridge	Canterbury
place of death	Jim Novy (March 15, 1896 -- May 31, 1971) was an Austin, Texas businessman, entrepreneur, and philanthropist.	Jim Novy	Austin
place of death	On 11 January 1971, Deniz Gezmiş took part in the robbery of Emek branch of İş Bank/İş Bankasi(TR) in Ankara .	Deniz Gezmiş	Ankara
place of death	Pavle Bulatović (13 December 1948, Gornji Rovci, near Kolašin, Montenegro, Yugoslavia -- 7 February 2000, Belgrade) was Yugoslavia's interior minister from 1992 to 1993, and defense minister from 1993 until his murder in 2000.	Pavle Bulatović	Belgrade
place of death	Wunibald Kamm (April 26, 1893 in Basel -- October 11, 1966 in Stuttgart) was an automobile designer, engineer, and aerodynamicist.	Wunibald Kamm	Stuttgart
place of death	Johannes Meursius (van Meurs) (February 9, 1579, Loosduinen, near the Hague -- September 20, 1639, Sorø), was a Dutch classical scholar and antiquary.	Johannes Meursius	Sorø
place of death	Eugenio Spreafico (Monza, April 2, 1856 -- Magreglio, January 7, 1919) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes and genre works.	Eugenio Spreafico	Magreglio
place of death	Jaume Cuadrat i Realp (l'Albagés, 1899 - Barcelona, 1993) was a Catalan writer in both Catalan and French languages.	Jaume Cuadrat	Barcelona
place of death	Hans Freyer (born July 31, 1887 in Leipzig, died January 18, 1969 in Ebersteinburg near Baden-Baden) was a conservative German sociologist and philosopher.	Hans Freyer	Ebersteinburg
place of death	Lou Vernon (1888, Brisbane -- 1971, Sydney) was a popular Australian actor of stage, radio and screen.	Lou Vernon	Sydney
place of death	Anton van Wouw (27 December 1862, Driebergen - 30 July 1945, Pretoria) was a Dutch-born sculptor regarded as the father of South African sculpture.	Anton van Wouw	Pretoria
place of death	Margherita Aldobrandini (Capodimonte, Lazio, 29 March 1588 -- Parma, 9 August 1646) was a Duchess consort of Parma.	Margherita Aldobrandini	Parma
place of death	Job Eagles Stone (1860--1935) was a mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1909.	Job Eagles Stone	Toowoomba
place of death	Victor Gruen was born on July 18, 1903, in a middle-class Jewish family in Vienna, Austria.	Victor Gruen	Vienna
place of death	Professor William Thelwall Thomas MBE, ChM, FRCS (1865--1927) was a Welsh surgeon who worked in Liverpool.	William Thelwall Thomas	Liverpool
place of death	Charles Armand René de La Trémoille (14 January 1708, Paris -- 23 May 1741), 6th duc de Thouars, was the son of Charles Louis Bretagne de La Trémoille and his wife, Marie Madeleine Motier de la Fayette.	Charles Armand René de La Trémoille	Paris
place of death	Max Rothmann (April 26, 1868 - August 12, 1915) was a German neuroanatomist and physiologist who was a native of Berlin.	Max Rothmann	Berlin
place of death	Carl Anton von Meyer (in Russian: Карл Анто́нович фон Ме́йер, Karl Antonovich von Meyer) (1 April 1795 in Vitebsk - 24 February 1855 in Saint Petersburg) was a German, Russified botanist and explorer.	Carl Anton von Meyer	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Henry Brarens Sloman (28 August 1848 -- 24 October 1931) was a businessman and banker based in Hamburg, Germany.	Henry Brarens Sloman	Hamburg
place of death	Thomas Birch Freeman (9 December 1809 in Twyford, Hampshire -- 10 August 1890 in Accra) was a Methodist missionary and colonial official in West Africa.	Thomas Birch Freeman	Accra
place of death	Georg Franz Hoffmann was a German botanist and lichenologist, who was born January 13, 1760 in Marktbreit, Germany, and died March 17, 1826 in Moscow, Russia.	Georg Franz Hoffmann	Moscow
place of death	Jean de La Grange (a.k.a. Jean de Lagrange) (c.1325 -- April 25, 1402) was a French prelate and politician, active during the reigns of Charles V and Charles VI, and an important member of the papal curia at Avignon, at the time of the Western Schism.	Jean de La Grange	Avignon
place of death	Vishnu Ganesh Pingle was an Indian revolutionary and a member of the Ghadar Party who was one of those executed in 1915 following the Lahore conspiracy trial for his role in the Ghadar conspiracy.	Vishnu Ganesh Pingle	Lahore
place of death	Pedro Salinas y Serrano (27 November 1891, Madrid -- 4 December 1951, Boston) was a Spanish poet, a member of the Generation of '27, as well as a university teacher, scholar and literary critic.	Pedro Salinas	Boston
place of death	Nicolae Rădescu (Romanian pronunciation: (nikoˈla.e rəˈdesku); 30 March 1874, Călimănești -- 16 May 1953, New York City) was a Romanian army officer and political figure.	Nicolae Rădescu	New York City
place of death	Harald Leipnitz (22 April 1926 -- 21 November 2000) was a German actor, who was born in Wuppertal and died in Munich.	Harald Leipnitz	Munich
place of death	Erwin von Steinbach (c. 1244 -- 17 January 1318) was a German architect, and was a central figure in the construction of the Strasbourg Cathedral.	Erwin von Steinbach	Strasbourg
place of death	Imre König (Koenig) aka Mirko Kenig (Sept 2, 1901, Gyula, Hungary -- 1992, Santa Monica, California) was a Hungarian chess master.	Imre König	Santa Monica
place of death	Augustus Matthiessen, FRS (2 January 1831, London -- 6 October 1870, London), the son of a merchant, was a British chemist and physicist who obtained his PhD in Germany at the University of Gießen in 1852 with Johann Heinrich Buff.	Augustus Matthiessen	London
place of death	Herbert Hall Turner FRS (13 August 1861, Leeds -- 20 August 1930, Stockholm) was a British astronomer and seismologist.	Herbert Hall Turner	Stockholm
place of death	Joseph Désiré Tholozan was a Franco-Mauritians physician born on October 9, 1820 in Diego Garcia (Mauritius) and died on July 30, 1897 in Tehran (Iran).	Joseph Désiré Tholozan	Tehran
place of death	Eberhard Gothein (29 October 1853 in Neumarkt -- 13 November 1923 in Berlin) was a German Economist and Historian.	Eberhard Gothein	Berlin
place of death	Anthony Benezet, born Antoine Bénézet (January 31, 1713 -- May 3, 1784), was a French-born American abolitionist and educator who was active in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Anthony Benezet	Philadelphia
place of death	Carlo Poerio (1803-April 28, Naples - 1867, Florence) was an Italian poet, Risorgimento and 1848 Revolution activist, politician, and brother of Alessandro Poerio.	Carlo Poerio	Florence
place of death	Antonie Plămădeală (17 November 1926 in Stolniceni, Lăpuşna County, Bessarabia, Kingdom of Romania -- 29 August 2005 in Sibiu) was a high-level hierarch of the Romanian Orthodox Church, the Orthodox Metropolitan of Transylvania (1982--2005).	Antonie Plămădeală	Sibiu
place of death	Aloys Lütolf (born 23 July 1824, in Gettnau near Willisau, Switzerland; died at Lucerne, 8 April 1879) was a Swiss Catholic ecclesiastical historian.	Aloys Lütolf	Lucerne
place of death	Giuliana Stramigioli (Italian: (dʒuˈlja:na stramiˈdʒjɔ:li); Rome, 8 August 1914 -- Rome, 25 July 1988) was an Italian business woman, university professor and Japanologist.	Giuliana Stramigioli	Rome
place of death	Mitja Nikisch was a classical pianist and dance band leader, born in Leipzig, Germany on May 21, 1899 and died in Venice, Italy on August 5, 1936.	Mitja Nikisch	Venice
place of death	Willem Cornelisz Duyster (1599--1635) was a Dutch Golden Age painter from Amsterdam, best known for his ``guardroom scenes'' (cortegaarddje), genre paintings showing the military life.	Willem Cornelisz Duyster	Amsterdam
place of death	Onorio Marinari (1627 -- January 5, 1715) was an Italian painter and printmaker of the Baroque period, active mainly in Florence.	Onorio Marinari	Florence
place of death	Harmen van Bol'es (Amsterdam 1689 - Saint-Petersburg 1764) was a royal master builder in Russia.	Harmen van Bol'es	Saint-Petersburg
place of death	On August 5, 1881, after a long simmering feud, Crow Dog shot and killed Chief Spotted Tail on the Rosebud Indian Reservation.	Spotted Tail	Rosebud Indian Reservation
place of death	Aimé-Jules Dalou (31 December 1838, in Paris -- 15 April 1902, in Paris) was a French sculptor, recognized as one of the most brilliant virtuosos of nineteenth-century France, admired for his perceptiveness, execution, and unpretentious realism.	Jules Dalou	Paris
place of death	Wilhelm Michaelsen (born 9 October 1860 in Hamburg, Germany, died 18 February 1937) was a German zoologist.	Wilhelm Michaelsen	Hamburg
place of death	Leopold Gratz (November 4, 1929, Vienna -- March 2, 2006, Vienna) was an Austrian politician.	Leopold Gratz	Vienna
place of death	Adolph Kolping (December 8, 1813 in Kerpen -- December 4, 1865 in Cologne) was a German Catholic priest, who has been beatified by the Catholic Church.	Adolph Kolping	Cologne
place of death	Blessed Theodore Romzha (Rusyn: Теодор Ромжа, Hungarian: Tódor György Romzsa, 14 April 1911 -- 31 October 1947) was bishop of the Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Mukacheve from 1944 to 1947.	Theodore Romzha	Mukacheve
place of death	Renée Aspe (3 October 1922 -- 17 September 1969) was a French artist who lived and worked in Toulouse and Sète.	Renée Aspe	Toulouse
place of death	Allan Arthur Willman (variant spellings Alan & Wilman; né Allan Arthur Simpkins; 11 May 1909 Hinckley, Illinois 7 May 1989 Cheyenne, Wyoming) was an American classical pianist, composer, music pedagog at the collegiate level, and longtime chairman of the Department of Music at the University of Wyoming.	Allan Arthur Willman	Cheyenne
place of death	Born in Jakarta of mixed Chinese-Indonesian descent, Chrisye became interested in music at an early age.	Chrisye	Jakarta
place of death	František Lydie Gahura (October 10, 1891, Zlín -- September 15, 1958, Brno) was a Czech architect and sculptor who became famous for his collaboration on the architectural and urban design of Zlín, a city in southeastern Czech Republic.	František Lydie Gahura	Brno
place of death	His parents, Italians emigrated to Uruguay, and later -- when Francisco Canaro was less than 10 years old, they emigrated to Buenos Aires (Argentina) in the late nineteenth century.	Francisco Canaro	Buenos Aires
place of death	Carl Hagemann (April 9, 1867 in Essen -- November 20, 1940 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German chemist, industrial manager and one of the most important German art collectors and patrons in the first half of the 20th Century.	Carl Hagemann	Frankfurt
place of death	Anne Crawford (born Imelda Crawford; 22 November 1920 in Haifa -- 17 October 1956 in London) was a British film actress.	Anne Crawford	London
place of death	Mary Barclay died on 19 February 2008 at a nursing home in Guernsey at the age of 91.	Mary Barclay	Guernsey
place of death	Lancelot Royle was the son of Rev. Vernon Royle, the famous test cricketer, and grew up at Stanmore Park, north of London.	Lancelot Royle	London
place of death	Kafeel Ahmed (1 January 1979 -- 2 August 2007) was one of two Islamic terrorists behind the 2007 London car bombs plot and the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack.	Kafeel Ahmed	Glasgow
place of death	Berard of Carbio, O.F.M., was a Franciscan friar who was executed in Morocco due to his attempts to promote Christianity, a thirteenth-century saint and martyr.	Berard of Carbio	Morocco
place of death	John Engh (5 June 1915 in New York City -- 5 December 1996 in Bærum) was a Norwegian architect, most known for his innovative work in stone and concrete.	John Engh	Bærum
place of death	Count Frederick IV of Oettingen (d. 19 September 1415 in Eichstätt) was archbishop of Eichstätt from 1383 until his death.	Frederick IV of Oettingen	Eichstätt
place of death	Klaus Fischer-Dieskau (Berlin, 2 January 1921 -- 19 December 1994) was a German church musician and director of the Berlin Hugo-Distler Choir 1953-1989.	Klaus Fischer-Dieskau	Berlin
place of death	James Tyrie (b. at Drumkilbo, Perthshire, Scotland, 1543; d. at Rome, 27 May 1597) was a Scottish Jesuit theologian.	James Tyrie	Rome
place of death	Aspazija was the pen name of Elza Pliekšāne (born Elza Rozenberga; March 16, 1865 -- November 5, 1943 in Jūrmala), a Latvian poet and playwright.	Aspazija	Jūrmala
place of death	In declining health, Paul Harris Nicolas died in Notting Hill, London, on 1 May 1860.	Paul Harris Nicolas	Notting Hill
place of death	Walter Assef (May 31, 1913 -- January 14, 1988) was a Canadian politician, and former Vaudevillian, who served as mayor of the city of Thunder Bay, Ontario.	Walter Assef	Thunder Bay
place of death	Gottfried Kirch (Kirche, Kirkius) (December 18, 1639 -- July 25, 1710) was a German astronomer and the first 'Astronomer Royal' in Berlin and, as such, director of the nascent Berlin Observatory.	Gottfried Kirch	Berlin
place of death	Louis Fürnberg (May 24, 1909 in Jihlava (Iglau) -- June 1957, Weimar) was a Czechoslovak-German writer, poet and journalist, composer and diplomat of Jewish descent.	Louis Fürnberg	Weimar
place of death	Fritz Mackensen (born 8 April 1866 in Greene, near Kreiensen, Duchy of Brunswick -- 12 May 1953 in Bremen) was a German painter of the Düsseldorf school of painting and Art Nouveau.	Fritz Mackensen	Bremen
place of death	After living in Addis Ababa quietly for a little over a year, Princess Tenagnework and a few of the other members of the imperial family were allowed to depart into exile.	Princess Tenagnework	Addis Ababa
place of death	Vjenceslav Novak (Senj September 11, 1859 - Zagreb September 20, 1905) was a Croatian Realist writer, dramatist, and music historian.	Vjenceslav Novak	Zagreb
place of death	Giuseppe Antonio Ermenegildo Prisco (8 September 1833 -- 4 February 1923) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, who served as Archbishop of Naples.	Giuseppe Antonio Ermenegildo Prisco	Naples
place of death	Jaume Ferran i Clua (Corbera d'Ebre, 1851 -- Barcelona 1929) was a Spanish bacteriologist and sanitarian, contemporary of Koch, and said by his fellows to have made some of the discoveries attributed to Koch.	Jaume Ferran i Clua	Barcelona
place of death	Romolo Venucci (1903--1976) was an Italian painter and sculptor from Rijeka (then Fiume, Hungary).	Romolo Venucci	Rijeka
place of death	Friederike Sophie Seyler or F.S. Seyler, formerly Friederike Sophie Hensel (1737 or 1738, Dresden -- 22 November 1789, Schleswig, née Sparmann; also referred to as Sophie Friederike), was a German actress, playwright and librettist.	Friederike Sophie Seyler	Schleswig
place of death	Henry I of Cyprus, nicknamed the Fat, aka Henry of Lusignan or Henri I le Gros de Lusignan (May 3, 1217 -- January 18, 1253 at Nicosia) was King of Cyprus from 1218 to 1253.	Henry I of Cyprus	Nicosia
place of death	Fritz Pfleumer (20 March 1881 in Salzburg -- 29 August 1945 in Radebeul) was a German-Austrian engineer who invented magnetic tape for recording sound.	Fritz Pfleumer	Radebeul
place of death	William C. Dowlan (21 September 1882, in St. Paul, Minnesota -- 6 November 1947, in Los Angeles California) was an American silent film actor, and director Dowlan initially began as an actor in films in 1912 but in 1915 became interested in directing and began simultaneously acting and directing.	William C. Dowlan	Los Angeles
place of death	Bertie Crewe (1860 -- 10 January 1937 in London) was one of the leading English theatre architects in the boom of 1885 to 1915.	Bertie Crewe	London
place of death	Johannes François Snelleman (Rotterdam, 26 December 1852 -- The Hague, 18 May 1938) was a Dutch zoologist, orientalist, ethnographer and museum director.	Johannes François Snelleman	The Hague
place of death	Jiří Kroha (5 June 1893, Prague -- 7 June 1974, Prague) was a Czech architect, painter, sculptor, scenographer, designer and pedagogue.	Jiří Kroha	Prague
place of death	Francisco Casavella, pseudonym of Francisco Garcia Hortelano, (Barcelona, October 15, 1963 -- December 17, 2008) was a Spanish novelist.	Francisco Casavella	Barcelona
place of death	Alexander Pavlovich Vinogradov (Russian: Александр Павлович Виноградов) (August 21, 1895, Petretsovo, Yaroslavl Oblast - November 16, 1975, Moscow) was a Soviet geochemist, academician (1953), and Hero of Socialist Labor (1949, 1975).	Alexander Pavlovich Vinogradov	Moscow
place of death	Caspar Georg Carl Reinwardt (5 June 1773, Lüttringhausen -- 6 March 1854, Leiden) was a Prussian-born Dutch botanist.	Caspar Georg Carl Reinwardt	Leiden
place of death	Stephen Mix Mitchell (December 9, 1743 -- September 30, 1835) was an American lawyer, jurist, and statesman from Wethersfield, Connecticut.	Stephen Mix Mitchell	Wethersfield
place of death	Ahmad Fardid (Persian: سید احمد فردید‎‎) (Born in 1909, Yazd -- 16 August 1994, Tehran) was a prominent Iranian philosopher and an inspiring and dedicated professor of Tehran University.	Ahmad Fardid	Tehran
place of death	Jan Zdeněk Bartoš (4 June 1908, Dvůr Králové nad Labem -- 1 June 1981, Prague) was a Czech composer.	Jan Zdeněk Bartoš	Prague
place of death	Austen Kark died at the age of 75 in the Potters Bar rail crash, in which his wife was severely injured.	Austen Kark	Potters Bar
place of death	Mary Linwood (1755--1845) was a needle woman who exhibited her worsted embroidery or crewel embroidery in Leicester and London, and was the school mistress of a private school later known as Mary Linwood Comprehensive School.	Mary Linwood	London
place of death	François Auguste Victor Grignard (May 6, 1871 in Cherbourg - December 13, 1935 in Lyon) was a Nobel Prize-winning French chemist.	Victor Grignard	Lyon
place of death	François-Philippe Charpentier (b. Blois, 1734; d. there 22 July 1817) was a French engraver and inventor.	François-Philippe Charpentier	Blois
place of death	Theodor von Holleben (18 September 1838 Stettin, Pomerania -- 31 January 1913 Berlin) was a German diplomat.	Theodor von Holleben	Berlin
place of death	Cipriano Ferrandini (1823--1910) was a hairdresser from Corsica who emigrated to the United States, and established himself as the long-time barber and hairdresser in the basement of Barnum's Hotel, in Baltimore, Maryland.	Cipriano Ferrandini	Baltimore
place of death	Hyperbolus went to live on the island of Samos where he was murdered in 411 BC by oligarchic revolutionaries around the time of the coup of the 400 that for several months suppressed the democracy at Athens.	Hyperbolus	Samos
place of death	Eduard Zimmermann was born on 4 February 1929 in Alte Heide in the borough of Schwabing-Freimann in Munich, Germany to a teenage mother who worked as a waitress.	Eduard Zimmermann	Munich
place of death	Liane Berkowitz was born in Berlin, the daughter of conductor Victor Vasilyev and his wife, the singing teacher Catherine Jewsienko.	Liane Berkowitz	Berlin
place of death	Ethelbert Stauffer (May 8, 1902, in Friedelsheim -- August 1, 1979 in Erlangen) was a German Protestant theologian and numismatist.	Ethelbert Stauffer	Erlangen
place of death	Don Martín García Óñez de Loyola (1549 in Azpeitia, Gipuzkoa -- December 24, 1598 at Curalaba) was a Spanish Basque soldier and Royal Governor of the Captaincy General of Chile.	Martín García Óñez de Loyola	Chile
place of death	Lupold of Bebenburg (German: Lupold von Bebenberg; died 1363) was the Bishop of Bamberg from 1353, as Leopold III. He is best known for his political writings.	Lupold of Bebenburg	Bamberg
place of death	Napoleone Parisani (11 April 1854, Camerino - 20 September 1932, Rome) was an Italian landscape and occasional portrait painter.	Napoleone Parisani	Rome
place of death	John Munroe continued serving in the Army until his death on 26 April 1861 in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	John Munroe	New Brunswick
place of death	Charles Jacques Édouard Morren (1833 - 1886), was a Belgian botanist, professor of botany and director of the Jardin botanique de l'Université de Liège from 1857-1886.	Charles Jacques Édouard Morren	Liège
place of death	Ezio Maria Gray (born 9 October 1885 in Novara, Piedmont - died 8 February 1969 in Rome) was an Italian politician and journalist.	Ezio Maria Gray	Rome
place of death	Hans Bobek (17 May 1903 in Klagenfurt -- 15 February 1990 in Vienna) was an Austrian geographer.	Hans Bobek	Vienna
place of death	A native of the village of Brantham in the Babergh district of South Suffolk, Basil Acres began his career in his home parish, before signing with Ipswich Town F.C. in July 1951.	Basil Acres	Ipswich
place of death	Howard Spencer (23 August 1875, Edgbaston, Birmingham -- January 1940, Sutton Coldfield) was one of Aston Villa's all-time greatest players.	Howard Spencer	Sutton Coldfield
place of death	Robert von Haug (27 May 1857, Stuttgart - 3 April 1922, Stuttgart) was a German impressionist painter, illustrator and lithographer who specialized in scenes from the ``Befreiungskriege''.	Robert von Haug	Stuttgart
place of death	Ernst Ferdinand Klein (3 September 1744 in Wrocław -- 18 March 1810 in Berlin) was a German jurist and prominent representative of the Berlin Enlightenment.	Ernst Ferdinand Klein	Berlin
place of death	Bryan Montgomery was born in 1946 in San Angelo, Texas; he died in 2008 in Malibu, California.	Bryan Montgomery	Malibu
place of death	Sergio Morin (September 16, 1931 in Monfalcone - October 12, 2010) was an Italian professional footballer.	Sergio Morin	Monfalcone
place of death	Wincenty Rzymowski (19 July 1883 in Mława -- 30 April 1950 in Warsaw) was a Polish politician and writer.	Wincenty Rzymowski	Warsaw
place of death	Floyd Dell died in Bethesda, Maryland, near Washington, D.C., on July 23 , 1969.	Floyd Dell	Bethesda
place of death	Narciso López (Caracas, November 2, 1797 -- Havana, September 1, 1851) was a Venezuelan adventurer and soldier, best known for four expeditions aimed at liberating Cuba from Spain in the 1850s.	Narciso López	Havana
place of death	László Fejes Tóth (Hungarian: Fejes Tóth László, pronounced (ˈfɛjɛʃ ˈtoːt ˈlaːsloː) Szeged, 12 March 1915 -- Budapest, 17 March 2005) was a Hungarian mathematician who specialized in geometry.	László Fejes Tóth	Budapest
place of death	Carlos Luis Federico de Brandsen (Paris, November 28, 1785 -- Battle of Ituzaingó, February 20, 1827) was a Coronel of French origin who fought in many of the South American wars of independence and for Argentina in the War with Brazil.	Federico de Brandsen	Battle of Ituzaingó
place of death	Arcadi Mas i Fondevila, or Fontdevila (12 November 1852, Barcelona - 31 January 1934, Sitges), was a Catalonian painter and graphic artist.	Arcadi Mas i Fondevila	Sitges
place of death	Pat Hanna (born George Patrick Hanna, 18 March 1888 Whitianga, New Zealand; died 24 October 1973 Ampthill, Bedfordshire, England) was a New Zealand soldier of the First World War who entertained postwar audiences with Digger travelling stage shows and films.	Pat Hanna	Ampthill
place of death	Jean-Louis Victor Grisart (Paris, 28 June 1797 - Paris, 14 May 1877) was a French architect.	Jean-Louis Victor Grisart	Paris
place of death	Abraham Genoels II or Abraham Genouil (nickname: Archimedes) (1640, Antwerp --1723, Antwerp) was a Flemish Baroque painter, draughtsman and engraver now mainly known for his landscape drawings and etchings.	Abraham Genoels	Antwerp
place of death	Johann Baptist Streicher (3 January 1796, Vienna -- 28 March 1871, Vienna) was an Austrian piano maker.	Johann Baptist Streicher	Vienna
place of death	Werner Villinger (9 October 1887 in Besigheim -- 8 August 1961 near Innsbruck) was a Nazi German psychiatrist, neurologist, eugenicist and the leading physician at the Bethel Institution (``Anstalt Bethel'').	Werner Villinger	Innsbruck
place of death	Jan Styka (April 8, 1858 in Lwów -- April 11, 1925 in Rome) was a Polish painter noted for producing large historical, battle-piece, and Christian religious panoramas.	Jan Styka	Rome
place of death	Selahattin Ülkümen (14 January 1914 in Antakya -- 7 June 2003 in Istanbul) was a Turkish diplomat and consul in Rhodes during the Second World War, who assisted many local Jews to escape the Holocaust.	Selahattin Ülkümen	Istanbul
place of death	Ivan Nikitich Konev was born on 5 January 1899 in Sheshminskaya village in Samara Governorate to a peasant family.	Ivan Nikitich Konev	Samara
place of death	Richard Specht (7 December 1870, Vienna - 19 March 1932) was an Austrian lyricist, dramatist, musicologist and writer.	Richard Specht	Vienna
place of death	Françoise Adnet (30 June 1924 - 9 March 2014) was a French figurative painter born in Paris.	Françoise Adnet	Paris
place of death	Felix Maria von Exner-Ewarten (23 August 1876 in Vienna -- 7 February 1930, Vienna) was an Austrian meteorologist and geophysicist.	Felix Maria von Exner-Ewarten	Vienna
place of death	Erasmo Bartoli Filippino or Erasmo di Bartolo, called padre Raimo (1606--1656), was an Italian priest, composer, and teacher at the conservatories in Naples.	Erasmo di Bartolo	Naples
place of death	Victor Mayer Amédée Mannheim (17 July 1831, Paris, France -- 11 December 1906, Paris, France) was the inventor of the modern slide rule.	Amédée Mannheim	Paris
place of death	Paw Oo Thet (Burmese: ပေါ်ဦးသက်, pronounced: (pɔ̀ ʔù θɛʔ); 1936 -- 13 April 1993) was a Burmese painter, prominent in the Mandalay art scene who became one of the initiators of a modernistic art movement in Burma in the early 1960s.	Paw Oo Thet	Mandalay
place of death	Joseph Hermann Schmidt (1804--1852) was professor of Obstetrics in Berlin, and official of the Prussian cultural ministry.	Joseph Hermann Schmidt	Berlin
place of death	Rosario Maceo (Sr.), also known as Papa Rose or Rose Maceo, was a Sicilian immigrant and organized crime boss in Galveston, Texas in the United States.	Rosario Maceo	Galveston
place of death	Erwin Stresemann (22 November 1889, Dresden -- 20 November 1972, East Berlin) was a German naturalist and ornithologist.	Erwin Stresemann	Berlin
place of death	Paul the Silentiary, also known as Paulus Silentiarius (Greek: Παῦλος ὁ Σιλεντιάριος, d. Constantinople, 575-580 AD), was a Greek poet.	Paul the Silentiary	Constantinople
place of death	Karl Lennert, M.D. (June 4, 1921 in Fürth, Germany -- August 27, 2012 in Kiel, Germany) was a German physician and pathologist.	Karl Lennert	Kiel
place of death	Johannes Stenrat (sometimes Hans Stenrat, Stenradh, Stenrat of Lübeck, Stenrode, Steynrot) c. 1410-1484) was a German Northern renaissance wood carver and painter, active in Lübeck.	Johannes Stenrat	Lübeck
place of death	Pietro Gaudenzi (January 18, 1880 in Genoa -- December 23, 1955 in Anticoli Corrado, near Rome) was an Italian painter.	Pietro Gaudenzi	Anticoli Corrado
place of death	Conrad Graf (17 November 1782 in Riedlingen, Württemberg -- 18 March 1851 in Vienna) was an Austrian-German piano maker.	Conrad Graf	Vienna
place of death	César De Paepe (12 July 1841 in Ostend, Belgium - 1890 in Cannes, France) was a medical doctor and a prominent syndicalist whose work strongly influenced the Industrial Workers of the World and the syndicalist movement in general.	César De Paepe	Cannes
place of death	On 11 March 1918, Attilio Imolesi died in the field hospital in Marostica.	Attilio Imolesi	Marostica
place of death	Joseph Netzer (born 20 February 1826 in Martelange; died 21 June 1901 in Arlon) was mayor of Arlon from 1880 until 1901.	Joseph Netzer	Arlon
place of death	Cornelis Boeke (25 September 1884, Alkmaar - 3 July 1966, Abcoude), usually known as Kees Boeke, was a Dutch reformist educator, Quaker missionary and pacifist.	Kees Boeke	Abcoude
place of death	Jan Jindřich Marek (Liblín, 1803--Kralovice, 1853), known also by his nom de plume Jan z Hvězdy, was a Czech priest and poet.	Jan Jindřich Marek	Kralovice
place of death	George Tosh died in 1900, in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire.	George Tosh	Scunthorpe
place of death	Lee Mullican (December 2, 1919 in Chickasha, Oklahoma -- July 8, 1998 in Santa Monica, California) was a painter and art teacher, and an influential member of the Dynaton Movement.	Lee Mullican	Santa Monica
place of death	Geoffrey Rufus (died 1141) was a medieval Bishop of Durham and Lord Chancellor of England.	Geoffrey Rufus	Durham
place of death	Jean-Louis Baudelocque (November 30, 1745 -- May 2, 1810) was a French obstetrician who studied and practiced medicine in Paris.	Jean-Louis Baudelocque	Paris
place of death	Saint Altfrid (or Altfrid of Hildesheim) (died 15 August 874) was a leading figure in Germany in the ninth century.	Altfrid	Hildesheim
place of death	Soh Hang-suen (10 October 1951 -- 12 June 2013), (alternatively romanised as So Hung-shuen), was a Hong Kong actress.	Soh Hang-suen	Hong Kong
place of death	Arpad Joó (born, Budapest, Hungary, 1948; died 4 July 2014, Singapore) was a Hungarian conductor and concert pianist.	Arpad Joó	Singapore
place of death	Mikhail Minin was born in 1922 in the village of Vanino, in western Russia's Pskov Oblast.	Mikhail Minin	Pskov
place of death	Peter Bamm (a pen name; his real name was Curt Emmrich; 20 October 1897 in Hochneukirch, now part of Jüchen, Germany -- 30 March 1975 in Zollikon, Switzerland) was a German writer.	Peter Bamm	Zollikon
place of death	John Francis Queeny (August 17, 1859 -- March 19, 1933) born in Chicago, founded the Monsanto Company in St. Louis, Missouri, as Monsanto Chemical Works, on November 30, 1901, with $5,000.	John Francis Queeny	St. Louis
place of death	Géza Hofi (born Géza Hoffmann, July 2, 1936 in Budapest; died April 10, 2002 in Budapest) was a Hungarian actor and comedian.	Géza Hofi	Budapest
place of death	Julio César Castro, also known as Juceca (Montevideo, 6 May 1928 - Ib., 11 September 2003) was an Uruguayan comedian, narrator, actor and dramatist.	Julio César Castro	Montevideo
place of death	Franz Joseph Molitor, or Joseph Franz Molitor (July 7, 1779, Oberursel/Taunus - March 23, 1860 Frankfurt/Main) was a German writer and philosopher.	Joseph Franz Molitor	Frankfurt
place of death	Hyacinthe Camille Teisseire (22 September 1764 -- 12 September 1842) was a French politician and businessman prominent in the civic and industrial life of Grenoble, the city of his birth, during the first half of the 19th century.	Camille Teisseire	Grenoble
place of death	Absamat Masaliyevich Masaliyev (Абсамат Масалиевич Масалиев) (April 10, 1933, Alysh, Osh oblast, Kyrgyz SSR -- July 31, 2004, Bishkek) was the leader of the Kyrgyz Soviet Socialist Republic before it gained independence, and led the Party of Communists of Kyrgyzstan after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.	Absamat Masaliyev	Bishkek
place of death	Fritz Hoffmann, later Fritz Hoffmann-La Roche (1868, Basel (French: Bâle) -- 1920, Basel) was the founder of the Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. (French: F. Hoffmann-La Roche SA, German: die F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG).	Fritz Hoffmann-La Roche	Basel
place of death	Ulrich Roski (4 March 1944, Prüm, Rhine Province -- 20 February 2003, Berlin) was a German singer-songwriter who achieved his greatest successes in the 1970s.	Ulrich Roski	Berlin
place of death	José Iglesias de la Casa (31 October 1748, Salamanca -- 26 August 1791, Carbajosa de la Sagrada) was a Spanish priest and poet.	José Iglesias de la Casa	Carbajosa de la Sagrada
place of death	Laudelino Mejías, b. (Trujillo, Venezuela, August, 1893), d. (Caracas, Venezuela, November 30, 1963), was a Venezuelan composer, best known for the waltz Conticinio.	Laudelino Mejías	Caracas
place of death	Jules Édouard Valtat, who was born August 7, 1838 in Troyes and died for his country during the Siege of Paris in January 1871, was a French sculptor.	Jules Édouard Valtat	Paris
place of death	Antonio Labacco was a 16th-century architect, engraver, and writer about the architecture of classical Rome.	Antonio Labacco	Rome
place of death	Bernard Lamy (15 June 1640, in Le Mans, France--29 January 1715, in Rouen, France) was a French Oratorian, mathematician and theologian.	Bernard Lamy	Rouen
place of death	Richard Baldus (11 May 1885, Salonika -- 28 January 1945, Munich) was a German mathematician, specializing in geometry.	Richard Baldus	Munich
place of death	Joan Llimona (1860-1926) was a catalonian artist who rose to popularity at end of the Romantic movement in Europe, Llimona was a key contributor to the modernist movement Llimona was born in Barcelona in 1860 and passed away in 1926 in his hometown of Barcelona.	Joan Llimona	Barcelona
place of death	Agostino Bonisoli (1633--1700) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, who was born and worked mainly in Cremona.	Agostino Bonisoli	Cremona
place of death	Jonas Platt Goodsell (1819 Utica, Oneida County, New York - November 22, 1869 Durhamville, Oneida County, New York) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York.	Jonas Platt Goodsell	Durhamville
place of death	Michel-Étienne Turgot (9 June 1690, in Paris -- 1 February 1751, in Paris) was prévôt des marchands de Paris (``Master of the merchants of Paris'', i.e. Mayor of Paris) from 1729 to 1740.	Michel-Étienne Turgot	Paris
place of death	Marguerite Gourdan, née Stock (Béziers - 28 September 1783 in Paris) was a French brothel owner and procurer in 18th-century Paris.	Marguerite Gourdan	Paris
place of death	Jean Guillaume (Fosses-la-Ville, 28 October 1918 -- Namur, 9 February 2001) was a Belgian writer in Wallon.	Jean Guillaume	Namur
place of death	André Renard (Valenciennes 25 May 1911 - Seraing 20 July 1962), was the leader of an important tendency in Walloon trade unionism.	André Renard	Seraing
place of death	Lajos Gulácsy (Budapest, 1882 - Budapest, 1932) was a Hungarian painter with works collected by the Hungarian National Gallery.	Lajos Gulácsy	Budapest
place of death	Barrington Dacres appears to have been in poor health and died at Bath, Somerset on 25 October 1806.	Barrington Dacres	Bath
place of death	Yevhen Shcherban (Ukrainian: Євген Олександрович Щербань, January 18, 1946, Kostiantynivka--November 3, 1996, Donetsk) was a Ukrainian businessman and politician.	Yevhen Shcherban	Donetsk
place of death	Giovanni Sante Gaspero Santini (b. Caprese in Tuscany, 30 Jan., 1787; d. Noventa Padovana, 26 June 1877) was an Italian astronomer and mathematician.	Giovanni Sante Gaspero Santini	Noventa Padovana
place of death	Samuel Brawand (born 18 May 1898 in Grindelwald, Switzerland, died 11 July 2001 in Grindelwald) was a Swiss politician (SP) and mountaineer.	Samuel Brawand	Grindelwald
place of death	Sukumari died on 26 March 2013, following a heart attack while under treatment for burn injuries she received while lighting the pooja lamp at her residence in Chennai.	Sukumari	Chennai
place of death	In April, 1928, Li Zongren, with Bai Chongxi, led the Fourth Army group to advance on Beijing, capturing Handan, Baoding, and Shijiazhuang by June 1.	Li Zongren	Beijing
place of death	Jean Turcan (Arles, 13 September 1846 -- Arles, 3 January 1895) was a French sculptor who specialized particularly in public figures.	Jean Turcan	Arles
place of death	Emil Bock (born May 19, 1895 in Barmen, died December 6, 1959 in Stuttgart) was a German anthroposophist, author, theologian and one of the founders of The Christian Community.	Emil Bock	Stuttgart
place of death	Martin Gustav Nottebohm (12 November 1817, Lüdenscheid, Westphalia -- 29 October 1882, Graz) was a pianist, teacher, musical editor and composer who spent most of his career in Vienna.	Gustav Nottebohm	Graz
place of death	Robertine Barry (26 February 1863 -- 7 January 1910), pseudonym Françoise, was an early French Canadian journalist and publisher and a popular member of Montreal society.	Robertine Barry	Montreal
place of death	André-Gaston Prételat (14 November 1874, Wassy, Champagne, France -- 6 December 1969, Paris, France) was a general in the French Army.	André-Gaston Prételat	Paris
place of death	Jakob Weis (13 May 1879, Ommersheim, Saarpfalz - 18 March 1948, Zweibrücken) was a priest in the Diocese of Speyer, who also worked as a prison chaplain.	Jakob Weis	Zweibrücken
place of death	Erwin Straus (11 November 1891, Frankfurt am Main -- 20 May 1975, Lexington, Kentucky) was a German-American phenomenologist and neurologist who helped to pioneer anthropological medicine and psychiatry, a holistic approach to medicine that is critical of mechanistic and reductionistic approaches to understanding and treating human beings.	Erwin Straus	Lexington
place of death	Carlos García-Bedoya Zapata (November 7, 1925; Lima - October 2, 1980; Lima) was a Peruvian diplomat.	Carlos García-Bedoya	Lima
place of death	Carl Almenräder (3 October 1786 in Ronsdorf (Wuppertal) -- 14 September 1846 in Biebrich) was a German performer, teacher and composer.	Carl Almenräder	Biebrich
place of death	Victor-Charles Mahillon (March 10, 1841 in Brussels -- June 17, 1924 in Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat, France) was a Belgian musician and writer on musical topics.	Victor-Charles Mahillon	Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat
place of death	Leszek Błażyński (5 March 1949, Ełk, Warmińsko-Mazurskie -- 6 August 1992, Katowice, Śląskie) was a Polish boxer who twice won the bronze medal in the men's flyweight (-- 51 kg) division at the Summer Olympics.	Leszek Błażyński	Katowice
place of death	Sarmad Tariq (also known as ``the chairman'') was a storyteller and motivational speaker from Islamabad, Pakistan.	Sarmad Tariq	Islamabad
place of death	David Allan Young, Jr. (May 26, 1915, Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania - June 8, 1991, Louisville, Kentucky), was an American entomologist who specialized in the taxonomy of the Cicadellidae and authored a comprehensive treatment of the family with numerous genera and species described and named by him.	David Allan Young	Louisville
place of death	Meir Balaban or Majer Samuel Bałaban (3 March (O.S. 20 February) 1877, 18 Adar (5)637, Lviv - 26 December 1942, Tevet (5)702, Warsaw Ghetto) was one of the most outstanding historians of Polish and Galician Jews, and the founder of Polish Jewish historiography.	Meir Balaban	Warsaw
place of death	Marguerite Whitten (23 February 1913, Greenville, Mississippi, USA -- 25 December 1990, Los Angeles County, California, USA) was an American film actress appearing in 14 films between 1938 and 1943, often with actor Mantan Moreland.	Marguerite Whitten	Los Angeles County
place of death	Gertrud Morneweg (d. 1301), was a business person and banker in Lübeck in the 13th-century.	Gertrud Morneweg	Lübeck
place of death	Mohammed Khadda (14 March 1930, Mostaganem, Algeria -- 4 May 1991, Algiers, Algeria) was an Algerian painter, sculptor, and writer.	Mohammed Khadda	Algiers
place of death	Girolamo Lucenti (1627--1692) was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period, active in Rome.	Girolamo Lucenti	Rome
place of death	Josef Jakobs (30 June 1898 -- 15 August 1941) was a German spy and the last person to be executed at the Tower of London.	Josef Jakobs	Tower of London
place of death	Sankaran Kutty Pottekkatt (Malayalam: ശങ്കരൻ കുട്ടി പൊറ്റെക്കാട്ട്; 14 March 1913 -- 6 August 1982), popularly known as S. K. Pottekkatt (Malayalam: എസ്.കെ. പൊറ്റെക്കാട്ട്), was a famous Malayalam writer from Kerala state, South India.	S. K. Pottekkatt	Kerala
place of death	Oscar Hammerstein I (8 May 1846 -- 1 August 1919) was a German-born businessman, theater impresario and composer in New York City.	Oscar Hammerstein I	New York City
place of death	Abdelaziz Thâalbi's father was a notary whose family moved to Tunis after the 1830 French occupation of Algeria.	Abdelaziz Thâalbi	Tunis
place of death	Louis-Léonce Trullet (Saint-Tropez, 6 October 1756 -- Toulon, 1 February 1827) was a French Navy officer.	Louis-Léonce Trullet	Toulon
place of death	David Dunbar Buick (September 17, 1854 -- March 5, 1929) was a Scottish-born American Detroit-based inventor, best known for founding the Buick Motor Company.	David Dunbar Buick	Detroit
place of death	David Ossipovitch Widhopff (Russian - Давид Осипович Видгоф) (1867, Odessa - 1933, Saint-Clair-sur-Epte) was a Russian and French painter, caricaturist and poster artist.	David Ossipovitch Widhopff	Saint-Clair-sur-Epte
place of death	Max Kohnstamm was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands, the son of Philip Kohnstamm, a physicist, philosopher and pedagogue of Jewish-German origin.	Max Kohnstamm	Amsterdam
place of death	Frank Kearns died of cancer on August 1, 1986 at age 68 at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City.	Frank Kearns	New York City
place of death	Laura Bullion moved to Memphis, Tennessee in 1918, posing as a war widow and using assumed names.	Laura Bullion	Memphis
place of death	Si Mohand ou-Mhand n At Hmadouch, also known as Si Mhand, (Icerɛiwen, Tizi Rached, about 1848 - Ain El Hammam, 28 December 1905) was a widely known Berber poet from Kabylie in Algeria.	Si Mohand	Ain El Hammam
place of death	Jovan Pačić (Baja, November 6, 1771 - Budapest, December 4, 1849) was a Serbian soldier, poet, writer, translator, illustrator and painter.	Jovan Pačić	Budapest
place of death	Liddle Towers (died 9 February 1976) was a 39-year-old electrician and amateur boxing coach from Chester-le-Street, County Durham, England, who died following a spell in police custody in 1976.	Liddle Towers	County Durham
place of death	Tibor Bodor (11 February 1921 in Kiskunhalas -- 20 July 2000 in Budapest) was a Hungarian actor, voice actor, teacher.	Tibor Bodor	Budapest
place of death	Pierre de Carcavi, was born in the early 1600s (decade), probably 1603, in Lyon, France, died in Paris in April 1684, was a secretary of the National Library of France under Louis XIV and French mathematician.	Pierre de Carcavi	Paris
place of death	André Marie Constant Duméril was born on January 1, 1774 in Amiens and died on August 14, 1860 in Paris.	André Marie Constant Duméril	Paris
place of death	Lin Wang lived out most of his life in the Taipei Zoo and unquestionably was the most popular and famous animal in Taiwan.	Lin Wang	Taipei Zoo
place of death	Agustín Esteve y Marqués (May 12, 1753 -- 1830) was a Spanish painter, mainly active in the Royal household in Madrid.	Agustín Esteve	Madrid
place of death	Alexander Riese (2 June 1840, Frankfurt -- 8 October 1924, Frankfurt) was a German classical scholar.	Alexander Riese	Frankfurt
place of death	'' Vandringar i Aslaug Vaas dikting (Oslo: Aschehoug) ISBN 82-03-18440-5	Aslaug Vaa	Oslo
place of death	Siegfried Flügge (16 March 1912, in Dresden -- 15 December 1997, in Hinterzarten) was a German theoretical physicist and made contributions to nuclear physics and the theoretical basis for nuclear weapons.	Siegfried Flügge	Hinterzarten
place of death	Wilhelm Holzamer (born in Nieder-Olm, Rhenish Hesse, 28 March 1870; died in Berlin, 28 August 1907) was a German novelist and short-story writer.	Wilhelm Holzamer	Berlin
place of death	António Augusto de Rocha Peixoto (Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal, 18 May 1866 - Matosinhos, Portugal, 2 May 1909) was a notable naturalist, ethnologist and archaeologist known throughout the country.	António Augusto de Rocha Peixoto	Matosinhos
place of death	Suso Cecchi d'Amico (21 July 1914, Rome -- 31 July 2010, Rome) was an Italian screenwriter and actress.	Suso Cecchi d'Amico	Rome
place of death	Georg Hans Madelung (born 31 July 1889 in Rostock, died 17 August 1972 in Uffing) was a German academic and aeronautical engineer.	Georg Hans Madelung	Uffing
place of death	Jamal al-Din Yusuf bin al-Amir Sayf al-Din Taghribirdi (جمال الدين يوسف بن الأمير سيف الدين تغري بردي) or Ibn Taghribirdi (1410-1470 AD/813-874 Hijri) was an Egyptian historian born into the Turkish Mamluk elite of Cairo in the 15th century.	Ibn Taghribirdi	Cairo
place of death	Auguste Baillayre (1879, Eastern Pyrenees - 1961, Bucharest) was a painter from France.	Auguste Baillayre	Bucharest
place of death	Kurt Kren (September 20, 1929 - died in Vienna on June 23, 1998) was an Austrian avant-garde filmmaker.	Kurt Kren	Vienna
place of death	Städtische Galerie Filderhalle, Leinfelden-Echterdingen, 1988 Lilo Rasch-Naegele.	Lilo Rasch-Naegele	Leinfelden-Echterdingen
place of death	Samson Raphaelson (b. New York City; 1894--1983) was a leading American playwright, screenwriter and short-story author in the first half of the 20th century.	Samson Raphaelson	New York City
place of death	Karl Janssen (29 May 1855 -- 2 December 1927) was a German sculptor working in the Baroque revival tradition; he was born and died in Düsseldorf.	Karl Janssen	Düsseldorf
place of death	In 1985, just after her 60th birthday, Laura Ashley fell down the stairs of her daughter's home in the West Midlands and was taken to hospital in Coventry, where she died ten days later of a brain haemorrhage.	Laura Ashley	Coventry
place of death	Leela Naidu was born in Bombay (now Mumbai), India.	Leela Naidu	Mumbai
place of death	Adam Menelaws, also spelled Menelas (born between 1748 and 1756, presumably in Edinburgh -- died 31 August 1831 in Saint Petersburg, Russian: Адам Адамович Менелас) was an architect and landscape designer of Scottish origin, active in the Russian Empire from 1784 to 1831.	Adam Menelaws	Saint Petersburg
place of death	William Morris Hunt died at the Isles of Shoals, New Hampshire, in 1879, apparently a suicide.	William Morris Hunt	New Hampshire
place of death	Johannes Albert Neuhuys (Utrecht, 10 June 1844 -- Locarno, 6 February 1914) was one of the best known painters of the Laren School and a friend of many of the Hague School painters.	Albert Neuhuys	Locarno
place of death	I have been long enough with you in the journey of life) Shivani continued to write till her last days, and died on 21 March 2003 in New Delhi.	Shivani	New Delhi
place of death	Francés de Corteta, also known as Corteta de Prades (in French François de Cortète and Cortète de Prades; Agen, 1586 -- Hautefage, September 3, 1667) was a nobleman from the Agen province and an Occitan-language poet and baroque play writer.	Francés de Corteta	Hautefage
place of death	Ángel Ganivet García (13 December 1865 in Granada, Spain -- 29 November 1898 in Riga), Spanish writer and diplomat.	Ángel Ganivet	Riga
place of death	Pier Giorgio Perotto (Turin, December 24, 1930 -- Genoa, January 23, 2002) was an Italian electrical engineer and inventor.	Pier Giorgio Perotto	Genoa
place of death	Gustav Emil Devrient (4 September 1803, Berlin -- 7 August 1872, Dresden) was a German actor and an occasional operatic bass.	Emil Devrient	Dresden
place of death	Ladislaus Weinek (Hungarian: Weinek László, February 13, 1848, Buda -- November 12, 1913, Prague) was an Austro-Hungarian astronomer.	Ladislaus Weinek	Prague
place of death	Helene Brandt (born 1936, Philadelphia, PA - died August 27, 2013 in New Bern, NC) worked in New York, New York as a sculptor.	Helene Brandt	New Bern
place of death	Louis-René Villermé (b. Paris, 10 March 1782; d. there, 16 November, 1863) was a French doctor.	Louis-René Villermé	Paris
place of death	Ernestine von Fürth, née Kisch (5 October 1877, Prague - 31 October 1946, Washington, D.C.) was an Austrian-Jewish women's activist, the founder and leader of the women's suffrage movement in Austria.	Ernestine von Fürth	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Benno Sterzenbach (born 3 March 1916 Osnabrück - died 13 September 1985 Feldafing) was a German cinema and theatre actor and director.	Benno Sterzenbach	Feldafing
place of death	Lieutenant Pruett Mullens Dennett was killed in action on 2 June 1918 near Estaires, Nord, France.	Pruett Mullens Dennett	Estaires
place of death	Egbert van Heemskerck, or Egbert Jaspersz van Heemskerk (1634--1704) was a Haarlem Dutch Golden Age painter of genre works who died in London in 1704.	Egbert van Heemskerck	London
place of death	Ike Bloom (c. 1865 -- December 15, 1930) was an American businessman, cabaret and nightclub owner in Chicago, Illinois from the turn of the 20th century and throughout Prohibition.	Ike Bloom	Chicago
place of death	Talat Avni Özüdoğru (1880; Samsun - August 13, 1939; Samsun) was a military officer of the Ottoman Army, a politician of the Ottoman Empire and the Republic of Turkey.	Talat Avni Özüdoğru	Turkey
place of death	Augustin Coppens or Aurelius Augustinus Coppens (Brussels, 9 March 1668 -- Brussels, 31 August 1740) was a Flemish painter, engraver, draughtsman and tapestry designer active in Brussels.	Augustin Coppens	Brussels
place of death	Bigelow was elected a member of the Boston Historical Society in April 1864, and in 1869 presented to that society six large volumes entitled Inventions of Erastus Brigham Bigelow patented in England from 1837 to 1868 in which were gathered the printed specifications of eighteen patents granted to him in England.	Erastus Brigham Bigelow	Boston
place of death	Isaak Tirion (1705 in Utrecht -- 1765 in Amsterdam) was an 18th-century publisher from the Northern Netherlands.	Isaak Tirion	Amsterdam
place of death	Ken Southworth died at his home in Anaheim, California, on December 6, 2007, at the age of 89 following a series of strokes.	Ken Southworth	Anaheim
place of death	Constantine sent his half-brother, the Censor Flavius Dalmatius to quell the rebellion, and Calocaerus was defeated, and afterwards brought to Tarsus in Cilicia, where he was tried and executed.	Calocaerus	Tarsus
place of death	Patrick Adamson (1537--1592) was a Scottish divine, and Archbishop of St Andrews from 1575.	Patrick Adamson	St Andrews
place of death	Giovanni Biliverti (surname also written as Bilivelt and Bilivert or other variants) (Florence, 25 August 1585 -- Florence, 16 July 1644) was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerism and early-Baroque period, active mainly in his adoptive city of Florence, as well as Rome.	Giovanni Biliverti	Florence
place of death	Maurice Wilson MC (21 April 1898 -- 1934) was a British soldier, mystic, mountaineer and aviator who is known for his ill-fated attempt to climb Mount Everest alone in 1934.	Maurice Wilson	Mount Everest
place of death	Anton Bourguignon von Baumberg (born in Heřmanův Městec, Austrian Empire, 8 June 1808 -- 28 May 1879 in Pula, Austro-Hungarian Empire) was an Austro-Hungarian admiral.	Anton Bourguignon von Baumberg	Pula
place of death	After the destruction of Corinth in the same year, Polybius returned to Greece, making use of his Roman connections to lighten the conditions there.	Polybius	Greece
place of death	Nathanael Gottfried Leske (22 October 1751 in Muskau -- 25 November 1786 in Marburg) was a German natural scientist and geologist.	Nathanael Gottfried Leske	Marburg
place of death	Jacob Axel Gillberg (17 December 1769, Södermanland -- 1 October 1845, Stockholm) was a Swedish miniature painter.	Jacob Axel Gillberg	Stockholm
place of death	George Ziegenfuss (September 26, 1917 in Centerville, Wisconsin -- December 2, 2007 in San Diego, California) was the head men's basketball coach at San Diego State University from 1948 until 1969.	George Ziegenfuss	San Diego
place of death	Anselm of Meissen (German: Anselm von Meißen, died no later than 1278 in Elbing (Elbląg)) was a priest of the Teutonic Order and the first actual Bishop of Warmia (Varmia, Ermland, or Ermeland).	Anselm of Meissen	Elbląg
place of death	Karl Theodor Anton Maria von Dalberg (8 February 1744 -- 10 February 1817) was Archbishop of Mainz, Arch-Chancellor of the Holy Roman Empire, Prince of Regensburg, Prince-Primate of the Confederation of the Rhine and Grand Duke of Frankfurt.	Karl Theodor Anton Maria von Dalberg	Regensburg
place of death	Benedetta Carlini was born to a middle-class Italian family, who were able to buy her a place in a reasonably comfortable convent, the Convent of the Mother of God, at Pescia.	Benedetta Carlini	Pescia
place of death	Olaf Rye (November 16, 1791, Bø, Telemark -- July 6, 1849, Fredericia) was a Norwegian-Danish military officer.	Olaf Rye	Fredericia
place of death	Job Adriaenszoon Berckheyde (27 January 1630 -- before 23 November 1693) was a Dutch artist of the 17th century, active in Haarlem, Amsterdam, and The Hague.	Job Adriaenszoon Berckheyde	Haarlem
place of death	Steven De Groote was born in Johannesburg, South Africa into a Belgian family in which, for three generations, almost every member had been a professional musician.	Steven De Groote	Johannesburg
place of death	Princess Leopoldine of Baden (Leopoldine Wilhelmine Amalie Pauline Maximiliane; 22 February 1837, Karlsruhe - 23 December 1903, Strasbourg), was a Princess of Baden by birth and Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg by marriage.	Princess Leopoldine of Baden	Strasbourg
place of death	Mastino II della Scala (1308 -- June 3, 1351) was lord of Verona.	Mastino II della Scala	Verona
place of death	Jutta of Thuringia (born: 1184; died: 6 August 1235 in Schleusingen) was the eldest daughter of Landgrave Hermann I of Thuringia and his first wife, Sophia of Sommerschenburg, a daughter of Fredrick II of Sommerschenburg.	Jutta of Thuringia	Schleusingen
place of death	Major John Fairfax-Blakeborough O.B.E., M.C. (born Guisborough 16 January 1883; died Westerdale 1 January 1976) a.k.a. ``Jack'' was an English writer and folklorist.	John Fairfax-Blakeborough	Westerdale
place of death	Henk Faanhof (29 August 1922 -- 27 January 2015) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer from Amsterdam.	Henk Faanhof	Amsterdam
place of death	William Leon Dawson died at White Cross Hospital in Columbus, Ohio on 30 April 1928 after a short bout with influenza that had worsened into pneumonia.	William Leon Dawson	Columbus
place of death	Július Satinský (20 August 1941 in Bratislava -- 29 December 2002 in Bratislava) was a Slovak actor, comedian, singer, showman and writer.	Július Satinský	Bratislava
place of death	Heikki Aaltoila, (December 11, 1905 in Hausjärvi - January 11, 1992 in Helsinki) was a Finnish film composer who served 40 years as the conductor of Finnish National Theatre's orchestra.	Heikki Aaltoila	Helsinki
place of death	Norman Cazden (Born September 23, 1914 in New York City; died August 18, 1980 in Bangor, Maine) was an American composer.	Norman Cazden	Bangor
place of death	Antonio De Rosso (Farra di Soligo, 8 February 1941 -- Aprilia, Lazio, 20 February 2009) was the founder of the Orthodox Church in Italy and the Metropolitan of Ravenna, L'Aquila and Italy.	Antonio De Rosso	Aprilia, Lazio
place of death	Hannah Wilke was born in 1940 in New York City to Jewish parents whose parents were Eastern European immigrants.	Hannah Wilke	New York City
place of death	Sheikh Hamada (born 1889, Blad Touahria near Mostaganem; died April 9, 1968) was an Algerian singer.	Sheikh Hamada	Mostaganem
place of death	Hristo Nikolov Makedonski or Hristo Makedonski (Bulgarian: Христо Николов Македонски) (1835, Gorni Todorak, today Greece - July 5, 1916, Ruse, Bulgaria) was a Bulgarian hajduk voivode and revolutionary from Macedonia.	Hristo Makedonski	Ruse
place of death	Lorenzo Robledo (1921 - September 2006 in Madrid) was a Spanish film actor, who made over 85 appearances in film between 1956 and 1982.	Lorenzo Robledo	Madrid
place of death	James Benton Flippen (July 18, 1920 -- June 28, 2011) was an old-time fiddler from Mount Airy, North Carolina.	Benton Flippen	Mount Airy
place of death	Philippe Grass (born in Wolxheim on May 6, 1801; died in Strasbourg on 9 April 1876) was a French sculptor.	Philippe Grass	Strasbourg
place of death	Christian Heinrich Postel (11 October 1658 -- 22 March 1705) was a German jurist, epic poet and opera librettist, who wrote 28 libretti for the Oper am Gänsemarkt in Hamburg, set by composers such as Johann Philipp Förtsch, Reinhard Keiser and Georg Philipp Telemann.	Christian Heinrich Postel	Hamburg
place of death	Dorothy Dickson (July 25, 1893 -- September 25, 1995) was an American-born, London-based theater actress and singer.	Dorothy Dickson	London
place of death	``Lefty'' Lew Tendler (September 28, 1898, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- November 5, 1970, in Atlantic City, New Jersey) was an American boxer.	Lew Tendler	Atlantic City
place of death	Juan Eduardo David Posada (born 25 April 1911, Las Villas, Cuba -- died 8 August 1981, Havana) was a Cuban artist.	Juan Eduardo David Posada	Havana
place of death	Barbara Longhi was born on 21 September 1552 in the northern Italian city of Ravenna, where she spent her entire life.	Barbara Longhi	Ravenna
place of death	Saint Amadeus of the Amidei (died 12 February 1266), also known as Bartholomeus Amadeus degli Amidei, was an important religious figure in 13th century Florence.	Amadeus of the Amidei	Florence
place of death	When Razadarit became the ruler of Hanthawaddy in 1384, the 16-year-old boy-king held just the Pegu (Bago) province while the other two major Mon-speaking regions of the Irrawaddy delta and Martaban (Mottama) were in open rebellion.	Razadarit	Bago
place of death	Enrico Cuccia (24 November 1907 -- 23 June 2000) was an Italian banker, who was the first and long-term president of Mediobanca SpA, the Milan-based investment bank, and a significant figure in the history of capitalism in Italy.	Enrico Cuccia	Milan
place of death	Elinor Remick Warren (February 23, 1900, Los Angeles -- April 27, 1991, Los Angeles) was an American composer of contemporary classical music and pianist.	Elinor Remick Warren	Los Angeles
place of death	Harald Paumgarten (4 April 1904 in Graz - 6 February 1952 near Sankt Anton am Arlberg) was an Austrian cross country skier, ski jumper, and Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1920s and in the 1930s.	Harald Paumgarten	Sankt Anton am Arlberg
place of death	Christian of Prachatice (Czech: Křišťan z Prachatice) (1360--1368, Prachatice, Kingdom of Bohemia -- 4 September 1439, Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia) was a medieval Bohemian astronomer, mathematician and former Catholic priest who converted to the Hussite movement.	Christian of Prachatice	Prague
place of death	Franco Casavola (13 July 1891, Modugno, near Bari -- 7 July 1955, Bari) was a Futurist composer and theorist.	Franco Casavola	Bari
position held	Nicolas Pavillon (b. at Paris, 1597; d. at Alet, 1677) was a French bishop of Alet and Jansenist.	Nicolas Pavillon	bishop
position held	Cesare Baronio (also known as Caesar Baronius; 30 August 1538 -- 30 June 1607) was an Italian cardinal and ecclesiastical historian of the Roman Catholic Church.	Caesar Baronius	cardinal
position held	Hervé Itoua (born 1942) is the former bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ouesso.	Hervé Itoua	bishop
position held	Marcus Manlius Capitolinus (died 384 BC) was consul of the Roman Republic in 392 BC. He was the brother of Aulus Manlius Capitolinus.	Marcus Manlius	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Matthew J. Ryan was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for over 40 years and served as Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Matthew J. Ryan	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Georg Holzherr (January 22, 1927 -- February 26, 2012) was the Roman Catholic abbot of Einsiedeln Abbey, Switzerland.	Georg Holzherr	abbot
position held	Jeffrey Steiner (April 3, 1937, Vienna -- November 1, 2008) was the chief executive officer of the Fairchild Corporation, the successor corporation of Fairchild Industries, Inc. Steiner was born in Vienna, Austria.	Jeffrey Steiner	chief executive officer
position held	Nicolas M. Mondejar, D.D. (born 15 September 1924) is a Filipino Roman Catholic bishop.	Nicolas M. Mondejar	bishop
position held	Michel Amani N'Guessan (born 1957) is an Ivorian politician and the current defence minister of Côte d'Ivoire for the Ivorian Popular Front (FPI).	Michel Amani N'Guessan	minister
position held	Daniel G. Huberty, known as Dan Huberty (born June 21, 1968), is a businessman from Humble, Texas, a suburb of Houston, who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives.	Dan Huberty	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Bikheris is the hellenized name of an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh, who may have ruled during the 4th Dynasty (Old Kingdom period) around 2570 BC. Next to nothing is known about this ruler and some Egyptologists even believe him to be fictitious.	Bikheris	pharaoh
position held	Joe Aresimowicz is a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives and the current Majority Leader.	Joe Aresimowicz	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Aymard of Cluny, also known as Aymardus of Cluny was the third abbot of Cluny.	Aymard of Cluny	abbot
position held	Herbert Alexander Bruce FRCS (September 28, 1868 -- June 23, 1963), served as the 15th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario, Canada, from 1932 to 1937.	Herbert Alexander Bruce	Lieutenant Governor of Ontario
position held	Gaius Cornelius Cethegus was a consul of the Roman Republic in 197 BC, from the Cethegus branch of the gens Cornelia.	Gaius Cornelius Cethegus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Thomas Vose Daily (born September 23, 1927) is a retired American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Diocese of Brooklyn from 1990 to 2003 and is now Bishop Emeritus of the Brooklyn Diocese.	Thomas Vose Daily	bishop
position held	Juozas Tunaitis (October 25, 1928, Davainiškislt -- June 1, 2012, Vilnius), was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of diocese of Sassurait (Sousse, Tunisia, 1991--2012) and the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vilnius, Lithuania (1991--2010).	Juozas Tunaitis	bishop
position held	Joe Sosnowski (born April 13, 1977) is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives, first sworn in to represent the 69th district in 2010.	Joe Sosnowski	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Michael Sheehy is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 46th district.	Michael Sheehy	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	John Nathan Deal (born August 25, 1942) is an American politician who has been the 82nd Governor of Georgia since January 2011.	Nathan Deal	Governor of Georgia
position held	Ivan Mrkić (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Мркић, pronounced (ǐʋan mr̂kitɕ), born 30 May 1953) is a Serbian diplomat and the former Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Ivan Mrkić	Minister of Foreign Affairs
position held	John D. Anthony (born April 13, 1976) is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives, who has represented the 75th district since his appointment in August 2013.	John D. Anthony	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Sir James Milne Wilson, KCMG (29 February 1812 -- 29 February 1880) served as Premier of Tasmania from 1869 to 1872.	James Milne Wilson	Premier of Tasmania
position held	James Patton Preston (June 21, 1774 -- May 4, 1843) was a U.S. political figure who served as Governor of Virginia.	James Patton Preston	Governor of Virginia
position held	James Franklin Landtroop, Jr., known as Jim Landtroop (born January 18, 1968), is a businessman from Lubbock, Texas, who is a Republican departing one-term member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 85 in the South Plains.	Jim Landtroop	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Bartolomeo Gradenigo (1259 or 1260 -- December 28, 1342) was the 53rd Doge of Venice from November 7, 1339 until his death.	Bartolomeo Gradenigo	Doge of Venice
position held	Pietro Barbolano (sometimes Pietro Barbo Centranigo) was the 28th Doge of Venice.	Pietro Barbolano	Doge of Venice
position held	Joan Blanch Rodríguez (1937 -- 16 April 2014) was a Spanish politician from Catalonia, he was mayor of Badalona between 1983 and 1999.	Joan Blanch	mayor
position held	General Guido Vildoso Calderón (born 5 April 1937, La Paz, Bolivia) was an officer in the Military of Bolivia and de facto President of Bolivia in 1982.	Guido Vildoso	President of Bolivia
position held	Albert Reuben Edward Thomas (26 October 1908 − 24 September 1983) was an English Australian Roman Catholic bishop.	Albert Reuben Edward Thomas	bishop
position held	Hassan Gouled Aptidon (Somali: Xasan Guuleed Abtidoon. Arabic: حسن جولد أبتيدون‎) (October 15, 1916 -- November 21, 2006) was the first President of Djibouti from 1977 to 1999.	Hassan Gouled Aptidon	President of Djibouti
position held	Fergus Patrick McEvay, (8 December 1852 -- 10 May 1911), was the Roman Catholic archbishop of Toronto from 1908 to 1911.	Fergus Patrick McEvay	archbishop
position held	Jesse Kendrick Hollis, Jr., known as Ken Hollis (March 13, 1942 -- September 10, 2010), was a Republican Party member of the Louisiana State Senate from Metairie in Jefferson Parish in the New Orleans suburbs.	Ken Hollis	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Ronald Waters is a Democratic politician and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, where he represented District 191.	Ronald Waters	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Burchard von Schwanden (also Burkhard; died 1310) was the 12th Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights, serving from 1282 or 1283-1290.	Burchard von Schwanden	Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights
position held	Chen Xitong (Chinese: 陈希同; pinyin: Chén Xītóng; June 10, 1930 -- June 2, 2013) was a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China and the Mayor of Beijing until he was removed from office on charges of corruption in 1995.	Chen Xitong	Mayor of Beijing
position held	Adam Śmigielski (24 December 1933 in Przemyśl − 7 October 2008 in Sosnowiec) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop.	Adam Śmigielski	bishop
position held	Wahkare Khety was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 9th or 10th Dynasty during the First Intermediate Period.	Wahkare Khety	pharaoh
position held	Peter Joseph O'Reilly (April 14, 1850 -- December 16, 1923) was an Irish-born bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States.	Peter Joseph O'Reilly	bishop
position held	Rob Briley (born October 15, 1966, Nashville, Tennessee, United States) is an American politician and a Democratic former member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 52nd district, which is part of Davidson County.	Rob Briley	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Ma Ying-jeou (Chinese: 馬英九; pinyin: Mǎ Yīngjiǔ, (mà jə́ŋtɕjù); born 13 July 1950) is a Taiwanese politician who is the current President of the Republic of China (ROC).	Ma Ying-jeou	President of the Republic of China
position held	David Sigman was an American trade union staff member from Two Rivers, Wisconsin who served three terms as a Republican, then a Progressive member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 2nd Manitowoc County district.	David Sigman	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Minuccio Minucci (1551--1604) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who was the archbishop of Zadar.	Minuccio Minucci	archbishop
position held	Petre S. Aurelian (13 December 1833 -- 24 January 1909) was a Romanian politician who served as a Prime Minister of Romania between 2 December 1896 and 12 April 1897.	Petre S. Aurelian	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	Leon Abbett (October 8, 1836 -- December 4, 1894) was an American Democratic Party politician, and lawyer, who served two separate terms as the 26th Governor of New Jersey, from 1884 to 1887 and from 1890 to 1893.	Leon Abbett	Governor of New Jersey
position held	José Cipriano Castro Ruiz (12 October 1858 -- 4 December 1924) was a high-ranking member of the Venezuelan military, politician and the President of Venezuela from 1899 to 1908.	Cipriano Castro	President of Venezuela
position held	Jean Courtecuisse (c.1350, Le Mans - 4 March 1423, Geneva) was a French bishop and theologian, who was elected bishop of Paris and bishop of Geneva.	Jean Courtecuisse	bishop
position held	Carlo Odescalchi, (5 March 1785 -- 17 August 1841) was an Italian prince and priest, archbishop of Ferrara, cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Vicar of the Diocese of Rome.	Carlo Odescalchi	archbishop	cardinal
position held	Paul Capdevielle (January 15, 1842 -- August 14, 1922) was mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana, from May 9, 1900 to December 5, 1904.	Paul Capdevielle	mayor of New Orleans
position held	George Distel is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 99th District from 1999-2008.	George Distel	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Laxman Sonopant Joshi (born 3 April 1935, death 10 Dec 2014), popularly known as Anna Joshi, is a former member of the Lok Sabha and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party.	Anna Joshi	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	Yves-Alexandre de Marbeuf (Rennes, 1734-Lübeck, 1799) was a French bishop of Autun and archbishop of Lyon, and statesman.	Yves-Alexandre de Marbeuf	archbishop
position held	Kimon Georgiev Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Кимон Георгиев Стоянов) (August 11, 1882 -- September 28, 1969) was a Bulgarian general who was Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 1934 to 1935 and again from 1944 to 1946.	Kimon Georgiev	Prime Minister of Bulgaria
position held	Harrison Ludington (July 30, 1812 -- June 17, 1891) was an American Republican politician who served as the 13th Governor of Wisconsin and a mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Harrison Ludington	Governor of Wisconsin
position held	Chrysippus moved to Athens, where he became the disciple of Cleanthes, who was then the head (scholarch) of the Stoic school.	Chrysippus	scholarch) of the Stoic school
position held	Pietro Pisani (1871-1960) was a Catholic archbishop and diplomat of the Holy See.	Pietro Pisani	archbishop
position held	D. Devaraj Urs (20 August 1915 -- 18 May 1982) was an Indian politician who served two terms as the 8th Chief Minister of Karnataka (1972--77, 1978--80), a state in southern India.	D. Devaraj Urs	Chief Minister of Karnataka
position held	Vernon Sykes (born October 2, 1951) is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who has represented the 44th District from 2007 to 2014.	Vernon Sykes	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Klaus Wiswe (born 1955) is a German politician, member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU) and full-time chief executive or Landrat of the North German district of Celle.	Klaus Wiswe	Landrat
position held	Tutankhamun (/ˌtuːtənkɑːˈmuːn/; alternatively spelled with Tutenkh-, -amen, -amon) was an Egyptian pharaoh of the 18th dynasty (ruled c. 1332--1323 BC in the conventional chronology), during the period of Egyptian history known as the New Kingdom.	Tutankhamun	pharaoh
position held	In 1322, Andrew of Perugia was nominated bishop of the see of Zaiton by John of Montecorvino.	Andrew of Perugia	bishop
position held	Nicolas Tiangaye (born 13 September 1956) is a Central African politician and lawyer who was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 17 January 2013 until his resignation on 10 January 2014.	Nicolas Tiangaye	Prime Minister of the Central African Republic
position held	Thomas J. McCormack (September 28, 1922 -- August 18, 1998) was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, serving during 1978.	Thomas J. McCormack	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	Ioannis Alevras (Greek: Ιωάννης Αλευράς, 1912 -- 6 April 1995) was a Greek Panhellenic Socialist Movement politician and Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament, who served as acting President of Greece in March 1985.	Ioannis Alevras	Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament	President of Greece
position held	William Emerson Brock (March 14, 1872 -- August 5, 1950) was a Democratic United States Senator from Tennessee from 1929 to 1931.	William Emerson Brock	United States Senator
position held	Alpheus Felch (September 28, 1804 -- June 13, 1896) was the fifth Governor of Michigan and U.S. Senator from Michigan.	Alpheus Felch	Governor of Michigan
position held	Li Kwan Ha, CBE, QPM, CPM (Chinese: 李君夏) was the first ethnic Chinese to serve as the Commissioner of Police in Hong Kong; he took office in 1989 and retired in 1994.	Li Kwan Ha	Commissioner of Police
position held	Henry Cockshutt (July 8, 1868 -- November 26, 1944) was the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario, Canada.	Henry Cockshutt	Lieutenant Governor of Ontario
position held	Charles James McDonnell (born July 1, 1928) is an American retired Roman Catholic titular bishop of Pocofeltus and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark, New Jersey.	Charles James McDonnell	bishop
position held	Silas Woodson (May 18, 1819 -- October 9, 1896) was the 21st Governor of Missouri, United States, between January 3, 1873 and January 12, 1875.	Silas Woodson	Governor of Missouri
position held	Jacqueline Gourault (French: (ʒa.klin ɡu.ʁo) ; born 20 November 1950) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Loir-et-Cher department.	Jacqueline Gourault	member of the Senate of France
position held	Theodore Engel (1866--?) was an American plumber and contractor from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who spent fourteen years as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Theodore Engel	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Johann Leonhard Pfaff (18 August 1775 in Hünfeld - 3 January 1848 in Fulda) was a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fulda from 1832 to 1848.	Johann Leonhard Pfaff	bishop
position held	Amy Salerno (born October 17, 1956) is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1995 through 2002.	Amy Salerno	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Raphael Nii Amaa Ollennu (21 May 1906 -- 22 December 1986) was the Chairman of the Presidential Commission and acting President of Ghana during the Second Republic from 7 August 1970 to 31 August 1970.	Nii Amaa Ollennu	President of Ghana
position held	Domenico Flabanico (died 1043) was the 29th Doge of Venice.	Domenico Flabanico	Doge of Venice
position held	James Tinker (April 11, 1817 -- February 20, 1886) was an American farmer from Rochester, Wisconsin who served a single one-year term as a Free Soil Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, in 1851, from Racine County as well as holding a variety of local offices.	James Tinker	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Nicolò da Ponte (15 January 1491 - 30 July 1585) was the eighty seventh Doge of Venice.	Nicolò da Ponte	Doge of Venice
position held	Jörgen Strand (born March 15, 1963) is a politician on the autonomous Åland Islands.	Jörgen Strand	Åland Islands
position held	Manmohan Singh (Punjabi: (mənˈmoːɦən ˈsɪ́ŋɡ); born 26 September 1932) is an Indian economist who served as the Prime Minister of India from 2004 to 2014.	Manmohan Singh	Prime Minister of India
position held	Ludwig Scholz (30 June 1937 in Juliusberg, Landkreis Oels, Lower Silesia, now Dobroszyce, Oleśnica County, Poland -- 20 September 2005 in Nuremberg, Bavaria) was a German politician of the CSU and the mayor of Nuremberg.	Ludwig Scholz	mayor
position held	Sylvester Patton is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, succeeded by Bob Hagan.	Sylvester Patton	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Ceolnoth (died 870) was a medieval English Archbishop of Canterbury.	Ceolnoth	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Peithon was named one of the seven (later eight) Somatophylakes ``bodyguards'' of Alexander in 335 BC. After Alexander's death in 323 BC, Peithon was made the satrap of Media, the strategically important region that controlled all roads between east and west.	Peithon	Somatophylakes
position held	William A. Ryan (1919-2001) was a Democratic politician from Michigan who served as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives, and was Speaker of the House from 1969 through 1974.	William A. Ryan	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Giuseppe Renato Imperiali (May 1, 1651 -- February 18, 1737) was an Italian cardinal, and known as an avid bibliophile.	Giuseppe Renato Imperiali	cardinal
position held	Eugene Antonio Marino (May 29, 1934 -- November 12, 2000) was an American Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Atlanta, Georgia from 1988 until 1990, becoming the first African American archbishop in United States of America.	Eugene Antonio Marino	archbishop
position held	Karl Josef von Hefele (March 15, 1809 -- June 6, 1893) was a Roman Catholic bishop and theologian of Germany.	Karl Josef von Hefele	bishop
position held	James Madison Wells (January 8, 1808 -- February 28, 1899) was elected the 20th Governor of Louisiana during Reconstruction.	James Madison Wells	Governor of Louisiana
position held	Moses Wilson Gray, known as Wilson Gray (1813 -- 4 April 1875) was an Irish-born barrister, member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly and district judge in New Zealand.	Wilson Gray	member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
position held	Gnaeus Fulvius Centumalus Maximus (d. 210 BC) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 211 BC. As consul, Fulvius defended Rome against Hannibal with his colleague Publius Sulpicius Galba Maximus during the Second Punic War.	Gnaeus Fulvius Centumalus Maximus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	William Juxon (1582 -- 4 June 1663) was an English churchman, Bishop of London from 1633 to 1649 and Archbishop of Canterbury from 1660 until his death.	William Juxon	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Nathan Philemon Bryan (April 23, 1872 -- August 8, 1935) was a lawyer, federal judge, and United States Senator from Florida.	Nathan Philemon Bryan	United States Senator
position held	Joan Ballweg (born March 16, 1952) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator, currently serving her third term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 41st district.	Joan Ballweg	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Wu Den-yih (traditional Chinese: 吳敦義; simplified Chinese: 吴敦义; pinyin: Wú Dūnyì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Gô͘ Tun-gī; born January 30, 1948) is a Taiwanese politician and the current Vice President of the Republic of China.	Wu Den-yih	Vice President of the Republic of China
position held	Francesco Minerva (January 31, 1904 -- August 23, 2004) was an Italian clergyman; at his death he was the second-oldest living bishop in the Roman Catholic Church, after Corrado Bafile.	Francesco Minerva	bishop
position held	Guido de Lavezaris (c.1499? - d. 1581?) was the second Spanish Governor General of the Philippines.	Guido de Lavezaris	Governor General of the Philippines
position held	Antonio Ferrero (died 1508) (called the Cardinal of Gubbio) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Antonio Ferrero	cardinal
position held	On 13 June 2004 Bogusław Sonik was elected as member of the European Parliament.	Bogusław Sonik	member of the European Parliament
position held	John Winans (September 27, 1831 -- January 17, 1907) was an American lawyer from Janesville, Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and as a U.S. Representative from Wisconsin, as well as holding down local offices such as mayor of Janesville.	John Winans	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Major Freeman Freeman-Thomas, 1st Marquess of Willingdon GCSI GCMG GCIE GBE PC (12 September 1866 -- 12 August 1941) was a British Liberal politician and administrator who served as Governor General of Canada, the 13th since Canadian Confederation, and as Viceroy and Governor-General of India, the country's 22nd.	Freeman Freeman-Thomas, 1st Marquess of Willingdon	Governor General of Canada
position held	Johann Philipp Franz von Schönborn (1673--1724) was the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1719 to 1724.	Johann Philipp Franz von Schönborn	Prince-Bishop
position held	Thomas Goldwell (1501 -- 3 April 1585) was an English bishop, the last of those who had refused to accept the English Reformation.	Thomas Goldwell	bishop
position held	Jack R. Gage (January 13, 1899--March 14, 1970) was an American politician who served as the 25th Governor of Wyoming from January 2, 1961 to January 7, 1963.	Jack R. Gage	Governor of Wyoming
position held	Solomon Ortiz, Jr. (born July 21, 1977) is a Democratic former member of the Texas House of Representatives, serving from 2006 to 2011.	Solomon Ortiz, Jr.	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Luis Mercader Escolano (1444--1516) was the Grand Inquisitor of the Kingdom of Aragon from 1513 to 1516.	Luis Mercader Escolano	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Robert de Keldeleth (or Robert Kenleith) (died 1273) was a 13th-century Benedictine and then Cistercian abbot.	Robert de Keldeleth	abbot
position held	Giovanni De Andrea (22 April 1928 in Rivarolo Canavese, Italy -- 19 January 2012) was an Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishop and diplomat.	Giovanni De Andrea	archbishop
position held	Maksimilijan Vrhovac (November 23, 1752 in Karlovac -- December 16, 1827 in Zagreb) was the bishop of Zagreb.	Maksimilijan Vrhovac	bishop
position held	Giuseppe Carraro (26 June 1899 -- 30 December 1980) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop who was the Bishop Emeritus of Verona.	Giuseppe Carraro	Catholic bishop
position held	Gerard of Florennes (ca 975, bishop 1012 -- 14 March 1051), bishop of Cambrai as Gerard I, had formerly been chaplain to Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor, and helpful to the latter in his political negotiations with Robert the Pious, King of France.	Gerard of Florennes	bishop
position held	Edward VIII (Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972) was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire, and Emperor of India, from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year.	Edward VIII	Emperor of India
position held	Dimitrios Andrikopoulos-Boukaouris (Greek: Δημήτριος Ανδρικόπουλος-Μπουκαούρης) (1867-1948) was a Greek politician of Achaea and a mayor of Patras.	Dimitrios Andrikopoulos-Boukaouris	mayor
position held	From the dismissal of Arseniy Yatsenyuk till the election of Volodymyr Lytvyn as Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada, Oleksandr Lavrynovych assumed the position as acting chairman from November 12, 2008 till December 9, 2008.	Oleksandr Lavrynovych	Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada
position held	Vincenzo Moretti (1815--1881) was an Italian cardinal (elevated to such in 1877).	Vincenzo Moretti	cardinal
position held	Thomas Lamplugh (1615 -- 5 May 1691) was an English churchman who became Archbishop of York	Thomas Lamplugh	Archbishop of York
position held	Herman H. Winter (circa 1805 - ?) was an American farmer from the Town of Watertown, Wisconsin who spent one term as a ``Democratic Republican'' member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Jefferson County.	Herman H. Winter	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Sükhbaataryn Batbold (Mongolian: Сүхбаатарын Батболд, born June 24, 1963) is a Mongolian politician who was Prime Minister of Mongolia from 2009 to 2012, as well as General Secretary of the Mongolian People's Party.	Sükhbaataryn Batbold	Prime Minister of Mongolia
position held	George H. Hipke (December 29, 1879 in New Holstein, Wisconsin -- February 4, 1951, buried in Stanley, Wisconsin), was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	George H. Hipke	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Saint Ernest (died 1148) was the abbot of the Benedictine Zwiefalten Abbey at Zwiefalten, Germany from 1141 to 1146.	Saint Ernest	abbot
position held	William B. McGrorty (August 16, 1825 in Inver, Ireland -- February 16, 1865 in La Crosse, Wisconsin) was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives	William B. McGrorty	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Robert Wilkinson Furnas (May 5, 1824 -- June 1, 1905) was the second Governor of Nebraska .	Robert Wilkinson Furnas	Governor of Nebraska
position held	JoAnne Favors (born August 27, 1942) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 29th district, which is composed of part of Hamilton County.	JoAnne Favors	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Elio Morpurgo (10 October 1858 -- 29 March 1944) was an Italian politician, member of the Italian Senate and of the Chambers of Deputies and mayor of Udine.	Elio Morpurgo	mayor
position held	Augusto Petró (May 3, 1918 -- October 28, 2008) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and was one of oldest bishops in the Catholic Church and one of oldest Brazilian bishops.	Augusto Petró	bishop
position held	Leonard M. Landsborough (ca. 1858--1927) was an agriculturist in the Florin, California, area and a member of the California State Assembly.	Leonard M. Landsborough	member of the California State Assembly
position held	William Patrick O'Connor (October 18, 1886 -- July 13, 1973), was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the fifth Bishop of the Diocese of Superior (1942--46) and the first bishop of the Diocese of Madison (1946--67).	William Patrick O'Connor	bishop
position held	George Maxwell Richards, TC, CM (born 1 December 1931) was the fourth President of Trinidad and Tobago, in office from 2003 to 2013.	George Maxwell Richards	President of Trinidad and Tobago
position held	Julio María Sanguinetti Coirolo (born 6 January 1936 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan politician, lawyer and journalist, who served as President of Uruguay (from March 1985 until March 1990, and, again, from March 1995 until March 2000) for the Partido Colorado.	Julio María Sanguinetti	President of Uruguay
position held	Thomas McCaul (January 18, 1838 -- October 24, 1926) was an American merchant, contractor and insurance agent from Tomah, Wisconsin who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, as well as the first mayor of the newly-elevated City of Tomah.	Thomas McCaul	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	William Laud (1573--1645) was an English bishop and academic.	William Laud	bishop
position held	Zaccaria Delfino (1527--1584) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Zaccaria Delfino	cardinal
position held	rHerman L. Wolfe, Sr. (September 30, 1930 -- February 3, 1989) was a businessman from Savannah, Tennessee who served seven terms as a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1977-1989 (90th through 96th General Assemblies) from a district which encompassed Hardin and McNairy counties.	Herman L. Wolfe, Sr.	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	José Sebastião de Almeida Neto (8 February 1841 -- 7 December 1920) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Patriarch of Lisbon.	José Sebastião de Almeida Neto	Patriarch
position held	Ignace Baguibassa Sambar-Talkena (March 31, 1935 -- February 3, 2013) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Kara, Togo.	Ignace Baguibassa Sambar-Talkena	bishop
position held	Frederick Robie (August 12, 1822 -- February 3, 1912) was an American physician and politician who most notably served as the 39th Governor of Maine.	Frederick Robie	Governor of Maine
position held	Francesco Morosini (26 February 1619 -- 16 January 1694) was the Doge of Venice from 1688 to 1694, at the height of the Great Turkish War.	Francesco Morosini	Doge of Venice
position held	John G. Good, Jr. is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate.	John G. Good	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	Alexander Neville (c. 1340--1392) was a late medieval prelate who served as Archbishop of York from 1374 to 1388.	Alexander Neville	Archbishop of York
position held	Pehr Evind Svinhufvud af Qvalstad (Swedish: (ˈpæːr ˈeːvɪnd ˈsviːnhʉːvɵd); December 15, 1861 -- February 29, 1944) was the third President of Finland from 1931 to 1937.	Pehr Evind Svinhufvud	President of Finland
position held	Michael J. Carberry is a former Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 36th District from March 2010, when he was appointed to replace retiring James D. Brosnahan, until January 2011.	Michael J. Carberry	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position played on team / speciality	Andere Legina García (born 17 March 1989) is a Spanish football goalkeeper, who most recently played for Athletic Bilbao in Spain's Primera División as Ainhoa Tirapu's reserve.	Andere Legina	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Handan Kurğa (born September 10, 1993) is a Turkish women's football goalkeeper currently playing in the Turkish Women's First Football League for Konak Belediyespor in İzmir with jersey number 1.	Handan Kurğa	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giuliano Sarti (born 2 October 1933, in Castello d'Argile) is a retired Italian professional football player, who played in the position of goalkeeper.	Giuliano Sarti	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marco Verratti (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmarko verˈratti); born 5 November 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for French club Paris Saint Germain in Ligue 1 and the Italian national football team.	Marco Verratti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fernando César de Souza (born 12 September 1980 in Jardinopolis) is a footballer from Brazil who plays as a defender for Maringá Futebol Clube.	Fernando César de Souza	defender
position played on team / speciality	Quillan Roberts (born 13 September 1994) is a Canadian soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Toronto FC.	Quillan Roberts	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sam Giddens (born 11 September 1984, Napier, New Zealand) is a rugby union player who competed professionally in New Zealand and Europe, playing as a centre.	Sam Giddens	centre
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Alejandro Torres Rojas (born 15 November 1989 in Cáqueza, Cundinamarca, Colombia) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Daniel Alejandro Torres	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Elierce Barbosa de Souza or simply Souza (born 8 March 1988 in Posse), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Bahia, on loan from Cruzeiro as a defensive midfielder.	Elierce Barbosa de Souza	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tigran Petrosyants (Armenian: Տիգրան Պետրոսյանց, born on 23 December 1973 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is a former Armenian football midfielder.	Tigran Petrosyants	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Assane Demoya Gnoukouri (pronounced: (asan dəmwaja ɲukuʁi); born 28 September 1996) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Internazionale.	Assane Demoya Gnoukouri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paolo Negro (born 16 April 1972) is a retired Italian footballer and manager who could play as either a central or right defender.	Paolo Negro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Derek Frenette (born July 13, 1971) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger.	Derek Frenette	winger
position played on team / speciality	Luca Berardocco (born 22 January 1991) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Carrarese .	Luca Berardocco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Julián Martinez Pavón or simply Ricardo Martínez (born 18 February 1984 in Asunción), is a Paraguayan defender who currently plays for Club Nacional in the Paraguayan Primera División.	Ricardo Julián Martinez Pavón	defender
position played on team / speciality	Erand Hoxha (born 25 April 1985) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a defender for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga.	Erand Hoxha	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oliver Cuadrado Martín (born 12 July 1977), known simply as Oliver, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and the current goalkeeper coach of Getafe CF.	Oliver Cuadrado Martín	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Elias Constantino Pereira Filho (born 13 February 1987 in Campos dos Goytacazes, Rio de Janeiro), simply known as Elias, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense as a forward.	Elias Constantino Pereira Filho	forward
position played on team / speciality	Niša Saveljić (Cyrillic: Ниша Савељић; born 27 March 1970) is a Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as a sweeper.	Niša Saveljić	sweeper
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Miguel Soares Vieira (born 8 January 1991 in Massarelos, Porto) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Cypriot club Anagennisi Dherynia as a goalkeeper.	Jorge Miguel Soares Vieira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marco Di Paolo (born 27 December 1987 in Venezia) is an Italian professional footballer plays for AS Ostiamare Lido Calcio as a midfielder.	Marco Di Paolo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tonči Gabrić (born 11 November 1961 in Split) is a former Croatian football player in goalkeeper role.	Tonči Gabrić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stina Segerström (born 17 June 1982) is a Swedish football defender who last played for Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC and the Swedish national team.	Stina Segerström	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alfonso De Lucia (born 12 November 1983 in Nola, Naples) is an Italian association football goalkeeper, currently playing with A.S. Livorno Calcio.	Alfonso De Lucia	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Rosato (Italian pronunciation: (roˈbɛrto roˈzato); 18 August 1943 -- 20 June 2010) was an Italian footballer, who played as a defender.	Roberto Rosato	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Milinković (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Милинковић; born 4 May 1992 in Arilje) is a Serbian football defender who currently plays for Vojvodina in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Milan Milinković	defender
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Janković (born 8 February 1992) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for SuperLiga club Čukarički.	Branislav Janković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefan de Vrij (born 5 February 1992) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Serie A club Lazio and the Netherlands national football team.	Stefan de Vrij	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vadym Zayats (Ukrainian: Вадим Григорович Заяць; born 1 June 1974, in Chernivtsi, Ukrainian SSR) is a former Ukrainian professional football midfielder who played for different Ukrainian clubs in Ukrainian Premier League.	Vadym Zayats	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yann Ekra (born 10 December 1990) is a French-Ivorian footballer who plays for Charlotte Independence as a forward and a winger.	Yann Ekra	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ivica Francišković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивица Францишковић; born 28 September 1978) is a Serbian former footballer who played mainly as an offensive midfielder.	Ivica Francišković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lafaele Moala (born 22 July 1982) in Tonga is a footballer who plays as an Offensive midfielder.	Lafaele Moala	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Massimo Bonini (born 13 October 1959) is a former Sammarinese footballer and coach, who played as a midfielder for Italian sides Bellaria Igea Marina, Forlì, Cesena, Juventus and Bologna.	Massimo Bonini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Walter Guglielmone Gómez (born April 11, 1978 in Salto, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan football forward, who last played for Beijing Technology.	Walter Guglielmone	forward
position played on team / speciality	Victor Ottoboni was a U.S. soccer goalkeeper who earned one cap with the U.S. national team in an 8-1 loss to England on May 28, 1959.	Victor Ottoboni	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jun Min-kyung (Hangul: 전민경, born 16 January 1985) is a South Korean women's football goalkeeper, who plays for Daekyo Kangaroos WFC in South Korean WK-League and the South Korea women's national football team.	Jun Min-kyung	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ján Štajer (born 18 February 1982 in Alekšince) is a Slovak football defender who recently played for the 2.	Ján Štajer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Leon Lalite previously known as Leon Bell (born 19 December 1980 in Hitchin) is an English professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Grays Athletic in the Isthmian League.	Leon Lalite	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nemanja Stojanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Стојановић; born 9 April 1987) is a Serbian football midfielder who played for Sloboda Užice in Serbian First League.	Nemanja Stojanović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paweł Golański (born October 12, 1982 in Łódź), is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Górnik Zabrze.	Paweł Golański	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andy Saull (born 27 September 1988 in London) is a rugby union player who plays at flanker for Yorkshire Carnegie in the RFU Championship.	Andy Saull	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Manuel Correia dos Santos (pronounced: (ˈkaɾluʃ mɐnuˈɛɫ); born 15 January 1958), known as Carlos Manuel, is a retired Portuguese professional footballer who played as a central midfielder, and the current manager of Iranian club Sanat Naft FC.	Carlos Manuel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vincent Bachet (born 29 April 1978 in Saint-Maurice-le-Girard, France) is a professional French ice hockey defenceman who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men's ice hockey team.	Vincent Bachet	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Dave Martindale (born 9 April 1964) is an English former professional footballer who played as midfielder for Tranmere Rovers.	Dave Martindale	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Alexandre Jamuana, known simply as Jamuana, in an Angolan footballer who plays as a defender for Petro Atlético in Luanda and for the Angola national team.	Manuel Alexandre Jamuana	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cristina Vega Leandro (born 3 April 1981), also known as Keka, is a Spanish football midfielder, currently playing in England's WPL for Keynsham Town.	Cristina Vega	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fábio de Jesus or simply Fabinho (born October 16, 1976, in Nova Iguaçu), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Fábio de Jesus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kang Kuk-chol (Chosŏn'gŭl: 강국철; hancha: 江國哲) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a defender.	Kang Kuk-chol	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lázaro Luan Scapolan (born 30 December 1988), simply known as Luan, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Red Bull Brasil.	Luan Scapolan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alves Nilo Marcos Lima Fortes (born 6 November 1966), commonly known as Vinha, is a Cape Verdean retired footballer who played as a centre forward.	Vinha	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nizamettin Çalışkan (born 20 March 1987 in Hagen) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays in the midfielder position.	Nizamettin Çalışkan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jani Viander (born 18 August 1975) is a Finnish former football goalkeeper who currently works as the Lead Academy Goalkeeper Coach at League One side Brentford.	Jani Viander	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Maksym Ilchysh (Ukrainian: Максим Олександрович Ільчиш; born 5 November 1992 in Poltava in the Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Karlivka in the Ukrainian Second League Ilchysh is the product of the Sportive School of Molod Poltava.	Maksym Ilchysh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Emiliano Elias Zapata (born August 12, 1986) is an Argentinian football offensive midfielder .	Emiliano Elias Zapata	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Courtney Wetzel (born February 25, 1989) is an American soccer midfielder.	Courtney Wetzel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Dawo (born 1964) is a former Kenya international football forward who played for clubs in Kenya, Egypt and Oman.	Peter Dawo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sessi D'Almeida (born 20 November 1995 in France) is a Beninese footballer who currently plays for French side Paris Saint-Germain B. He plays as a defensive midfielder.	Sessi D'Almeida	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marián Ľalík (born 7 February 1972) is a Slovak retired football midfielder who played professionally in Slovakia, Czech Republic, Greece, Turkey and Cyprus.	Marián Ľalík	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ihor Luchkevych (Ukrainian: Ігор Валерійович Лучкевич; born 19 November 1973 in Oleksandrivka, Novotroitske Raion, Kherson Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a former Ukrainian professional football midfielder and current Ukrainian coach.	Ihor Luchkevych	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Guillermo Riveros Conejeros (10 February 1902 - 8 October 1959) was an Chilean football defender.	Guillermo Riveros	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adiel de Oliveira Amorim, or simply Adiel (born 13 August 1980), is a Brazilian midfielder.	Adiel de Oliveira Amorim	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Veli Kavlak (born 3 November 1988) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Süper Lig club Beşiktaş as a midfielder, having previously played for Rapid Wien.	Veli Kavlak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Massimo Brambilla (born 4 March 1973 in Vimercate, Milan) is a former Italian football player, who played as an offensive midfielder.	Massimo Brambilla	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andy Gruenebaum (/ˈɡriːnəbɔːm/; born December 30, 1982) is a retired American professional soccer goalkeeper.	Andy Gruenebaum	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mary Harvey (born June 4, 1965) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper.	Mary Harvey	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mikael Rönnberg (born February 6, 1957) in Stockholm) is a retired football player who played as a midfielder for several Swedish clubs (mostly for Hammarby IF) and the Greek Football League club Larissa F.C.	Mikael Rönnberg	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olivier Sorlin (born 9 April 1979 in Saint-Étienne, Loire) is a French football midfielder, currently playing for Evian.	Olivier Sorlin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Guillaume Dequaire (born 11 July 1990) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Châteauroux as a central defender.	Guillaume Dequaire	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marcel Husson (born 23 January 1937 in Metz) is a retired French football defender and manager.	Marcel Husson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tomas Lafchis also pronounced Thomas Lafkis (Bulgarian: Томас Лафчис, Greek: Θωμάς Λαφτσής; born 6 August 1958) is a Greek-Bulgarian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper for clubs in Bulgaria, Greece and Belgium.	Tomas Lafchis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Avni Pepa (born 14 November 1988) is a Kosovar footballer of Norwegian-Albanian descent who plays for ÍBV Vestmannaeyjar as a defender.	Avni Pepa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tsvetan Krastev (Bulgarian: Цветан Кръстев; born 3 December 1978) is a Bulgarian retired football defender and now referee in Bulgarian A Group, B Group and Bulgarian Cup .	Tsvetan Krastev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mustafa Akbaş (born 30 May 1990) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Kayserispor on loan from Trabzonspor.	Mustafa Akbaş	defender
position played on team / speciality	Chris Heid (born March 14, 1983) is a dual Canadian-German professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent.	Chris Heid	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Justo Ruiz González (born 31 August 1969 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque Country) is an Andorran retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and a current coach.	Justo Ruiz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tirthankar Sarkar (born 1 July 1993 in Kolkata, West Bengal) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mohun Bagan in the I-League.	Tirthankar Sarkar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Narciso dos Santos, or just Narciso (born 23 December 1973 in Neópolis, Sergipe) is a former Brazilian football midfielder.	Narciso dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ian Lister (5 September 1946 -- 8 February 2013) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a winger.	Ian Lister	winger
position played on team / speciality	Anestis Argyriou (Greek: Ανέστης Αργυρίου; born 4 January 1988) is a Greek footballer who played as a defender for Ethnikos Achna in the Cypriot First Division.	Anestis Argyriou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jamie Gosling (born 21 March 1982 in Bath) is an English semi-professional football midfielder.	Jamie Gosling	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thorbjørn Holst Rasmussen (born 21 March 1987 in Silkeborg) is a Danish footballer who plays as a defender currently on a contract with the Danish Superliga club SIF.	Thorbjørn Holst Rasmussen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vyacheslav Buravchikov (born May 22, 1987) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently with CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Vyacheslav Buravchikov	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Eduardo Marques (born 18 July 1987) is a Brazilian attacking midfielder or a left winger.	Carlos Eduardo Marques	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Tilley (born 6 September 1957 in Feltham, London Borough of Hounslow) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a defender.	Kevin Tilley	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oleg Lotov (Russian: Олег Лотов; born 21 November 1975) is a former Kazakhstan international football defender.	Oleg Lotov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adnan Zahirović (born 23 March 1990) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Israeli club Hapoel Acre and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Adnan Zahirović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yılmaz Özlem (born 1 June 1972) is a Turkish former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Yılmaz Özlem	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mark MacKain is a retired American soccer defender who played in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and American Soccer League.	Mark MacKain	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anton Ciprian Tătărușanu (Romanian pronunciation: (t͡ʃipriˈan tətəruˈʃanu); born 9 February 1986) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Fiorentina and the Romania national team.	Ciprian Tătărușanu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Allan Egeland (born January 31, 1973 in Lethbridge, Alberta) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre.	Allan Egeland	centre
position played on team / speciality	Adam Weiner (born March 28, 1975 in Gdynia) is a Polish handball goalkeeper, member of the Polish National Handball Team and silver medalist at the 2007 World Men's Handball Championship.	Adam Weiner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rastislav Staňa (born 10 January 1980 in Košice, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for HC Sparta Praha.	Rastislav Staňa	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Devon Makin (born 11 November 1990) is a Belizean professional footballer who currently plays for Police United and the Belize national football team as a midfielder.	Devon Makin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Angelo Schiavio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈandʒelo ˈskjavjo); 15 October 1905 -- 17 April 1990) was an Italian footballer who played as a forward.	Angelo Schiavio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jackson Mabokgwane (born 19 January 1988 in Polokwane, Limpopo) is a South African football (soccer) player who plays as a goalkeeper for Mpumalanga Black Aces in the Premier Soccer League and the South African National Football Team.	Jackson Mabokgwane	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Elisabeth Leidinge (born 6 March 1957) is a Swedish former association football goalkeeper who won 112 caps for the Sweden women's national football team.	Elisabeth Leidinge	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Sechkov (Bulgarian: Мартин Сечков; born 17 November 1986 in Kyustendil) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a defender for Septemvri Simitli.	Martin Sechkov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Clemer Melo da Silva or simply Clemer (born October 20, 1968 in São Luís), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as goalkeeper and the current Manager	Clemer	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Súni Olsen (born 7 March 1981) is a Faroese professional football midfielder who currently plays at Faroese club Víkingur.	Súni Olsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Danny Hoekman is a footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Manchester City.	Danny Hoekman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maximiliano Daniel Biancucchi Cuccitini, usually known as Maxi Biancucchi (born September 15, 1984), is an Argentine football forward who plays for Bahia of Brazil.	Maxi Biancucchi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ross Turnbull (born 4 January 1985) is an English footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Leeds United.	Ross Turnbull	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sergei Igorevich Kirillov (Russian: Серге́й Игоревич Кириллов; born September 30, 1989) is a football midfielder who last played for FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo.	Sergei Igorevich Kirillov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milan Luković is a Serbian ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Serbian national ice hockey team.	Milan Luković	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Pierpaolo Bisoli (born 20 November 1966 in Porretta Terme) is an Italian football manager and former midfielder.	Pierpaolo Bisoli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cory Cross (born January 3, 1971 in Lloydminster, Alberta) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman, who played twelve seasons in the National Hockey League.	Cory Cross	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Milan Makarić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Макарић; born 4 October 1995) is a Serbian football midfielder who is currently playing for Spartak Subotica in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Milan Makarić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vance Warner (born 3 September 1974) is a former English professional footballer who played as a defender from 1994 until 2000 notably for Nottingham Forest, as well as appearing for Grimsby Town and Rotherham United.	Vance Warner	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luis Ángel Carrillo Alvarado (born January 27, 1986) is a Mexican football midfielder currently playing for Atlante F.C., in the Primera División de México.	Luis Ángel Carrillo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lance Robson (27 December 1939 -- 1987) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward, making over 200 appearances in the Football League.	Lance Robson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Debbie Rademacher (born May 27, 1966, as Debbie Belkin) is an American retired soccer defender who was a member of the United States women's national soccer team.	Debbie Rademacher	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ronny Nouwen (born 21 July 1982 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a football midfielder who currently plays in the Netherlands for top amateur side IFC Ambacht.	Ronny Nouwen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mircea David (16 October 1914 -- 12 October 1993) was a Romanian football player, who played as a goalkeeper.	Mircea David	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	George Tintle (December 24, 1892 in Harrison, New Jersey -- January 14, 1975 in Harrison, New Jersey) was a U.S. soccer goalkeeper who played the first two U.S. national team games in 1916.	George Tintle	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Darut Changplook (Thai: ดารัตน์ ช่างปลูก born 3 February 1988) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a defender.	Darut Changplook	defender
position played on team / speciality	Koo Ja-cheol (Hangul: 구자철; born 27 February 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the former captain of South Korean football team.	Koo Ja-cheol	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Franco Costanzo (born 5 September 1980) is an Argentine football goalkeeper who plays for Chilean club Universidad Católica of the Primera División.	Franco Costanzo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lupce Acevski (born 14 November 1977) was an Australian-Macedonian goalkeeper who made over 300 senior appearances mainly in the Victorian Premier League.	Lupce Acevski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carsten Christensen (born 28 August 1986) is a Danish goalkeeper playing for AaB.	Carsten Christensen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Viktor Klonaridis (Greek: Βίκτωρ Κλωναρίδης, born 28 July 1992) is a Greek-Belgian footballer who plays for Panathinaikos in the Superleague Greece, as an attacking midfielder or winger.	Viktor Klonaridis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	André-Frank Zambo Anguissa (born 16 November 1995) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a center midfielder for Ligue 1 club Marseille.	André-Frank Zambo Anguissa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Fauzi Nan is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Kedah in the Malaysian Super League as a defender.	Mohd Fauzi Nan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Amido Baldé (born 16 May 1991) is a Guinea-Bissauan professional footballer who plays for Angolan club S.L. Benfica (Luanda) as a centre forward.	Amido Baldé	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marty Ruff (born May 19, 1963, in Warburg, Alberta) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman.	Marty Ruff	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Hiromi Ikeda (born Hiromi Isozaki, December 22, 1975) is a Japanese former football defender.	Hiromi Ikeda	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marko Elsner (born 11 April 1960) is a retired Slovenian footballer who played in the defender position.	Marko Elsner	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shkodran Mustafi (born 17 April 1992) is a German professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Spanish club Valencia CF and the Germany national team.	Shkodran Mustafi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Komazec (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Комазец ; born 15 November 1987) is a Serbian professional football forward.	Nikola Komazec	forward
position played on team / speciality	Samuel Eto'o is a fast, energetic forward, who is known for his stamina, work-rate, and his accurate finishing ability in the air and with his feet.	Samuel Eto'o	forward
position played on team / speciality	Koné Seydou (born 26 December 1987) is an Ivorian football defender currently playing for Thai Division 1 League side Krabi.	Koné Seydou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Maraš (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Мараш; born 19 December 1995) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Rad in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Nikola Maraš	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anton Hay (Ukrainian: Антон Анатолійович Гай; born 25 February 1986 in Zaporizhia, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently a free agent.	Anton Hay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grant Gondrezick (born January 19, 1963) is a retired American professional basketball player, in the shooting guard position.	Grant Gondrezick	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Benhalima Rouane (born February 28, 1979 in Frenda, Tiaret Province) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for AS Khroub in the Algerian league.	Benhalima Rouane	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vincent Chileshe is a Zambian coach and former goalkeeper.	Vincent Chileshe	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Johan Gastien (born 25 January 1988) is a French professional football midfielder who currently plays for Dijon.	Johan Gastien	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iustin Popescu (born 1 September 1993 in Craiova) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Petrolul Ploiești on loan from Dinamo București as a goalkeeper.	Iustin Popescu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Joseph Walsh (born 28 April 1923 in Waterford, Ireland), commonly referred to as Davy Walsh or Dave Walsh, is a former Irish footballer who played as a centre forward for, among others, Linfield, West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa.	Davy Walsh	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tom Purdie (born c.1854, died 27th December 1929) is a former Scottish football fullback who played for Heart of Midlothian.	Tom Purdie	fullback
position played on team / speciality	Miralem Pjanić (born 2 April 1990) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Roma and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Miralem Pjanić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Predko (born 25 April 1988 in Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender currently plaining for the Italian Serie C1/A club A.C. Pro Sesto.	Serhiy Predko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Westley Howard Harvey (1877--1904) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward for Aston Villa, Burslem Port Vale and Manchester City in the Football League in the 1890s and early 1900s.	Howard Harvey	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ye Zaw Htet Aung (Burmese: ရဲဇော်ထက်အောင်; born 1 April 1991) is a footballer from Burma, and a defender for Myanmar national football team and Myanmar U-22 football team.	Ye Zaw Htet Aung	defender
position played on team / speciality	Willie McCulloch (born 2 April 1973 in Baillieston, Glasgow) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper.	Willie McCulloch	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	A product of the Shillong Lajong youth academy, forward Redeem Tlang had risen to prominence during 2013 Shillong First Division League, the second tier in Shillong's football league structure, where he had scored goals for fun for his club, compelling coach Singto to bring him into the senior side.	Redeem Tlang	forward
position played on team / speciality	Panayiotis Kythreotis (Greek: Παναγιώτης Κυθρεώτης) is a Cypriot football player, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for AEK Larnaca.	Panayiotis Kythreotis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rafał Wolski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈrafaw ˈvɔlskʲi); born 10 November 1992 in Kozienice) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for KV Mechelen on loan from Fiorentina.	Rafał Wolski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Žarko Čabarkapa (Serbian Cyrillic: Жарко Чабаркапа; pronounced (ʒǎːrkɔ̝ tʃabǎrkapa); born May 21, 1981) is a retired Montenegrin professional basketball player who played at the power forward position.	Žarko Čabarkapa	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Assunção da Silva (born 25 January 1980), known as Assunção, is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Paulo Assunção	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kristien Elsen is a Belgian football midfielder currently playing in the Belgian 1st Division for Lierse SK.	Kristien Elsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John Calvey (23 June 1875 -- 1937) was an English international footballer, who played as a centre forward.	John Calvey	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ali Sunan (born November 1, 1970) is an Indonesian football player and manager who previously plays as midfielder for PKT Bontang, PSIS Semarang, Persela Lamongan, PSJS South Jakarta and the Indonesia national team.	Ali Sunan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Badrulzaman Abdul Halim (born on 2 April 1978 Selangor) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a goalkeeper for PDRM FC.	Badrulzaman Abdul Halim	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abdoulaye Fall (born 18 May 1989) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Real Balompédica Linense in Spain, as a defensive midfielder.	Abdoulaye Fall	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rees Thomas (1882--14 June 1926) was a Welsh international rugby union back row player who was utilised usually as a flanker or Number 8.	Rees Thomas	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Karel Kula (born 10 August 1963) is a retired Czech football midfielder and former general manager of Karviná and FK Fotbal Třinec.	Karel Kula	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Welle N'Diaye (born 5 April 1990) is a Senegalese football player who plays as a midfielder for the Slovenian PrvaLiga club Maribor.	Welle N'Diaye	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	In the subsequent years, Romário formed, along with fellow Brazilian forward Ronaldo, a feared attacking combo, which was colloquially referred to as the Ro-Ro duo.	Romário	forward
position played on team / speciality	Héverton Durães Coutinho Alves, (born October 28, 1985 in Brasília, Distrito Federal, Brazil) is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder.	Héverton Durães Coutinho Alves	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Ready (born 11 July 1993) is a rugby union player for the Queensland Reds team in the Super Rugby competition, playing as a hooker.	Andrew Ready	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Franck Gava (born 3 February 1970 in Montargis, Loiret) is a former French footballer, who played as an attacking midfielder.	Franck Gava	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dor Peretz ( Hebrew: דור פרץ‎; born May 17, 1995), is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Israeli football club Maccabi Tel Aviv.	Dor Peretz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kouassi Yao Hermann (born 26 January 1990), known as Yao Hermann Kouassi and Hermann Yao Kouassi, is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Chiangmai in the Regional League Division 2, as a forward.	Kouassi Yao Hermann	forward
position played on team / speciality	Massimo Taibi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmassimo taˈibi); born 18 February 1970) is a retired Italian footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for several clubs, mostly in Italy's Serie A, B, and C1.	Massimo Taibi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Iñigo Vélez de Mendizábal Fernández de Garaialde (born 15 March 1982), known as Iñigo or Vélez, is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward.	Iñigo Vélez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ronald Donev (Bulgarian: Роналд Донев; born 13 May 1991) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Septemvri Sofia as a defender.	Ronald Donev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Filip Kiss (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈfilip ˈkiʃ), Hungarian: Kiss Fülöp (ˈkiʃ ˈfyløp); born 13 October 1990) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Norwegian club FK Haugesund, on loan from Cardiff City.	Filip Kiss	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matana Paongo is a Tongan footballer who plays as a defender.	Matana Paongo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robert Rico (born March 10, 1945 in Agadir) is a retired French professional football offensive midfielder.	Robert Rico	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diego Zarzosa Peña (b. 25 December 1975 in Valladolid) is a Spanish rugby union hooker who plays for CR El Salvador in the División de Honor.	Diego Zarzosa	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Arnold Birch (1891--1964) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Arnold Birch	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Graham Dorrans (born 5 May 1987) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Premier League club Norwich City and the Scotland national team.	Graham Dorrans	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kristopher Faulds (born 3 July 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish League Two side East Stirlingshire.	Kristopher Faulds	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wally Ardron (19 September 1918 -- 1978) was a footballer born in Swinton, South Yorkshire, and who played as a centre forward.	Wally Ardron	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tomasz Warczachowski (born September 13, 1974 in Toruń) is a Polish footballer (defender).	Tomasz Warczachowski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Edgaras Tumasonis (born 8 May 1968 in Alytus) is a retired Lithuanian football defender, who last played for FK Sirijus Klaipėda during his professional career.	Edgaras Tumasonis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jamel McLean (born 18 April 1988) is an American professional basketball player who plays for EA7 Emporio Armani Milano of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 6 ft 8 in (2.03 m), he plays at the power forward position.	Jamel McLean	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Guyon Fernandez (born 18 April 1986) is a Curaçaoan professional footballer who last played as a forward for Australian club Perth Glory.	Guyon Fernandez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mpangi Merikani (born 4 April 1967) is a retired Zaire international footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.	Mpangi Merikani	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andrey Popovich (Ukrainian: Андрій Володимирович Попович, Hungarian: Popovics András Vlagyimir; born 4 March 1992 in Chop, Zakarpattia Oblast, Ukraine) is an Azerbaijani football goalkeeper of Hungarian ethnicity playing currently for Gabala.	Andrey Popovich	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Colin Rocke is a retired Trinidad-American association football forward who played professionally in the Continental Indoor Soccer League and USISL A-League.	Colin Rocke	forward
position played on team / speciality	Volodymyr Mykolayovych Savchenko (Ukrainian: Володимир Миколайович Савченко; Russian: Владимир Николаевич Савченко; born 9 September 1973 in Donetsk Oblast) is a retired Ukrainian footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Volodymyr Mykolayovych Savchenko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sidney Moraes de Almeida Júnior (born 3 March 1977 in Ituiutaba, Minas Gerais), known simply as Sidney, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and a current coach.	Sidney Moraes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mario Bühler (born 5 January 1992 in Emmen) is a football defender playing for FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League.	Mario Bühler	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giulio Nuciari (born 26 April 1960 in Piovene Rocchette, Province of Vicenza) is an Italian football coach and former goalkeeper.	Giulio Nuciari	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Damjan Bohar (born 18 October 1991 in Mačkovci) is a Slovenian football midfielder.	Damjan Bohar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lionel Chalmers, Jr. (born November 10, 1980) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Chalons-Reims of the LNB Pro A. He is 6'0`` (1.83 m) in height and plays at the point guard position.	Lionel Chalmers	point guard
position played on team / speciality	George Spruce (3 April 1923 -- 14 October 1998) was a professional footballer who played as a defender in The Football League for three different clubs.	George Spruce	defender
position played on team / speciality	Method Mwanjali (born 25 April 1983 in Hwange) is a Zimbabwean football player who plays as a defender for Mpumalanga Black Aces in the South African Premier Soccer League.	Method Mwanjali	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lencho Skibba (Amharic: ለንችሆ ጽኪብባ?, born 18 February 1988 in Dire Dawa) is an Ethiopian football midfielder.	Lencho Skibba	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Erhard Hofeditz (born 7 December 1953, in Wolfhagen) is a retired German footballer who played as a centre forward.	Erhard Hofeditz	forward
position played on team / speciality	Keith Aqui was a Trinidad association football forward who played professionally in the American Soccer League and the North American Soccer League.	Keith Aqui	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brahim Ben Daoud (born May 7, 1994) is a French professional footballer who plays as a forward for Istres, on loan from AC Arles-Avignon.	Brahim Ben Daoud	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tamara Stocks Lee (born January 29, 1979), née Tamara Stocks, is an American former college and professional basketball player who was a forward and center in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) for a single season in 2001.	Tamara Stocks	center
position played on team / speciality	Tom Muyters (born 5 December 1984 in Tongeren) is a Belgian professional football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Excelsior in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Tom Muyters	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tyler Plante (born April 16, 1987) is an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently with the Sheffield Steelers of the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).	Tyler Plante	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Danny Preda (Hebrew: דני פרדה‎; born 1 April 1987) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hapoel Bnei Lod in the Liga Leumit.	Danny Preda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Felipe Trevizan Martins or simply Felipe (born 15 May 1987 in Americana), is a Brazilian central defender who currently plays for German club Hannover 96.	Felipe Trevizan Martins	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sun Shoubo (simplified Chinese: 孙寿博; traditional Chinese: 孫壽博; pinyin: Sūn Shòubó; born June 11, 1983 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Wuhan Zall as a goalkeeper in the China League One.	Sun Shoubo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mike Dowler (born Caldicot, Monmouthshire) is a retired Welsh professional football goalkeeper.	Mike Dowler	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nabeel Sabah Zghaiyer Al-Helechi (Arabic: نبيل صباح زغير الهليجي‎, born July 1, 1990 in Baghdad, Iraq), is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a winger and sometimes as attacking midfielder for Al-Shorta in Iraqi Premier League.	Nabeel Sabah	winger
position played on team / speciality	Barry Nicholson (born 24 August 1978 in Dumfries, Scotland) is a Scottish former professional footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Barry Nicholson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Óscar Alcides Mena Fernández, nicknamed El Mencho (born 30 November 1970), is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and a current manager.	Óscar Alcides Mena	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	On 3 September 2015, MFK Zemplín Michalovce announce signing of Georgian defender Akaki Khubutia.	Akaki Khubutia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Natia Natia (born March 2, 1985) is an American Samoan international footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Natia Natia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sarah Crilly (born 17 October 1991) is a Scottish football midfielder who plays for the Scotland women's national football team and Glasgow City, of the Scottish Women's Premier League (SWPL).	Sarah Crilly	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thulasizwe Mbuyane (born 13 August 1983 in Mamelodi, Gauteng) is a South African football midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Mpumalanga Black Aces and South Africa.	Thulasizwe Mbuyane	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Trigueros Martínez (born 8 December 1966 in Ahuachapán, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran footballer who played as a central defender for Luis Ángel Firpo in the Salvadoran Premier League.	Giovanni Trigueros	defender
position played on team / speciality	Allan van Rankin Galland (born 4 October 1987) is a Mexican footballer of Dutch descent who plays as a goalkeeper for Atlante of the Primera División de Mexico.	Allan van Rankin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Henrik Bertilsson (born 16 October 1969) is a retired Swedish professional football forward.	Henrik Bertilsson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ansah Owusu (born 22 November 1979 in London Borough of Hackney) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a midfielder.	Ansah Owusu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Povilas Valinčius (born 16 May 1989 in Marijampolė) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper and is free of contract.	Povilas Valinčius	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Christina Pedersen (born 1982) is a Danish former team handball goalkeeper.	Christina Pedersen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hiram Hunte (born 21 May 1985) is an international football player from Saint Lucia, who plays as a midfielder.	Hiram Hunte	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Renan Teixeira da Silva, simply known as Renan (born 29 March 1985 in Caieiras), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguesa as a defensive midfielder.	Renan Teixeira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mariusz Jop (ˈmarjuʂ ˈjɔp) (born 3 August 1978 in Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski) is a retired Polish footballer who played as a defender.	Mariusz Jop	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vangelis Tsiamis (Greek: Βαγγέλης Τσιάμης, born 14 July 1991) is a Greek professional football player, currently playing as a defender for Football League club Acharnaikos, on loan from Veria.	Vangelis Tsiamis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sandy McAllister (c. 1878 in Kilmarnock, Scotland -- 1914) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a Central defender.	Sandy McAllister	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aldair Sapalo Amaro Neto (born 22 July 1994 in Luanda) simply Aldair or Aldair Neto, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Marítimo B as a forward.	Aldair Sapalo Amaro Neto	forward
position played on team / speciality	Maximiliano Leonel Rodríguez (born April 1, 1994 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Argentinos Juniors.	Maximiliano Leonel Rodríguez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo Tejera (born August 6, 1973 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Marcelo Tejera	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Comi (born 26 July 1964) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder and the current general manager of Torino.	Antonio Comi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maciej Mysiak (born February 4, 1984 in Radziszewo) is a Polish footballer (defender), currently playing for Limanovia Limanowa.	Maciej Mysiak	defender
position played on team / speciality	Akbar Ismatullaev is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays as a defender.	Akbar Ismatullaev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alex Santos Araújo (born 19 December 1993), commonly known as Alex Santos or just Alex, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward and for Campeonato Brasileiro Série C side Guaratinguetá.	Alex Santos Araújo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Islam Magdy (born 1990 in Zagazig) is an Egyptian footballer who last played as a midfielder for Svetkavitsa in the Bulgarian A PFG.	Islam Magdy	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Hasbullah Awang (born 3 April 1983 in Terengganu) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for T-Team in Malaysia Super League as a defender.	Mohd Hasbullah Awang	defender
position played on team / speciality	Johanna Frisk (born 19 March 1986) is a Swedish former football defender who played for Tyresö FF of the Damallsvenskan for four seasons prior to her retirement in January 2014.	Johanna Frisk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Patrice Rio (born August 15, 1948 in Le Petit-Quevilly, Seine-Maritime) is a retired football defender from France, who obtained a total number of 17 international caps for the France national football team in the 1970s.	Patrice Rio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kostadin Bashov (Bulgarian: Костадин Башов; born 26 November 1982 in Gotse Delchev) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a forward for Enosis Neon Paralimni in Cyprus.	Kostadin Bashov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Peter Downsborough (born 13 September 1943 in Halifax) is a retired goalkeeper.	Peter Downsborough	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ariel Francisco Rodríguez Araya, known as Ariel Rodríguez (born September 27, 1989 in San José) is a professional Costa Rican footballer who plays in Thailand for Bangkok Glass and the Costa Rica national football team as a forward.	Ariel Francisco Rodríguez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Danilo Pantić (Serbian Cyrillic: Данило Пантић; born 26 October 1996) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dutch side Vitesse, on loan from Chelsea.	Danilo Pantić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Javier Ignacio Leon Mira (born March 23, 1982 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine central defender, with a lot of experiencie playing around the world currently with no club.	Javier Ignacio Leon Mira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wahyu Gunawan (born in Malang, East Java, November 10, 1985) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Deltras in the Indonesia Super League as a defender and midfielder.	Wahyu Gunawan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dino Gifford (6 January 1917 -- 5 November 2013) was an Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Viareggio, Livorno, Modena, Molinella, Le Signe and L'Aquila Calcio.	Dino Gifford	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petr Filipský (born 9 July 1985) is a Czech footballer, who plays as a midfielder.	Petr Filipský	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nick Courtney (born November 30 1987) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender for New York Athletic Club in the National Premier Soccer League.	Nick Courtney	defender
position played on team / speciality	Petyo Dinkov (Bulgarian: Петьо Динков) (born 8 December 1979 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who currently plays for Bansko.	Petyo Dinkov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Slane (born 25 November 1991) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Clyde.	Paul Slane	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Essam El-Hadary (Arabic: عصام الدين كمال توفيق الحضري‎; born 15 January 1973) is an Egyptian goalkeeper, playing for Egyptian Premier League club Wadi Degla and Egypt national football team.	Essam El-Hadary	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ara Nigoyan (born 27 October 1968) is a retired football defender and midfielder from Armenia.	Ara Nigoyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Petr Vašek (born 9 April 1979, in Čeladná) is a Czech football goalkeeper.	Petr Vašek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Shane MacEachern (born December 14, 1967 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a retired ice hockey centre.	Shane MacEachern	centre
position played on team / speciality	Dominique Richardson (born 6 September 1992), is a Bermudian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Dominique Richardson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexandra Svetlitskaya is a former Russian football midfielder who represented Russia in the 1999 and 2003 World Cups.	Alexandra Svetlitskaya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Benoît Barros (born 6 August 1989) is a French footballer who currently plays for Belfort as a defensive midfielder.	Benoît Barros	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jaime Daniel Melão Simões (born 11 June 1989 in Santarém), known simply as Jaime, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Apollon Limassol on loan from C.F. União mainly as a central defender.	Jaime Daniel Melão Simões	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Álvarez Puig (born 11 September 1984 in Vigo, Galicia), known as Richy, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC as a central defender.	Ricardo Álvarez Puig	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marquez Fernandez (born September 7, 1992) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder.	Marquez Fernandez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lassina Diomandé (born 24 June 1979 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is an Ivorian footballer who plays in the defender position.	Lassina Diomandé	defender
position played on team / speciality	Loukima Tamoukini (born 6 September 1975 in Kinshasa) is a Congolese footballer who plays for Portuguese club Sociedade União Perolivense as a defensive midfielder.	Loukima Tamoukini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nima Delavari (Persian: نیما دلاوری‎‎) is an Iranian football defender who plays for Nassaji Mazandaran in the Azadegan League.	Nima Delavari	defender
position played on team / speciality	Seak Poh Leong (born 1952) is a former Singapore national football team captain who played for National Football League side Singapore Armed Forces Sports Association and Singapore FA in the Malaysia Cup as a midfielder.	Seak Poh Leong	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oswald Littler (15 February 1907 -- 21 January 1970) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside-forward for various clubs in the 1920s and 1930s.	Oswald Littler	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gabriel Lettieri is an Argentine football midfielder He was born on March 1, 1975, in the Capital Federal district of Buenos Aires in Argentina.	Gabriel Lettieri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sebastián Rodrigo Martínez (born April 11, 1983 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan association football defender currently playing for Atlético Rafaela of the Argentine Primera División.	Sebastián Rodrigo Martínez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Greer Barnes (born November 5, 1987 in Rye, New York) is an American soccer defender who last played for FC Gold Pride of Women's Professional Soccer.	Greer Barnes	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nathan Talbott (born 21 October 1984) is an English professional football midfielder who last played for Stafford Rangers.	Nathan Talbott	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Omar Pastoriza (23 May 1942 -- 2 August 2004) was a football midfielder for Independiente, AS Monaco, and the Argentina national football team, as well as manager for many teams including the Venezuelan national team.	José Omar Pastoriza	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Stryzheus (Ukrainian: Андрій Святославович Стрижеус; born 18 August 1995) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Dinamo Brest.	Andriy Stryzheus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bernard King (born December 4, 1956) is an American retired professional basketball player at the small forward position in the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Bernard King	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Lakdar Boussaha (born July 18, 1987 in Bourg St Maurice, France) is a French-Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for Bourg-Péronnas in the Ligue 2.	Lakdar Boussaha	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vyacheslav Churko (Ukrainian: В'ячеслав В'ячеславович Чурко, born 10 May 1993 in Uzhhorod, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for Puskás Akadémia FC.	Vyacheslav Churko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Francisco Casanova Canchila (born July 6, 1984) is a Venezuelan soccer midfielder who plays for Atlético Venezuela.	Jorge Francisco Casanova	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dimitar Rangelov (Bulgarian: Димитър Рангелов, born 9 February 1983) is a Bulgarian football forward who plays for Turkish side Konyaspor and the Bulgarian national team.	Dimitar Rangelov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kensi Tangis is a Vanuatuan footballer who plays as a forward for Solomon Island topclub Solomon Warriors	Kensi Tangis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pere Gratacós Boix (born 14 February 1958) is a Spanish retired football central defender and coach.	Pere Gratacós	defender
position played on team / speciality	João Evangelista Belfort Duarte, commonly known as Belfort Duarte (November 27, 1883 -- November 27, 1918), was a Brazilian football central defender.	Belfort Duarte	defender
position played on team / speciality	Haim Levin (born c. 1937 in Petah Tikva) is a former Israeli football goalkeeper who is most famous for playing in Maccabi Tel Aviv and for Israel in the 1960s.	Haim Levin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Björn Sengier (born 12 July 1979) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Belgian club KSC Hasselt.	Björn Sengier	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kasper Pedersen (born 13 January 1993) is a Danish defender, playing for AaB.	Kasper Pedersen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dylan Caton is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a midfielder for Sydney FC in the A-League.	Dylan Caton	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Nowak (born January 13, 1982 in Jastrzębie Zdrój) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper who currently plays for Termalica Bruk-Bet.	Sebastian Nowak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Radek Petr (born 24 February 1987) is a Czech footballer who plays as a goalkeeper as a free agent.	Radek Petr	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Maksym Lapushenko (Ukrainian: Максим Сергійович Лапушенко; born 19 February 1992, Kiev, Ukraine) is a Ukraine football defender who plays for Leixões S.C..	Maksym Lapushenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Chenbay (Ukrainian: Сергій Дмитрович Ченбай, born 6 November 1992 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Kremin Kremenchuk in the Ukrainian Second League.	Serhiy Chenbay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mark Dougherty (born November 7, 1967 in Santa Clara, California, United States) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played in the Western Soccer League, American Professional Soccer League, USISL and Major League Soccer.	Mark Dougherty	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hugh McLeish (10 June 1948 -- December 2004) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Luton Town and in the Scottish League for Berwick Rangers.	Hugh McLeish	forward
position played on team / speciality	József Somogyi (born 23 May 1968) is a Hungarian football player who has played at attacking midfielder.	József Somogyi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giosuè Fioriti (born 3 May 1989, in Gubbio) is an Italian football forward who currently plays for A.S. Gualdo Calcio.	Giosuè Fioriti	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Sebastian (born November 21, 1971 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.	Jeff Sebastian	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Stana (born 2 December 1982) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Petrolul Ploiești.	Daniel Stana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Akaki Devadze (born 28 November 1971) is a retired Georgian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Akaki Devadze	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Claudio Arbiza Zanuttini (born March 3, 1967 in Montevideo) is a retired Uruguayan football goalkeeper who won league titles in Uruguay, Paraguay and Chile.	Claudio Arbiza	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mickaël Pereira (born 28 September 1991, in Grenoble) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Olhanense as a midfielder.	Mickaël Pereira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dennis Wright (19 December 1919 -- August 1993) was an English football goalkeeper who played for Mansfield Town.	Dennis Wright	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Lalande (February 19, 1987) is a Canadian-Belarusian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for HC CSKA Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Kevin Lalande	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Francis Gillot (born February 9, 1960 in Maubeuge, France) is a former football defender and most recently manages Chinese Super League team Shanghai Shenhua.	Francis Gillot	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kenneth Andreassen (born 22 May 1985) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder and current coach.	Kenneth Andreassen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nils Butzen (born 2 April 1993) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for 1.	Nils Butzen	defender
position played on team / speciality	A central midfielder, Koen van de Laak started to play for a local club named Zwaluw VFC in 1988 when he was six years old.	Koen van de Laak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jung Woo-young (Hangul: 정우영, Hanja: 鄭又榮; born 14 December 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chinese Super League club Chongqing Lifan.	Jung Woo-young	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Johan Liébus (born November 5, 1978 in Tours) is a French professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Louhans-Cuiseaux.	Johan Liébus	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Laura Herrera Boxo (Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 11 July 1989) is a Spanish basketball player, who plays as center.	Laura Herrera	center
position played on team / speciality	Ben Bowditch is an English footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Potters Bar Town	Ben Bowditch	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ilias Botaitis (Greek: Ηλίας Μποταΐτης; born 29 September 1979) is a Greek former footballer, last played for Aiginiakos F.C. in the Greece Football League as a midfielder.	Ilias Botaitis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wissam Kadhim (Arabic: وسام كاظم‎) (born in January 1986 in Iraq) is an Iraqi football (soccer) midfielder.	Wissam Kadhim	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexandre Bonnot (born July 31, 1973 in Poissy, Yvelines) is a former football midfielder.	Alexandre Bonnot	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Igor Knyazev (born January 27, 1983 in Elektrostal, Soviet Union) is a Russian ice hockey defenceman.	Igor Knyazev	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Josimar Atoche (born 29 September 1989) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as an central midfielder for Juan Aurich in the Torneo Descentralizado.	Josimar Atoche	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Former Otago centre and Highlanders Wider Training Squad member Brett Mather answered an SOS call from the Hurricanes in the early rounds of the 2010 Rebel Sport Super 14 and joined the injury hit squad on their three-match tour of South Africa.	Brett Mather	centre
position played on team / speciality	Milutin Šoškić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милутин Шошкић; born 31 December 1937) is a Serbian former goalkeeper who is one of FK Partizan's biggest legends.	Milutin Šoškić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Pallarès Marzo (born 12 January 1987 in Gandia, Valencian Community) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UCAM Murcia CF mainly as a forward.	Pablo Pallarès	forward
position played on team / speciality	Darrel Scoville (born October 13, 1975 in Swift Current, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Austrian team EHC LIWEST Black Wings Linz of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga.	Darrel Scoville	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Rostyslav Bahdasarov (Ukrainian: Ростислав Ігорович Багдасаров; born 24 May 1993 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Rostyslav Bahdasarov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marius Trésor (born 15 January 1950 in Sainte-Anne, Guadeloupe) is a retired football defender from France, who was named by Pelé as one of the top 125 greatest living footballers.	Marius Trésor	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Ognjanović (Cyrillic: Дејан Огњановић; born 21 June 1978) is a Montenegrin football defender who plays for Montenegrin First League club Sutjeska Nikšić.	Dejan Ognjanović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wang Chengkuai (Chinese: 王成快; pinyin: Wáng Chéngkuài; born 23 January 1995) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Portuguese club Gondomar as a midfielder.	Wang Chengkuai	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Majed Hazzazi (Arabic: ماجد هزازي‎) (born 1988) is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) player who currently plays as a defender for Al-Raed.	Majed Hazzazi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Elisson Aparecido Rosa (born 26 March 1987 in Belo Horizonte), simply known as Elisson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cruzeiro.	Elisson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fitzroy Simpson (born 26 February 1970 in England) is a former professional English-born Jamaican professional footballer who was a midfielder and left back from 1988 to 2008.	Fitzroy Simpson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Akapo Martínez (born 12 March 1993) is an Equatoguinean professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Valencia CF Mestalla as a right back or central defender.	Carlos Akapo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Mikelini (Italian: Michellini) (born on March 27, 1982 in Gračanica) is a Bosnian-Italian footballer, defender playing for Astra Ploieşti in the Liga I from Romania.	Nikola Mikelini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Christian Schwegler (born 6 June 1984 in Ettiswil) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as defender for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.	Christian Schwegler	defender
position played on team / speciality	Franck Alain James Lebœuf (French pronunciation: ​(frɑ̃k lə.bœf), typically anglicised as Frank Leboeuf, born 22 January 1968) is an actor, sports commentator and former French international footballer who played primarily as a central defender.	Frank Leboeuf	defender
position played on team / speciality	Acorán Barrera Reyes (Spanish pronunciation: (ako'ɾan ba'reɾa 'reʝes); born 31 January 1983 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands), known simply as Acorán, is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Ponferradina as a midfielder.	Acorán Barrera Reyes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thierry Siquet (born 18 October 1968 in Huy) is a Belgian retired professional football defender, who is the manager of Belgium U17 and the technical director of Virton.	Thierry Siquet	defender
position played on team / speciality	Leonardo Castro (born May 12, 1989 in Bogotá) is a Colombian football forward, who currently plays for Mamelodi Sundowns in the Premier Soccer League.	Leonardo Castro	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marco Capuano (born 14 October 1991) is an Italian/Portugalian professional footballer who plays for Serie B side Cagliari as a central defender.	Marco Capuano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Melissa Herrera (born 10 October 1996) is a Costa Rican footballer who play as a forward.	Melissa Herrera	forward
position played on team / speciality	Heurelho da Silva Gomes (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈɡõmiʃ), born 15 February 1981), commonly known as Heurelho Gomes or just Gomes, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Watford.	Heurelho Gomes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Modeste (born September 30, 1976 in Grenada) is a Grenadian football player, currently playing for Q.P.R., he also serves as a defender for the Grenada national football team.	Patrick Modeste	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lo Kong Wai (Chinese: 羅港威; Jyutping: lo4 gong2 wai1; born 19 June 1992 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong Premier League club South China AA as a midfielder.	Lo Kong Wai	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Charalampos Brilakis (Greek: Χαράλαμπος Μπριλάκης, born 28 October 1981) is a professional Greek football player, currently playing as a defender for Kallithea.	Charalampos Brilakis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Florent Cuvelier (born 12 September 1992) is a Belgian professional football player who plays as a midfielder for League One club Sheffield United.	Florent Cuvelier	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Rodríguez García (born 8 March 1934), nicknamed Rodri, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	Francisco Rodríguez García	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hampus Nilsson (born 17 July 1990) is a Swedish footballer (goalkeeper) that plays for Djurgården.	Hampus Nilsson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Borja García Santamaría, simply known as Borja (born 7 January 1990), is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Avilés as a defender.	Borja García Santamaría	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kalidou Koulibaly (born 20 June 1991) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a centre back for Italian club Napoli in Serie A. His main asset is his versatility, as he can play as a central defender, right back or defensive midfielder.	Kalidou Koulibaly	defender
position played on team / speciality	Demetris Kyprianou (Greek: Δημήτρης Κυπριανού; born February 2, 1993 in Limassol, Cyprus) is a Cypriot football midfielder who currently plays for AEK Larnaca.	Demetris Kyprianou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Steve Marlet (born 10 January 1974 in Pithiviers) is a retired French footballer and coach, who played as a forward.	Steve Marlet	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adolfo Moyano Burgos (born 21 January 1988 in Torre del Mar, Málaga), known as Popo, is a Spanish footballer who plays mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Adolfo Moyano Burgos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Timothy Nocchi (born 7 July 1990) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Carrarese on loan from three-time defending Serie A champions, Juventus.	Timothy Nocchi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dragoș Firțulescu (born 15 May 1989) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Râmnicu Vâlcea as a left midfielder.	Dragoș Firțulescu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Boháčik (born 25 May 1979 in Brezno) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the 2.	Tomáš Boháčik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thokozile Mndaweni (born 8 August 1981) is a South African women's footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Thokozile Mndaweni	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ademilson Braga Bispo Junior (born 9 January 1994), known as Ademilson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Gamba Osaka, on loan from São Paulo FC as a forward.	Ademilson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Braulio Uraezaña Cuñaendi (born March 26, 1995 in Bolivia) is a Bolivian footballer who currently plays goalkeeper for Blooming.	Braulio Uraezaña	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Diego de Miguel Escribano (born 1 September 1984 in Soria, Castile and León) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Diego de Miguel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nicolás Vikonis (born 6 April 1984) is an Uruguayan footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Millonarios FC in the Categoría Primera A.	Nicolás Vikonis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Calvin Colquhoun (born 25 July 1996) is a professional Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dundee.	Calvin Colquhoun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tarık Altuntaş (born 23 August 1991) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for amateur side Toroslar Belediyespor.	Tarık Altuntaş	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jan Polák (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjan ˈpolaːk); born 14 March 1981) is a Czech international footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1.	Jan Polák	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thierry Debès (born 13 January 1974, in Strasbourg) is a retired French football goalkeeper.	Thierry Debès	goalkeeper
publication date	Naveena Saraswathi Sabatham (English: Modern Saraswathi's Challenge) is a 2013 Tamil contemporary fantasy comedy film written and directed by K. Chandru.	Naveena Saraswathi Sabatham	2013
publication date	Ek Tha Raja is a 1996 Indian Bollywood film directed by and produced by Ratan Jain.	Ek Tha Raja	1996
publication date	Youth on Parade is a 1942 musical film starring John Hubbard, Ruth Terry, Martha O'Driscoll, Tom Brown, Ivan F. Simpson, Charles Smith, Lynn Merrick, Nana Bryant, Bruce Langley, Chick Chandler, Marlyn Schild, and Paul Fix.	Youth on Parade	1942
publication date	The First $20 Million Is Always the Hardest is a 2002 film based on a novel by technology-culture writer Po Bronson.	The First $20 Million Is Always the Hardest	2002
publication date	Sea of Fear is a 2006 film about a group of people on a boat who fall victim to a killing spree.	Sea of Fear	2006
publication date	Kumkuma Rakshe (Kannada: ಕುಂಕುಮ ರಕ್ಷೆ) is a 1977 Kannada film directed by S.K.A.Chari.	Kumkuma Rakshe	1977
publication date	Sea Wife (1957) is a DeLuxe CinemaScope British film based on the 1955 James Maurice Scott novel Sea-Wyf.	Sea Wife	1957
publication date	Image of Death is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a woman who likes to live off other people's money.	Image of Death	1978
publication date	The Dark Place is a 2014 mystery-thriller film written and directed by Jody Wheeler.	The Dark Place	2014
publication date	The Oldest Profession (French: Le Plus Vieux Métier du monde) is a 1967 internationally co-produced comedy film.	The Oldest Profession	1967
publication date	The Good Witch is a television film that aired on the Hallmark Channel on January 19, 2008.	The Good Witch	2008
publication date	Der Nürnberger Parteitag der NSDAP (English: The Nuremberg Convention of the NSDAP) is a 1929 propaganda film about the 4th party convention of the Nazi Party.	Der Nürnberger Parteitag der NSDAP	1929
publication date	A Homansu (ア・ホーマンス) is a 1986 Japanese film.	A Homansu	1986
publication date	Everything to Gain (also known as Barbara Taylor Bradford's Everything to Gain) is a 1996 television romantic drama film directed by Michael Miller and based on a novel by Barbara Taylor Bradford.	Everything to Gain	1996
publication date	León and Olvido (León y Olvido in Spanish, León e Olvido in Galician) is a 2004 Spanish movie.	León and Olvido	2004
publication date	Beauty & the Briefcase is an ABC Family television film produced by Image Entertainment that originally aired on April 18, 2010.	Beauty & the Briefcase	2010
publication date	The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom is a 1993 comedy TV movie produced by and for HBO.	The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom	1993
publication date	The Sleepwalker Killing, is a 1997 TV movie based on a popular real-life case from the Unsolved Mysteries television series.	The Sleepwalker Killing	1997
publication date	Rock Band 4 is a 2015 music video game developed by Harmonix.	Rock Band 4	2015
publication date	Roberta Karlsson och kungen is a 1983 Viveca Sundvall children's book in the Mimmi series.	Roberta Karlsson och kungen	1983
publication date	WarWizard was a fantasy role-playing video game that was released as shareware in 1993, first for Amiga, then ported to MS-DOS for IBM-compatible computers.	WarWizard	1993
publication date	The Other Final is a 2003 documentary film, directed by Johan Kramer of Dutch communications agency Kessels Kramer, about a football match between Bhutan and Montserrat, the then-lowest ranked teams in the FIFA World Rankings.	The Other Final	2003
publication date	Exo-Man is a 1977 made-for-TV science fiction film directed by Richard Irving.	Exo-Man	1977
publication date	The Burrowers is a 2008 horror/thriller film with a Western theme.	The Burrowers	2008
publication date	Omo Elemosho (English: Child of Elemosho) is a 2012 Nigerian film directed by Bayo Tijani and produced by Yewande Adekoya; the producer of the award winning film Kudi Klepto.	Omo Elemosho	2012
publication date	Cold Prey 3 (Norwegian: Fritt vilt III) is a 2010 Norwegian slasher film, it is the prequel to the highly successful Cold Prey (Fritt vilt), and Cold Prey 2 (Fritt vilt II).	Cold Prey 3	2010
publication date	Rise of the Guardians is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film based on William Joyce's The Guardians of Childhood book series and The Man in the Moon short film by Joyce and Reel FX.	Rise of the Guardians	2012
publication date	To Oblige a Lady is a 1931 British comedy film directed by H. Manning Haynes and starring Maisie Gay, Warwick Ward, Lilian Oldland, Haddon Mason and James Carew.	To Oblige a Lady	1931
publication date	The Hustler of Muscle Beach is a 1980 comedy film that originally aired on ABC-TV.	The Hustler of Muscle Beach	1980
publication date	Misión extravagante a.k.a. Misión en Buenos Aires is a 1954 Argentine film released on December 2, 1954.	Misión extravagante	1954
publication date	Duniyaa Jhukti Hai is a 1996 Hindi language feature film directed by Yash Chauhan and produced by S. Raghunath Rao (Raghunathrao Shirbhate).	Duniyaa Jhukti Hai	1996
publication date	The Legend of Marilyn Monroe is a 1966 American documentary film chronicling the life and career of actress Marilyn Monroe.	The Legend of Marilyn Monroe	1966
publication date	The Secret of the Magic Gourd (Chinese: 宝葫芦的秘密), or The Magic Gourd, is a 2007 live-action/CGI animated movie made by Centro in co-operation with China Movie Co Ltd and Disney.	The Secret of the Magic Gourd	2007
publication date	Sodari (Kannada: ಸೋದರಿ) is a 1955 Indian Kannada film directed by T. V. Singh Thakur.	Sodari	1955
publication date	El Acompañamiento (English language:The Supporter) is a 1991 Argentine musical drama film directed and written by Carlos Orgambide.	The Supporter	1991
publication date	Kung Fu Panda Holiday is a 2010 American television special that premiered on NBC on November 24, 2010.	Kung Fu Panda Holiday	2010
publication date	The Scarlet Worm is a 2011 American Revisionist Western film directed by Michael Fredianelli.	The Scarlet Worm	2011
publication date	Geumbungeo (금붕어) (Goldfish) is a 1927 Korean silent film.	Geumbungeo	1927
publication date	The Daicon III and IV Opening Animations are two short, anime, 8 mm films that were produced for the 1981 Daicon III and 1983 Daicon IV Nihon SF Taikai conventions.	Daicon III and IV Opening Animations	1981
publication date	Between Wars is an Australian 1974 drama/war film released on 15 November 1974.	Between Wars	1974
publication date	The Art of Skiing is a Goofy cartoon made by Walt Disney Productions in 1941.	The Art of Skiing	1941
publication date	For Christ's Sake is a 2009 comedy film directed by Jackson Douglas written by Jeff Lewis and starring Alex Borstein.	For Christ's Sake	2009
publication date	Darling 2 is a 2016 Tamil horror film directed by debutant Sathish Chandrasekaran and produced by Rite Media Works and Sathish Chandrasekaranin Kadhaigal.	Darling 2	2016
publication date	The Oregon Trail 3rd Edition (full title: The Oregon Trail 3rd Edition: Pioneer Adventures) is the second sequel to the 1982 edutainment video game The Oregon Trail after Oregon Trail II. It was developed by MECC and released on Dec 31, 1997.	The Oregon Trail 3rd Edition	1997
publication date	Mussolini and I is a 1985 TV docu-drama about the strained relationship between Italy's fascist dictator Benito Mussolini and his son-in-law and foreign minister, Count Galeazzo Ciano, based on Ciano's diaries.	Mussolini and I	1985
publication date	Moonshine Valley is a 1922 black-and-white silent American Western film.	Moonshine Valley	1922
publication date	Below the Line (Ispod crte) is a Croatian film directed by Petar Krelja released in 2003.	Below the Line	2003
publication date	You Can't Escape is a 1956 British drama film directed by Wilfred Eades and starring Noelle Middleton, Guy Rolfe and Robert Urquhart.	You Can't Escape	1956
publication date	Lassie's Rescue Rangers is an animated TV show produced by Filmation and featuring Lassie, running from 1973 to 1975.	Lassie's Rescue Rangers	1973
publication date	Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya is a 2014 Bollywood comedy film, directed by Sunil Agnihotri and produced by Sunil Agnihotri Productions, Vandana Motion Pictures Pvt Ltd. This film is Mika Singh's first attempt as an actor.	Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya	2014
publication date	Kaamana Billu (Kannada: ಕಾಮನ ಬಿಲ್ಲು) is a 1983 Indian Kannada language film directed by Chi.	Kaamana Billu	1983
publication date	Poios Thanas(s)is (Greek: Ποιος Θανάσης, Who is Thanassis) is a 1969 Greek drama/comedy film directed and written by Thanassis Vengos and starring himself, Anna Fonsou and Vangelos Ploios.	Who is Thanassis	1969
publication date	Miss Malini is a 1947 Indian Tamil satirical film based on the novel Mr. Sampath by R. K. Narayan.	Miss Malini	1947
publication date	Powermonger (or Power Monger) is a real-time strategy game developed by Bullfrog in 1990, derived from the Populous engine but presented using a 3-dimensional game map.	Powermonger	1990
publication date	Mickey's Christmas Carol is a 1983 animated Christmas featurette produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution.	Mickey's Christmas Carol	1983
publication date	Choturtha Matra is a 2001 Bangladeshi television drama film that won Meril Prothom Alo Critic Awards in 2002 in three categories.	Choturtha Matra	2001
publication date	Last Stand of the 300 is a TV documentary/reenactment which premièred on The History Channel in 2007.	Last Stand of the 300	2007
publication date	Katilon Ke Kaatil (A Murderer's Murderer) is a 1981 Indian Bollywood action thriller film.	Katilon Ke Kaatil	1981
publication date	United Gates of America is a 2006 BBC television documentary directed by Alex Cooke, featuring journalist Charlie LeDuff.	United Gates of America	2006
publication date	The Dentist 2 (also known as The Dentist 2: Brace Yourself) is a 1998 American horror film, and sequel to the 1996 film The Dentist.	The Dentist 2	1998
publication date	Dagudumootha Dandakor is a 2015 Telugu film directed by debutant RK Malineni and produced by Ramoji Rao.	Dagudumootha Dandakor	2015
publication date	Escape to Victory, known simply as Victory in North America, is a 1981 film about Allied prisoners of war who are interned in a German prison camp during the Second World War who play an exhibition match of football against a German team.	Escape to Victory	1981
publication date	Tom and Jerry's Giant Adventure is a 2013 animated fantasy comedy direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry, produced by Warner Bros. Animation.	Tom and Jerry's Giant Adventure	2013
publication date	Second Name (El Segundo Nombre in Spanish) is a 2002 Spanish horror film.	Second Name	2002
publication date	The Donkey's Hide (Russian: Ослиная шкура (Oslinaya shkura)) is a 1982 Soviet fantasy film based on Charles Perrault's Donkeyskin.	The Donkey's Hide	1982
publication date	Alyas Batman en Robin (lit: ``Alias: Batman and Robin'') is a 1991 Filipino Batman comedy film produced by Regal Films spoofing the 1960s Batman television series.	Alyas Batman en Robin	1991
publication date	Led by Dwayne 'Oddjob' Douglass, Action Half-Life went through several beta versions before being released as version 1.0 in 1999.	Action Half-Life	1999
publication date	Cally's Comet is a short silent American drama film released on April 18, 1911.	Cally's Comet	1911
publication date	All the Green Year is a 1980 Australian series based on a 1965 novel about three boys growing up on the eve of the Great Depression.	All the Green Year	1980
publication date	Certo certissimo... anzi probabile (Certain, Very Certain, As a Matter of Fact... Probable; English title Diary of a Telephone Operator) is a 1969 Italian film.	Diary of a Telephone Operator	1969
publication date	Peppa Pig is a British preschool animated television series directed and produced by Astley Baker Davies, which originally aired on 31 May 2004, and is distributed by E1 Kids.	Peppa Pig	2004
publication date	Five by Four is a 2003 Indian film written and directed by Roopa Swaninathan.	Five by Four	2003
publication date	Angels Sing is a 2013 Christmas family drama film.	Angels Sing	2013
publication date	The Alpha Caper, also known as The Inside Job, is a made-for-television crime thriller directed by Robert Michael Lewis and released in 1973.	The Alpha Caper	1973
publication date	Yeh Lamhe Judaai Ke (Hindi: ये लम्हे जुदाई के, translation: ``The Moments of Separation'') is a delayed 2004 Bollywood romance mystery film directed by Birendra Nath Tiwari and produced by Ritesh Nayyar.	Yeh Lamhe Judaai Ke	2004
publication date	National Lampoon's Gold Diggers (also known as National Lampoon's Lady Killers) is a 2003 film directed by Gary Preisler.	National Lampoon's Gold Diggers	2003
publication date	Gokula Krishna (Kannada: ಗೋಕುಲ ಕೃಷ್ಣ) is a 2012 Kannada romantic comedy film directed by B. M. Jayakannan and produced jointly by P. Shekar Gowda and Narayan Swamy.	Gokula Krishna	2012
publication date	Squeeze Play! is a 1979 comedy film from 20th Century Fox directed by Matthew Diamond.	Squeeze Play!	1979
publication date	Getting Gotti is a 1994 TV film centered on a Brooklyn Assistant District Attorney named Diane Giacalone, and her attempts to build a Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) case against John Gotti and the Gambino crime family.	Getting Gotti	1994
publication date	A Moment to Remember (Hangul: 내 머리 속의 지우개; RR: Nae Meorisogui Jiugae; lit. ``Eraser in My Head'') is a 2004 South Korean film based on the 2001 Japanese television drama Pure Soul.	A Moment to Remember	2004
publication date	The Tale of Soldier Fedot, The Daring Fellow (Russian: Про Федота-стрельца, удалого молодца, Pro Fedota-Streltsa, Udalogo Molodtsa) is a 2008 Russian animated film directed by Ludmila Steblyanko.	The Tale of Soldier Fedot, The Daring Fellow	2008
publication date	The Young Country is a 1970 American western made-for-TV film, starring Walter Brennan, Joan Hackett, Wally Cox, Pete Duel and Roger Davis.	The Young Country	1970
publication date	Madam Rani (Punjabi: میڈم رانی) is 1995 Pakistani Punjabi language action film.	Madam Rani	1995
publication date	Filmed on October 25--28, 1938, the title Flat Foot Stooges is a pun on the 1938 jazz song ``Flat Foot Floogie''.	Flat Foot Stooges	1938
publication date	Salaam Namaste is a 2005 Bollywood musical romantic comedy film.	Salaam Namaste	2005
publication date	Dream On! is a film which premiered in 1981 at the Festival International du Nouveau Cinema, Montreal.	Dream On!	1981
publication date	The Odd Angry Shot is a 1979 war film following the experiences of Australian soldiers during the Vietnam War.	The Odd Angry Shot	1979
publication date	Silent Warnings (aka Dark Harvest) is a 2003 sci-fi/horror TV movie about a group of college students who begin finding crop circles by the house they've moved into.	Silent Warnings	2003
publication date	Über Goober A Film About Gamers is a 2004 independent documentary film focusing on people who play role-playing games.	Über Goober	2004
publication date	Mifune's Last Song (Danish: Mifunes sidste sang; in North America and Swedish: Mifune), 1999, is the third film to be made according to the Dogme 95 group rules.	Mifune's Last Song	1999
publication date	A Novel Romance is a 2011 comedy-drama film about a chance meeting between two strangers that leads the unlikely pair to become roommates, and despite their differences, the two eventually realize that they have spent all their lives waiting for one another.	A Novel Romance	2011
publication date	One Can't Always Tell was released on May 31, 1913, in the United States, where it was presented as a split-reel with If Dreams Came True; or, Who'd Have Thunk It?, another Vitagraph comedy.	One Can't Always Tell	1913
publication date	Begaana is a 1963 Hindi is a romantic drama film.	Begaana	1963
publication date	Red Sands is a 2009 American horror film set in Parvan Province, Afghanistan in September 2002.	Red Sands	2009
publication date	Karppooradeepam is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film, directed by George Kithu, starring Siddique and Shanthi Krishna in the lead role.	Karppooradeepam	1991
publication date	Passage de Venus is a series of photographs of the transit of the planet Venus across the Sun in 1874.	Passage de Venus	1874
publication date	A Mouse Divided is a 1953 Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Friz Freleng and featuring Sylvester.	A Mouse Divided	1953
publication date	Betty Boop and Grampy is a 1935 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop, and featuring Grampy in his first appearance.	Betty Boop and Grampy	1935
publication date	Poshter Boyz is a 2014 Indian Marathi language comedy film directed by Sameer Patil and written by Sameer Patil and Charudatta Bhagwat.	Poshter Boyz	2014
publication date	Hare Tonic is a 1945 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Tedd Pierce.	Hare Tonic	1945
publication date	The To Do List is a 2013 American comedy film, released on July 26, 2013.	The To Do List	2013
publication date	Marrying the Mafia III (Hangul: 가문의 부활 - 가문의 영광 3; RR: Gamuneui buhwal - Kamuneui yeonggwang 3) is a 2006 South Korean film.	Marrying the Mafia III	2006
publication date	Sancai Tuhui, compiled by Wang Qi (Chinese: 王圻) and his son Wang Siyi (Chinese: 王思义), is a Chinese leishu encyclopedia, completed in 1607 and published in 1609 during the Ming dynasty, featuring illustrations of subjects in the three worlds of heaven, earth, and humanity.	Sancai Tuhui	1609
publication date	Peluca is a short film by director Jared Hess, produced for an assignment while attending Brigham Young University in 2002.	Peluca	2002
publication date	Doomsday Gun is a 1994 television film produced by HBO, dramatizing the life of Canadian supergun designer Dr. Gerald Bull and his involvement in Project Babylon, Saddam Hussein's plan to build a supergun with a range of over 500 miles.	Doomsday Gun	1994
publication date	Cat Dancers is a 2008 HBO documentary film about Ron Holiday (his stage name; real name Ron Guay) and his wife Joy Holiday (her stage name; married name Doris Guay; birth name Doris Gagnon) and their jaguar, panther and tiger show.	Cat Dancers	2008
publication date	T. Rex and the Crater of Doom is a nonfiction book by professor Walter Alvarez that was published by Princeton University Press in 1997.	T. Rex and the Crater of Doom	1997
publication date	Johnny Tootall is a 2005 television film written and directed by Shirley Cheechoo and was filmed around Vancouver Island, British Columbia with the Ahousaht Nations people.	Johnny Tootall	2005
publication date	When Boys Fly is a 2002 documentary film that explores the world of gay circuit parties.	When Boys Fly	2002
publication date	To Have or Not to Have (Dashtan Va Nadashtan) is a 2001 Iranian documentary film.	To Have or Not to Have	2001
publication date	Racing for Time is a 2008 Lifetime Original Movie, starring Charles S. Dutton, and Elizabeth Peña.	Racing for Time	2008
publication date	When We Were Beautiful, is a 2009 feature documentary of the American rock band Bon Jovi, marking the band's 25th year.	When We Were Beautiful	2009
publication date	Boomerang Bill is an extant 1922 American silent crime melodrama film produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed through Paramount Pictures.	Boomerang Bill	1922
publication date	My Brother the Serial Killer is a 2012 American television documentary about serial killer Glen Rogers, otherwise known as the ``Casanova Killer'', who was convicted for a series of murders and arsons.	My Brother the Serial Killer	2012
publication date	Scream of the Banshee is a 2011 monster movie directed by Steven C. Miller and released as part of the After Dark Originals series.	Scream of the Banshee	2011
publication date	Zombie eXs is a 2013 American zombie comedy film written Jean Cohen and George Smith, directed by George Smith, starring Aex Hammel-Shaver, Scott Keebler and Madison Hart and distributed by Alternative Cinema/Bloody Earth Films.	Zombie eXs	2013
publication date	Nobap (English: Pomelo) is a 2009 Manipuri film directed by Heisnam Tomba, written and produced by Suresh Hidang, and presented by Madhuri.	Nobap	2009
publication date	Men of Respect is a 1990 crime drama film, an adaptation of William Shakespeare's play Macbeth.	Men of Respect	1990
publication date	The Negro Soldier is a 1944 documentary created by the United States Army during World War II. The film was produced by Frank Capra as a follow up to his successful film series Why We Fight.	The Negro Soldier	1944
publication date	Miraculous Journey is a 1948 film about seven airplane passengers who find themselves stranded in an African jungle after their plane crashes.	Miraculous Journey	1948
publication date	When Billie Beat Bobby is a 2001 ABC docudrama detailing the historic 1973 ``The Battle of the Sexes'' tennis match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs and what lead up to it.	When Billie Beat Bobby	2001
publication date	I Wake Up Screaming (originally titled Hot Spot) is a 1941 film noir.	I Wake Up Screaming	1941
publication date	The Break-Up Artist is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Steve Woo starring Amanda Crew, Ryan Kennedy, Moneca Delain, Peter Benson, Ali Liebert, Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman and Serinda Swan.	The Break-Up Artist	2009
publication date	Chirodini Tumi Je Amar 2 2014 a Bengali crime drama film.	Chirodini Tumi Je Amar 2	2014
publication date	The Three Caballeros is a 1944 American animated musical film produced by Walt Disney Productions.	The Three Caballeros	1944
publication date	El indio (English: The Indian) is a 1939 Mexican drama film directed by Armando Vargas de la Maza.	El indio	1939
publication date	The Day After is an American television film that first aired on November 20, 1983, on the ABC television network.	The Day After	1983
publication date	Slaughtered was featured at the United Kingdom festival Film4 Fright and in 2009 at Grimmfest.	Slaughtered	2009
publication date	Channel Chaos is a 1985 Australian film set at a TV station.	Channel Chaos	1985
publication date	The Ron Clark Story (also known as The Triumph in Australia, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Belgium, the United Kingdom, Sweden and the Philippines) is a 2006 television film starring Matthew Perry, that premiered on TNT on Sunday, August 13, 2006.	The Ron Clark Story	2006
publication date	Larceny with Music is a 1943 musical comedy featuring singer Alan Jones and band leader Alvino Rey.	Larceny with Music	1943
publication date	Senathipathi (English: Chief) is a 1996 Tamil drama film directed by M. Rathnakumar, an erstwhile assistant of Bharathi Raja and also wrote script for his films Karuthamma and Kizhakku Cheemayile.	Senathipathi	1996
publication date	Numafung is a 2004 Limbu language film that portrays the culture and tradition of the Limbu community.	Numafung	2004
publication date	The Treasures of Agra (Russian: Приключения Шерлока Холмса и доктора Ватсона: Сокровища Агры) is a 1983 Soviet television film, the fourth of five in the series The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.	The Treasures of Agra	1983
publication date	The Condemned 2 (also known as The Condemned 2: Desert Prey) is a 2015 American action film directed by Roel Reiné and released by WWE Studios.	The Condemned 2	2015
publication date	Project Happiness is a 2011 documentary film created, narrated, and produced by Randy Taran and directed by John Sorenson.	Project Happiness	2011
publication date	Destiny in Space is a 70mm Canadian IMAX documentary film released in 1994.	Destiny in Space	1994
publication date	``Strange Fruit'' is a song performed most famously by Billie Holiday, who first sang and recorded it in 1939.	Strange Fruit	1939
publication date	Let's Go Our Own Way (Slovene: Gremo mi po svoje) is a 2010 Slovenian adventures youth film directed by Miha Hočevar, starring Jurij Zrnec, Tadej Koren Šmid, and Jure Kreft in the title roles.	Let's Go Our Own Way	2010
publication date	Ek Do Teen is a 1953 Hindi comedy film produced and directed by Roop K. Shorey.	Ek Do Teen	1953
publication date	Forward, Comrades (Russian: Вперед, товарищи; Chinese: 前进,达瓦里希; pinyin: Qiánjìn, dáwǎlǐxī; literally: ``Advance, tovarish'') is a 2013 Chinese animated short film by Wang Liyin of the Beijing Film Academy.	Forward, Comrades	2013
publication date	Sringkhal (Assamese: শৃংখল, The Quiver) is a 2014 Assamese drama film directed by Prabin Hazarika, based on an Assamese short story by Dr. Bhabendra Nath Saikia of the same name.	Sringkhal	2014
publication date	Michelle Kwan Figure Skating is a computer game released in 1999, starring American skater Michelle Kwan.	Michelle Kwan Figure Skating	1999
publication date	The Unfortunate Policeman is a 1905 British short silent comedy film, produced by Robert W. Paul, featuring a policeman chasing a young painter after he tips a pot of paint over him.	The Unfortunate Policeman	1905
publication date	Public Cemetery is 1967 South Korean horror film.	Public Cemetery	1967
publication date	Pigskin Parade is a 1936 musical comedy film which tells the story of husband and wife college football coaches who convince a backwoods player to play for their team so they can go to the big Bowl Game.	Pigskin Parade	1936
publication date	Hare-Less Wolf is a 1958 Merrie Melodies cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and the absent-minded wolf character, Charles M. Wolf (voiced by Mel Blanc).	Hare-Less Wolf	1958
publication date	Pighalta Aasman is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Shammi (actress).	Pighalta Aasman	1985
publication date	Screwballs is a 1983 Canadian teen sex comedy film.	Screwballs	1983
publication date	My Wishes (Pinyin: Xin Yuan) is a 1999 film directed by Lam Yee Hung.	My Wishes	1999
publication date	Expresso Bongo, a 1958 West End musical and a 1959 film, is a satire of the music industry.	Expresso Bongo	1959
publication date	The Seven from Texas ( Spanish: Antes llega la muert, Italian: I sette del Texas, also known as Seven Guns from Texas and Hour of Death) is a 1964 Spanish-Italian western film directed by Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent.	The Seven from Texas	1964
publication date	Take My Body Close is a song written by Mathias Kallenberger and Anders Berlin, and recorded by Velvet and released as a single in 2008, and also appearing on her 2009 album The Queen.	Take My Body Close	2008
publication date	The Saxon Charm is a 1948 drama film made by Universal International Pictures.	The Saxon Charm	1948
publication date	Investigating Tarzan is a 1997 Canadian documentary film written and directed by Alain d 'Aix for InformAction Films to investigate the history and cultural impact of the character of Tarzan and the books and films in which the character was depicted.	Investigating Tarzan	1997
publication date	Tell It to a Star is a 1945 American musical film directed by Frank McDonald and written by John K. Butler.	Tell It to a Star	1945
publication date	The Cabin in the Mountains is a 2014 Chinese suspense crime film written and directed by Gary Tang.	The Cabin in the Mountains	2014
publication date	Talli Tandrulu (English: Parents) is a 1991 Telugu, drama film produced by A. V. Subba Rao on Prasad Art Pictures banner, directed by Tatineni Rama Rao.	Talli Tandrulu	1991
publication date	Family for Christmas is a 2015 American-Canadian holiday romantic comedy directed by Amanda Tapping and starring Lacey Chabert and Tyron Leitso.	Family for Christmas	2015
publication date	Love Is Never Silent is a 1985 Hallmark Hall of Fame television film aired on CBS December 9, 1985 and stars Mare Winningham and Cloris Leachman.	Love Is Never Silent	1985
publication date	Kutob is a 2005 Filipino suspense horror film directed by Jose Javier Reyes; the title translates into ``foreboding'' in English.	Kutob	2005
publication date	Planeat is a 2010 British documentary film by Or Shlomi and Shelley Lee Davies.	Planeat	2010
publication date	Look in Any Window is a 1961 black-and-white film starring Paul Anka, Gigi Perreau, and, in his film debut, Jack Cassidy.	Look in Any Window	1961
publication date	En julhälsning från Cyndee is a 1986 Cyndee Peters Christmas album.	En julhälsning från Cyndee	1986
publication date	Puerta de Hierro, el exilio de Perón (Spanish: Iron gate, the exile of Perón) is a 2012 Argentine film.	Puerta de Hierro, el exilio de Perón	2012
publication date	Zombies on Broadway (or Loonies on Broadway in the UK) is an 1945 American horror comedy film directed by Gordon M. Douglas.	Zombies on Broadway	1945
publication date	The Adventures of Marco Polo is a 1938 drama-adventure genre film, and one of the most elaborate and costly of Samuel Goldwyn's productions.	The Adventures of Marco Polo	1938
publication date	Treasure of the Moon Goddess is a 1987 adventure film about a pop singer who is kidnapped by pirates while touring Central America because of her resemblance to a native moon goddess.	Treasure of the Moon Goddess	1987
publication date	Way of the Wicked is a 2014 American horror movie that was directed by Kevin Carraway.	Way of the Wicked	2014
publication date	Howling III (also known as Howling III: The Marsupials and Marsupials: The Howling III) is a 1987 Australian horror threequel to The Howling, directed by Howling II:	Howling III	1987
publication date	Shrek the Halls is a television special that premiered on the American television network ABC on Wednesday, November 28, 2007.	Shrek the Halls	2007
publication date	Customer (Dis)Service is a documentary that premiered on January 5, 2012 at 9PM Eastern Time on CNBC.	Customer (Dis)Service	2012
publication date	Makan esmoh alwatan is an Egyptian 2006 documentary film.	Makan esmoh alwatan	2006
publication date	A Sentimental Attempt (Italian: Un tentativo sentimentale) is a 1963 Italian comedy film.	A Sentimental Attempt	1963
publication date	The Plow Boy is a Mickey Mouse short animated film first released on May 9, 1929.	The Plow Boy	1929
publication date	The Turnaround! is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 7, 1963 and on February 5, 1965, and released on the Blue Note label.	The Turnaround!	1965
publication date	MotoGP 13 is a motorcycle racing game developed and published by Milestone on 21 June 2013.	MotoGP 13	21 June 2013
publication date	Lintah Darat ((lɪnˈtah daˈrat); Malay for Loan Shark) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) directed by Wu Tsun and produced by Jo Eng Sek.	Lintah Darat	1941
publication date	The Dead and the Damned 2 (also The Dead, the Damned, and the Darkness and Tom Sawyer vs Zombies) is a 2014 American horror film written and directed by Rene Perez.	The Dead and the Damned 2	2014
publication date	Made in L.A. is a 2007 documentary film that tells the story of three Latina immigrants as they wage a battle against their employer, a Los Angeles garment factory.	Made in L.A.	2007
publication date	The Economics Anti-Textbook is both an introduction to, and critique of the typical approaches to economics teaching, written by Rod Hill and Tony Myatt in 2010.	The Economics Anti-Textbook	2010
publication date	To celebrate its 50th anniversary year, ESO in 2012 released the documentary Europe to the Stars --	Europe to the Stars	2012
publication date	Bhakta Jayadeva is a 1961 Telugu film based on the life of 12th Century Sanskrit Poet Jayadeva from Orissa.	Bhakta Jayadeva	1961
publication date	La Casta Susana is a 1944 Argentine film released on October 11, 1944.	La Casta Susana	1944
publication date	Shanghai Kiss is a 2007 direct-to-DVD film.	Shanghai Kiss	2007
publication date	La Perra (the bitc-h in (Spanish)) is a 1967 Argentine film.	La Perra	1967
publication date	``Love Never Felt So Good'' is a song performed by American singer Michael Jackson, released posthumously on May 2, 2014.	Love Never Felt So Good	2014
publication date	Feng Shui 2 (stylized, Feng Shui 二) is a 2014 Philippine supernatural horror film.	Feng Shui 2	2014
publication date	The Big Store (1941) is a Marx Brothers comedy film in which Groucho, Chico and Harpo cause havoc in a Department Store.	The Big Store	1941
publication date	The Banana Splits in Hocus Pocus Park is a 1972 live-action/animated film made by Hanna-Barbera featuring the characters from The Banana Splits children's television series.	The Banana Splits in Hocus Pocus Park	1972
publication date	Jhamela (Problem) is a 1953 Hindi comedy thriller film produced and directed by Bhagwan, for his Bhagwan Art Productions.	Jhamela	1953
publication date	Gravity Is My Enemy is a 1977 American short documentary film about quadriplegic visual artist Mark Hicks, directed by John C. Joseph.	Gravity Is My Enemy	1977
publication date	The Black Stallion Returns is a 1983 film adaptation of the book of the same name by Walter Farley, and is a sequel to The Black Stallion.	The Black Stallion Returns	1983
publication date	The Harvey Girls is a 1946 MGM musical film based on the 1942 novel of the same name by Samuel Hopkins Adams, about Fred Harvey's famous Harvey House waitresses.	The Harvey Girls	1946
publication date	Manidhanum Mirugamum (Tamil: மனிதனும் மிருகமும்) is a 1953 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Vembu and S. D. Sundaram.	Manidhanum Mirugamum	1953
publication date	The Naughty Nineties is a 1945 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.	The Naughty Nineties	1945
publication date	Hanging Together is a 1985 Australian film about a television reporter who uses an impending marriage as a means to pursue his obsession.	Hanging Together	1985
publication date	Evan Almighty is a 2007 American comedy film and the stand-alone sequel/spin-off to Bruce Almighty (2003).	Evan Almighty	2007
publication date	Project GoGo Boys is a 2012 film directed by Jake Jaxson and produced by CockyBoys Studios, a gay pornographic film studio as a tribute to reality television shows.	Project GoGo Boy	2012
publication date	Len and Company is a 2015 American independent comedy drama film, written and directed by Tim Godsall and Katharine Knight.	Len and Company	2015
publication date	Dangerous Innocence was a 1925 American silent romantic comedy/drama film written by Lewis Milestone and James O. Spearing based upon the novel Ann's an Idiot by Pamela Wynne.	Dangerous Innocence	1925
publication date	Puthenveedu is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K Sukumaran Nair .	Puthenveedu	1971
publication date	The Spare Tyres is a 1967 British short comedy film directed by Michael J. Lane and featuring Terence Alexander, Judy Franklin, Pauline Yates, and Frank Finlay.	The Spare Tyres	1967
publication date	Sounds That Can't Be Made is Marillion's 17th studio album, released on 17 September 2012.	Sounds That Can't Be Made	17 September 2012
publication date	Hot Blood Band (Chinese: 热血男人帮) is a 2015 Chinese comedy film directed by Zha Muchun.	Hot Blood Band	2015
publication date	The Black Velvet Gown is a 1991 TV film, based on the novel by Catherine Cookson, and starring Janet McTeer, Geraldine Somerville, and Bob Peck.	The Black Velvet Gown	1991
publication date	Die Bräutigamswitwe is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Mártha Eggerth, Georg Alexander and Fritz Kampers.	Die Bräutigamswitwe	1931
publication date	Roadhouse Nights is a 1930 American Pre-Code gangster film.	Roadhouse Nights	1930
publication date	Shopaholic Ties the Knot (2002) is the third in the popular Shopaholic series.	Shopaholic Ties the Knot	2002
publication date	Geumganghan (금강한, The Grief of Geumgan) is a 1931 Korean film written by Lee Chang-Yong.	Geumganghan	1931
publication date	Yogi's Great Escape is a 1987 animated made-for-television film produced by Hanna-Barbera for syndication and the first entry to air as part of the Hanna-Barbera Superstars 10 series.	Yogi's Great Escape	1987
publication date	The Hired Heart is a 1997 made-for-television film starring Penelope Ann Miller, Brett Cullen and Barry Corbin.	The Hired Heart	1997
publication date	Death Tunnel is a 2005 horror movie filmed at the Waverly Hills Sanatorium.	Death Tunnel	2005
publication date	Revolution OS is a 2001 documentary film that traces the twenty-year history of GNU, Linux, open source, and the free software movement.	Revolution OS	2001
publication date	Hongkongnalli Agent Amar (Kannada: ಹಾಂಗ್‌ಕಾಂಗ್‌ನಲ್ಲಿ ಏಜೆಂಟ್ ಅಮರ್) is a 1989 Indian Kannada film, directed by Joe Simon and produced by Santhosh Shindhe, G Madangopal, S Chakrapani and Peter J Kamilose.	Hongkongnalli Agent Amar	1989
publication date	The Paw Project is a 2013 documentary film that focuses on the declawing of both exotic and domesticated cats in America.	The Paw Project	2013
publication date	Tail Spin (aka Tailspin) is a 1939 aviation film.	Tail Spin	1939
publication date	Flatworld is a 1997 animated short directed by Daniel Greaves.	Flatworld	1997
publication date	Ma Barker's Killer Brood is a crime film, released in 1960.	Ma Barker's Killer Brood	1960
publication date	The Chambermaid Lynn (German: Das Zimmermädchen Lynn) is a 2014 German comedy-drama film written and directed by Ingo Haeb, adapted from Markus Orths' novel.	The Chambermaid Lynn	2014
publication date	The Mamas and the Papas recorded ``Safe in My Garden'' as an A-side single, and it is on their final LP, The Papas & The Mamas (1968).	Safe in My Garden	1968
publication date	The Making of Plus One is a 2010 British-Canadian comedy film about the independent filmmaking industry.	The Making of Plus One	2010
publication date	Shake, Rattle and Roll 9 is a Filipino comedy horror film released in 2007 and the ninth installment of the Shake, Rattle & Roll film series.	Shake, Rattle and Roll 9	2007
publication date	Drums Along the Mohawk is a 1939 historical Technicolor film based upon a 1936 novel of the same name by American author, Walter D. Edmonds.	Drums Along the Mohawk	1939
publication date	Kaliyuga Krishnudu is a 1986 Telugu, Action film produced by A.K.V. Prasad on Viswashanthi Enterprises banner, directed by K. Murali Mohana Rao.	Kaliyuga Krishnudu	1986
publication date	The Vanishing Prairie is a 1954 documentary film released by Walt Disney Productions.	The Vanishing Prairie	1954
publication date	Be Beautiful But Shut Up (French: Sois belle et tais-toi) is a 1958 French film.	Be Beautiful But Shut Up	1958
publication date	The Assassin of the Tsar (Russian: Цареубийца, Tsareubiytsa) is a 1991 Russian film.	The Assassin of the Tsar	1991
publication date	Mood of the Day (그날의 분위기 Keunalui Bonwigi) is 2016 South Korean film which stars Moon Chae-won and Yoo Yeon-seok	Mood of the Day	2016
publication date	The Strange Case of Doctor Rx is a 1942 black and white B movie murder mystery horror film by Universal Studios starring Patric Knowles, Lionel Atwill, Anne Gwynne, Ray ``Crash'' Corrigan and Samuel S. Hinds.	The Strange Case of Doctor Rx	1942
publication date	All the Queen's Men is a 2001 action comedy war film.	All the Queen's Men	2001
publication date	Septic Man is a 2013 horror film that was directed by Jesse Thomas Cook.	Septic Man	2013
publication date	Halla Gulla is a 2015 Pakistani romantic comedy film directed by Kamran Akbar Khan and produced by Hanif Mohammad under production banner S.E Films.	Halla Gulla	2015
publication date	Boarding Gate is a 2007 French thriller film about the sophisticated power plays between a debt-ridden underworld entrepreneur, his provocative and ambitious ex-associate and a manipulative young couple who employ her.	Boarding Gate	2007
publication date	Jambhavan is a 2006 Indian Tamil action film directed by Nandakumar and produced by Rajalakshmi Kalaikudam.	Jambhavan	2006
publication date	Marina of the Zabbaleen is a 2008 documentary film written and directed by Engi Wassef that examines the life of Marina, a 7-year-old Egyptian girl living in a Zabbaleen garbage-collecting village in Cairo.	Marina of the Zabbaleen	2008
publication date	Pray TV (also known as KGOD) is a 1980 comedy film spoofing televangelism.	Pray TV	1980
publication date	Big Time Christmas is the 2010 made-for-television film/the third film of the series film franchise of the Nickelodeon television series, Big Time Rush.	Big Time Christmas	2010
publication date	Those Old Love Letters (Estonian: Need vanad armastuskirjad) is a 1992 Estonian drama film directed by Mati Põldre.	Those Old Love Letters	1992
publication date	Bhookamp (English: Earthquake) is a 1993 Indian Bollywood Action film produced by Markand Adhikari on Sri Adhikari Brothers banner and directed by Gautam Adhikari.	Bhookamp	1993
publication date	Uncommon Friends of the 20th Century is a 1999 documentary film on Florida businessman James D. Newton and the relationships he enjoyed with five key historic figures:	Uncommon Friends of the 20th Century	1999
publication date	Bandhe Haath (English: Tied Hands) is a 1973 Hindi movie produced and written by O. P. Ralhan.	Bandhe Haath	1973
publication date	Nigooda Rahasya (Kannada: ನಿಗೂಢ ರಹಸ್ಯ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada film, directed by Perala and produced by Jagadish Malnad and Kashinath Chindupurge.	Nigooda Rahasya	1990
publication date	Dorian Blues is a 2004 comedy-drama film about a gay teenager coming to terms with his identity in upstate New York.	Dorian Blues	2004
publication date	Sweet 15 is a 1990 American made-for-television family drama film about a fourteen-year-old girl whose dreams of having a perfect quinceanera are suddenly halted when she realizes that her family is residing in the United States illegally.	Sweet 15	1990
publication date	Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree is a 1966 film combining live-action and animation.	Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree	1966
publication date	Sans laisser de traces (also known as Immaculate, Traceless, Indelible and Indélébile) is a 2010 French crime-thriller film and Grégoire Vigneron's directorial debut.	Sans laisser de traces	2010
publication date	Bowery Blitzkrieg is a 1941 film and the sixth installment of the East Side Kids series.	Bowery Blitzkrieg	1941
publication date	Word Wars is a 2004 documentary film directed by Eric Chaikin and Julian Petrillo about competitive Scrabble playing.	Word Wars	2004
publication date	The Nude Bomb (also known as The Return of Maxwell Smart or Maxwell Smart and the Nude Bomb) is a 1980 comedy film based on the television series Get Smart.	The Nude Bomb	1980
publication date	Sri Shirdi Saibaba Mahathyam (Telugu: శ్రీ షిర్డీ సాయిబాబా మహత్యం) is a 1986 Telugu hagiographical film directed by K. Vasu.	Sri Shirdi Saibaba Mahathyam	1986
publication date	Ulysses' Gaze (Greek: Το βλέμμα του Οδυσσέα, translit. To Vlemma tou Odyssea) is a 1995 Greek film directed by Theo Angelopoulos.	Ulysses' Gaze	1995
publication date	A Dog Named Christmas is a 2009 American television film that debuted on CBS as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie on November 29, 2009.	A Dog Named Christmas	2009
publication date	A Road to Mecca - The Journey of Muhammad Asad, also known as A Road to Mecca, is a 2008 documentary by Austrian filmmaker Georg Misch.	A Road to Mecca - The Journey of Muhammad Asad	2008
publication date	Kaliyugam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by KS Sethumadhavan and produced by MO Joseph.	Kaliyugam	1973
publication date	Ten Inch Hero is an independent romantic comedy film completed in 2007.	Ten Inch Hero	2007
publication date	My Son Shall Be Armenian (Original French title: Mon fils sera arménien) is a 2004 Canadian documentary by Hagop Goudsouzian, who travels to Armenia and Syria with five other members of Montreal's Armenian community who lost relatives in the Armenian Genocide, to speak with survivors.	My Son Shall Be Armenian	2004
publication date	Do Dooni Char is a 1968 Bollywood musical, which is a loose remake of the 1963 Bengali film, Bhrantibilas.	Do Dooni Char	1968
publication date	Server Somanna is a 1993 Indian Kannada film directed by K. Vasu.	Server Somanna	1993
publication date	``Willkommen'' is a song from the 1966 musical Cabaret.	Willkommen	1966
publication date	The Two Who Stole the Moon (Polish: O dwóch takich, co ukradli księżyc) is a 1962 Polish children's film based on Kornel Makuszyński's 1928 story ``The Two Who Stole the Moon''.	The Two Who Stole the Moon	1962
publication date	The Devil's Trail is a 1919 American silent drama film that is set in the woods of the Pacific Northwest.	The Devil's Trail	1919
publication date	C.H.U.D. is a 1984 American horror film produced by Andrew Bonime, and directed by Douglas Cheek with Peter Stein as the director of photography and William Bilowit as production designer.	C.H.U.D.	1984
publication date	Yugapurushan is a 2010 film about the life and times of Sree Narayana Guru.	Yugapurushan	2010
publication date	The Journals of Knud Rasmussen is a 2006 Canadian-Danish film about the pressures on traditional Inuit shamanistic beliefs as documented by Knud Rasmussen during his travels across the Canadian Arctic in the 1920s.	The Journals of Knud Rasmussen	2006
publication date	The Happy Valley is a British television drama, first shown on BBC1 on 6 September 1987 in the Sunday Premiere strand.	The Happy Valley	1987
publication date	We Did It is a 1936 Fleischer Studio animated short film, starring Betty Boop, and featuring Pudgy the Pup.	We Did It	1936
publication date	Portrait of Jennie is a 1948 fantasy film based on the novella by Robert Nathan.	Portrait of Jennie	1948
publication date	Riddles of the Sphinx is a 1977 film written and directed by Laura Mulvey and Peter Wollen.	Riddles of the Sphinx	1977
publication date	The chapters of Anticipations appeared in Great Britain in the Fortnightly Review (April--December 1901) and in the United States in the North American Review (June--November 1901), and were published as a book in November 1901.	Anticipations	November 1901
publication date	Bugs Bunny's Looney Christmas Tales is an animated Christmas television special featuring Bugs Bunny and other Looney Tunes characters in three newly created cartoon shorts with seasonal themes which premiered on CBS on November 27, 1979.	Bugs Bunny's Looney Christmas Tales	1979
publication date	Bikini Airways is a 2003 American made for cable erotic film written and directed by Fred Olen Ray (under the pseudonym name Nicholas Juan Medina).	Bikini Airways	2003
publication date	Team Buddies is a shooter video game released for the PlayStation on 15 September 2000.	Team Buddies	15 September 2000
publication date	The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle is an American biographical musical comedy, released in 1939 and directed by H.C. Potter.	The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle	1939
publication date	The Adventures of Food Boy is an independent comedy film that was released in 2008 by Cold Spark Films.	The Adventures of Food Boy	2008
publication date	Vindhyarani (English title: Queen of the Vindhyas; Telugu: వింధ్యరాణి) is a 1948 Telugu film directed by C. Pullayya.	Vindhyarani	1948
publication date	Thieves and Liars (Spanish: Ladrones y mentirosos) is a 2006 Puerto Rican film directed by Ricardo Méndez Matta.	Thieves and Liars	2006
publication date	The Wild Westerners is a 1962 western directed by Oscar Rudolph.	The Wild Westerners	1962
publication date	Del rosa al amarillo (English: From pink to yellow) is a 1963 Spanish comedy film.	Del rosa al amarillo	1963
publication date	Week-End at the Waldorf, an American comedy drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard premiered in Los Angeles on 17 October 1945.	Week-End at the Waldorf	1945
publication date	Zombeavers is a 2014 American horror comedy film directed by Jordan Rubin, based on a script by Al Kaplan, Jordan Rubin, and Jon Kaplan.	Zombeavers	2014
publication date	Barenaked in America is a 1999 documentary film about the Canadian band Barenaked Ladies filmed during the 1998-1999 Stunt tour.	Barenaked in America	1999
publication date	Se Amar Mon Kereche (English: He/She Stole My Heart) is a 2012 Bengali romantic action film directed by Sohanoor Rahman Sohan.	Se Amar Mon Kereche	2012
publication date	Ilanjippookkal is a 1986 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Sandhya Mohan.	Ilanjippookkal	1986
publication date	Villa Horror is a 2006 Cambodian horror film, produced by Campro production.	Villa Horror	2006
publication date	Maria Marten, or The Murder in the Red Barn is a 1935 British film melodrama film starring Tod Slaughter and Eric Portman.	Maria Marten, or The Murder in the Red Barn	1935
publication date	The String (French: Le Fil) is a 2009 French film directed by Mehdi Ben Attia.	The String	2009
publication date	Naughty @ 40 (also known as/earlier titled as Excuse Me Please) is a 2011 Hindi comedy film directed by Jagmohan Mundhra, while produced by Anuj Sharma under Gangani Multimedia Corporations and also distributed by Srishti Creations.	Naughty @ 40	2011
publication date	Go Go 70s (Hangul: 고고70) is a 2008 South Korean drama/musical film set in the 1970s.	Go Go 70s	2008
publication date	To Touch the Soul is a 2007 documentary film, directed by Ryan Goble, and produced by Teresa Hagen.	To Touch the Soul	2007
publication date	In the Light of Reverence (2001) is a documentary produced by Christopher McLeod and Malinda Maynor (Lumbee).	In the Light of Reverence	2001
publication date	The Legend of Nigger Charley is a 1972 blaxploitation western film directed by Martin Goldman.	The Legend of Nigger Charley	1972
publication date	Choori Chikkanna (Kannada: ಚೂರಿ ಚಿಕ್ಕಣ್ಣ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film, directed by R. Ramamurthy and produced by R Ramamurthy.	Choori Chikkanna	1969
publication date	Invasion of the Bee Girls (UK video title: Graveyard Tramps) is a 1973 science fiction film.	Invasion of the Bee Girls	1973
publication date	Phase IV is a 1974 British-American science fiction horror film.	Phase IV	1974
publication date	Journey to the Seventh Planet is a 1962 science fiction film.	Journey to the Seventh Planet	1962
publication date	Anne Frank Remembered is a 1995 documentary film by Jon Blair about the life of the diarist Anne Frank.	Anne Frank Remembered	1995
publication date	The Good, the Bad, and Huckleberry Hound is a 1988 animated made-for-television film produced by Hanna-Barbera for syndication as part of the Hanna-Barbera Superstars 10 series.	The Good, the Bad, and Huckleberry Hound	1988
publication date	Baksa Badal is a 1970 Bengali film directed by Nityananda Datta.This film released under the banner D. M. Productions.The film has bean music composed by Satyajit Ray.The film starring Soumitra Chatterjee, Aparna Sen, Prasad Mukhopadhyay Satindra Bhattacharya, Subrato Sen, Sabitri Chatterjee in the lead roles.	Baksa Badal	1970
publication date	Gud Boy () is a 2012 Indian Oriya film directed by Jyotee Dass.This movie is remake of Tamil film Pazhani.	Gud Boy	2012
publication date	Anna Thangi (Kannada: ಅಣ್ಣ ತಂಗಿ) is a 2005 Indian Kannada-language drama film starring Shivarajkumar and Radhika in the lead roles.	Anna Thangi	2005
publication date	The Commissioners of Scotland Yard was the informal name for the Commissioners for the Streets and Wayes, a body of improvement commissioners established in 1662 to manage and regulate various areas relating to streets and traffic in the cities of London and Westminster and the borough of Southwark.	Commissioners of Scotland Yard	1662
publication date	White King, Red Queen (Russian: Белый король, красная королева; Belyy korol, krasnaya koroleva; 1992) is a Russian film.	White King, Red Queen	1992
publication date	Before Women Had Wings is a 1997 television film, based on the story by Connie May Fowler about a mother whose abusive husband commits suicide.	Before Women Had Wings	1997
publication date	Juicio de faldas is a 1969 Spanish motion picture.	Juicio de faldas	1969
publication date	En spjutkastares visor, (English: Songs of the javelin thrower) is a music album recorded by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk in 1980.	En spjutkastares visor	1980
publication date	I Still Dream of Jeannie is a 1991 American made-for-television film produced by Columbia Pictures Television which premiered on NBC on October 20, 1991.	I Still Dream of Jeannie	1991
publication date	The Moonraker is a British swashbuckler film released in 1958 and set in the English Civil War.	The Moonraker	1958
publication date	Dann eben mit Gewalt (also known as Violence: The Last Resort) is a 1993 German television film.	Dann eben mit Gewalt	1993
publication date	Story of the Sword and the Sabre is a four-part Hong Kong film released in 1963 and 1965.	Story of the Sword and the Sabre	1963	1965
publication date	Thunaivan (English: Companion) is a 1969 Indian Tamil drama film directed by M. A. Thirumugam.	Thunaivan	1969
publication date	Manasatranjante Diary is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film directed by VP Mohammed.	Manasatranjante Diary	1995
publication date	Festival 2005 is a live DVD by The Cure released in late 2006.	Festival 2005	2006
publication date	Turbo the Tortoise is a platform video game published in 1992 by Hi-Tec Software, developed by Visual Impact for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64.	Turbo the Tortoise	1992
publication date	The Mystery of the Double Cross is a 1917 film and one of the few American silent action film serials to survive in complete form.	The Mystery of the Double Cross	1917
publication date	Nattuchakkeruttu is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Ravi Gupthan and produced by Krishnaswami Reddiar.	Nattuchakkeruttu	1980
publication date	Amsterdam Heavy is a 2011 English action crime movie written and directed by Michael Wright, shot in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Amsterdam Heavy	2011
publication date	The 1912 film Geronimo's Last Raid is considered an important film of the pre-World War I era.	Geronimo's Last Raid	1912
publication date	Second Time Lucky is a 1984 comedy about God and the Devil making a bet; which sees a couple plunged back into the Garden of Eden, Ancient Rome, World War I and the 1920s.	Second Time Lucky	1984
publication date	Shrimathi is a 2011 Indian Kannada romance drama film directed by Ravi Kumar, and remake of 2004 Bollywood film Aitraaz, which in turn, is loosely based on the film Disclosure.	Shrimathi	2011
publication date	The Prophecies of Nostradamus is a 1979 TV movie based on the writings of Nostradamus.	The Prophecies of Nostradamus	1979
publication date	Rock You Sinners is a 1957 British musical film.	Rock You Sinners	1957
publication date	Naduvazhikal is a Malayalam action-thriller film released in 1989 directed by Joshi.	Naduvazhikal	1989
publication date	Ripkin is a 1978 Australian TV movie about an industrial scientist and his wife who suspect each other of infidelity.	Ripkin	1978
publication date	National Mechanics (Spanish:Mecánica nacional) is a 1972 Mexican film.	National Mechanics	1972
publication date	The Man in Gray (Italian: L'uomo in grigio) is a 1961 Italian short documentary film produced by Benedetto Benedetti.	The Man in Gray	1961
publication date	Faraar ('Absconding') is a 1975 Bollywood crime film drama.	Faraar	1975
publication date	For Angela is a 1993 short docudrama co-directed by Daniel Prouty and Nancy Trites Botkin, dramatizing the experiences of Rhonda Gordon and her daughter, Angela, who were the victims of racist harassment on a Winnipeg city bus.	For Angela	1993
publication date	``Mr. Pitiful'' is a song written by Otis Redding and Steve Cropper and included on the 1965 album The Great Otis Redding Sings Soul Ballads.	Mr. Pitiful	1965
publication date	A Snow White Christmas is a Christmas animated short film produced by Filmation and telecast December 19, 1980 on CBS.	A Snow White Christmas	1980
publication date	Roger Corman's Operation Rogue (aka Operation Rogue) is a 2014 direct-to-video war film and, although not the sequel to Corman's The Hunt for Eagle One, and The Hunt for Eagle One:	Roger Corman's Operation Rogue	2014
publication date	Never Been Thawed (sometimes referred to as NBT: Never Been Thawed) is an independent film released in 2005.	Never Been Thawed	2005
publication date	Wallis & Edward (in Canada also known as Her Royal Affair) is a 2005 British made-for-TV movie, scripted by Sarah Williams, dramatising the events of the Edward VIII abdication crisis.	Wallis & Edward	2005
publication date	ESPN Speed World is a Super NES and Sega Genesis video game that was released in 1994 exclusively for North America based on the television series of the same name.	ESPN Speed World	1994
publication date	Steel Dawn is a 1987 American post-apocalyptic feature film that mixes the genres of science fiction, western and samurai cinema.	Steel Dawn	1987
publication date	Los que no deben nacer (``Those who shouldn't be born'') is a 1953 Mexican film.	Los que no deben nacer	1953
publication date	Wubbzy's Big Movie! is a made-for-TV movie which premiered on Starz Kids & Family on Friday, August 29, 2008 distributed by Starz Animation and Bolder Media in association with Film Roman.	Wubbzy's Big Movie!	2008
publication date	Sandakozhi (English: Battle rooster) is a 2005 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy and produced by Vikram Krishna under the banner of GK Film Corporation.	Sandakozhi	2005
publication date	The Capture of the Green River Killer is a 2008 2-part television film that first aired on Lifetime Movie Network and tells the story of the Green River killer serial murders between 1982 and 1998.	The Capture of the Green River Killer	2008
publication date	Robin des bois, la véritable histoire (English: Robin Hood, the true story) is a 2015 French comedy film.	Robin des bois, la véritable histoire	2015
publication date	13th Child (or The 13th Child: Legend of the Jersey Devil) is a 2002 direct-to-video horror film, based on the Jersey Devil.	13th Child	2002
publication date	The War Bride is a Canadian/British drama film, released in 2001.	The War Bride	2001
publication date	Zameen Kay Khuda is a 2004 Pakistani bilingual film made in Urdu and Punjabi.	Zameen Kay Khuda	2004
publication date	The Google Book is an illustrated book of children's verse by Vincent Cartwright Vickers, published by the Medici Society in London in 1913.	The Google Book	1913
publication date	Baby for Sale is a 2004 television film that was premiered on the Lifetime Network on 12 July 2004.	Baby for Sale	2004
publication date	The Horse Soldiers is a 1959 drama film set in Mississippi during the American Civil War.	The Horse Soldiers	1959
publication date	Khumba is a 2013 3D South African computer-animated adventure comedy film directed and produced by Anthony Silverston, written by Silverston and Raffaella Delle Donne.	Khumba	2013
publication date	Minugu (Kannada: ಮಿನುಗು) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language romantic-drama film directed by the ad-film maker Anthony Jayavanth debuting in feature films.	Minugu	2010
publication date	DoUlike2watch.com is a 2003 Canadian film.	DoUlike2watch.com	2003
publication date	Late Fragment had its world premiere at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival and screened next at Montreal's Festival du Nouveau Cinéma.	Late Fragment	2007
publication date	Los tres berretines (The Three Whims) is a 1933 Argentine black and white comedy film, the first film made by the newly formed Lumiton film studio, and one of the first sound films made in Argentina.	Los tres berretines	1933
publication date	Demon Front (Chinese: 魔域戰線; pinyin: Móyù Zhànxiàn) is a side-scrolling run and gun arcade game released in 2002 by IGS.	Demon Front	2002
publication date	Tabasco Road is a 1957 Speedy Gonzales cartoon, part of the Looney Tunes series.	Tabasco Road	1957
publication date	Intimate Reflections is a 1975 British independent drama film directed by Don Boyd and starring Anton Rodgers, Lillias Walker, Sally Anne Newton and Jonathan David.	Intimate Reflections	1975
publication date	Black Water Gold is a 1970 American adventure drama made-for-TV film, starring Keir Dullea, Bradford Dillman, France Nuyen, Aron Kincaid and Ricardo Montalban.	Black Water Gold	1970
publication date	Silent Rage is a 1982 science fiction horror film directed by Michael Miller.	Silent Rage	1982
publication date	Nature Law or Break (Chinese: 拆散专家) is a 2014 Chinese-Singaporean romantic comedy film directed by Li Jian and Qiu Zhongwei.	Nature Law	2014
publication date	Tramp, Tramp, Tramp (1926) is an American comedy silent film directed by Harry Edwards.	Tramp, Tramp, Tramp	1926
publication date	The Civilization of Maxwell Bright is a 2005 romance film starring Patrick Warburton, Marie Matiko, Eric Roberts, Leland Crooke and Jennifer Tilly that has seen success on the arthouse movie circuit.	The Civilization of Maxwell Bright	2005
publication date	A Little Monk (Hangul: 동승; RR: Dong-seung) is a 2003 South Korean film helmed by first-time director Joo Kyung-jung.	A Little Monk	2003
publication date	A Harp in Hock is a lost 1927 silent film melodrama produced by DeMille Pictures and distributed by Pathé Exchange.	A Harp in Hock	1927
publication date	Big Momma's House 2 is a 2006 American crime comedy film and the sequel to Big Momma's House.	Big Momma's House 2	2006
publication date	Sweet Jesus, Preacherman is a 1973 American action film directed by Henning Schellerup and written by John Cerullo, M. Stuart Madden and Abbey Leitch.	Sweet Jesus, Preacherman	1973
publication date	Damaal Dumeel is a 2014 Tamil black comedy-thriller film directed by Shree and produced by C J Jayakumar.	Damaal Dumeel	2014
publication date	Rosy Dreams (Ružové sny) is a 1977 Czechoslovak film.	Rosy Dreams	1977
publication date	Lee Seong-gye King Taejo (Hangul: 태조 이성계; RR: Taejo Lee Seonggye) is 1965 South Korean film is based on King Taejo.	Lee Seong-gye King Taejo	1965
publication date	Operation Delta Force is a TV movie released in 1997.	Operation Delta Force	1997
publication date	Take Off Your Clothes and Live! is a 1963 British naturist film.	Take Off Your Clothes and Live!	1963
publication date	The Yellow Division (Swedish: Gula divisionen) is a Swedish 1954 film set at the Swedish Air Force wing F 8 Barkarby, just north of Stockholm and revolves around a fighter squadron of J 29 aircraft.	The Yellow Division	1954
publication date	Cannibal Rollerbabes is a 1997 low-budget Canada horror film about cannibalism, directed by Kalman Szegvary and set in Los Angeles although it was filmed in Ontario.	Cannibal Rollerbabes	1997
publication date	25 Degrees in Winter is a 2004 international comedy-drama film directed by Stéphane Vuillet.	25 Degrees in Winter	2004
publication date	Nos vemos papa is a 2011 Mexican drama film directed by Luca Carreras.The film is Lucía's first directorial venture.It was an official entry for the 17th International Film Festival of Kerala	Nos vemos papa	2011
publication date	Chouïa cinema is a French 2003 documentary film.	Chouïa cinema	2003
publication date	The Marcus-Nelson Murders is a 1973 television film written by Abby Mann from a book by Selwyn Raab, directed by Joseph Sargent, and starring Telly Savalas, Marjoe Gortner, José Ferrer and Ned Beatty.	The Marcus-Nelson Murders	1973
publication date	Not a Pretty Picture is an American docudrama film released in 1976.	Not a Pretty Picture	1976
publication date	Temporary Family (失戀急讓) is a 2014 Hong Kong comedy film.	Temporary Family	2014
publication date	Vallavan (Tamil: வல்லவன்) (English: Expert) is a 2006 Tamil romantic thriller film written and directed by Silambarasan, starring himself in the title role along with Nayantara, Reema Sen and Sandhya whilst Santhanam, Premji Amaren, Sathyan and S. Ve.	Vallavan	2006
publication date	All American Orgy is a 2009 dark comedy written by Ted Beck and directed by Andrew Drazek.	All American Orgy	2009
record label	Frank DiLeo, the vice president of Epic Records, convinced Jackson to release ``Beat It'' whilst ``Billie Jean'' was heading towards No. 1.	Beat It	Epic Records
record label	All Directions is a 1972 album by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label, produced by Norman Whitfield.	All Directions	Motown
record label	One Wrench is Avail's fifth studio album, and their first full-length album released on Fat Wreck Chords, from 2000.	One Wrench	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Kesto (234.48:4), released jointly by Blast First and Mute Records, is the fifth album released by Pan sonic.	Kesto (234.48:4)	Blast First	Mute Records
record label	``I Want a Love I Can See'' is a 1963 single by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label.	I Want a Love I Can See	Motown
record label	I'll Try Something New is the third Tamla (Motown) album by The Miracles.	I'll Try Something New	Motown
record label	For the Pages of Life album, Curb Records released a press release.	Pages of Life	Curb Records
record label	Miles Ahead is an album by Miles Davis that was released in 1957 by Columbia Records.	Miles Ahead	Columbia Records
record label	I Came to Hear the Music is the 1974 album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury, his fourth release on Elektra Records.	I Came to Hear the Music	Elektra Records
record label	Roulette russe (Russian roulette) is the second album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1979 on Philips Records.	Roulette russe	Philips Records
record label	The Blue Note 7 are a jazz septet formed in 2008 in honor of the 70th anniversary of Blue Note Records.	The Blue Note 7	Blue Note Records
record label	Increase the Pressure is the second album by the British punk rock band Conflict.	Increase the Pressure	Conflict
record label	However, he was a close friend of Arista Records' president Clive Davis, and it was over a dinner with him that the subject of the song ``All the Man That I Need'' again came up.	All the Man That I Need	Arista Records
record label	A Love Supreme is a studio album recorded by John Coltrane's quartet in December 1964 and released by Impulse! Records in February 1965.	A Love Supreme	Impulse! Records
record label	The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees is an album by Roots music band Lost Dogs, released on Fools of the World records in 2006.	The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees	Fools of the World
record label	CrazySexyCool is the second studio album by American girl group TLC, first released by LaFace Records on November 15, 1994.	CrazySexyCool	LaFace Records
record label	Nothing Ever Hurt Me (Half as Bad as Losing You) is an album by country music artist George Jones released in 1973, (see 1973 in country music) on the Epic Records label.	Nothing Ever Hurt Me (Half as Bad as Losing You)	Epic Records
record label	One Dozen Roses is a 1971 album by Smokey Robinson & The Miracles, issued on Motown Records' Tamla label.	One Dozen Roses	Motown
record label	``No Matter What Sign You Are'' is a song released for Diana Ross & the Supremes by the Motown label.	No Matter What Sign You Are	Motown
record label	Neon Bible is the second studio album by the Canadian rock band Arcade Fire, released in March 2007 on Merge Records.	Neon Bible	Merge Records
record label	Stage Invader is the first studio album by the British dance music group Linus Loves, released on September 19, 2006.	Stage Invader	Linus Loves
record label	ARC and Vocalion Records issued the first take of ``Cross Road Blues'' in May 1937 on the then standard 78 rpm record.	Cross Road Blues	Vocalion Records
record label	The Wants is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Phantom Band, released October 18, 2010, through Chemikal Underground Records.	The Wants	Chemikal Underground
record label	Ain't My Lookout is the fourth full-length album by Memphis indie rock band The Grifters, and their first for Sub Pop Records.	Ain't My Lookout	Sub Pop
record label	The Velvet Underground Live (featuring Reed, Yule, Morrison & Tucker) was recorded in October 1969 but not released until 1974, on Mercury Records, at the urging of rock critic Paul Nelson, who worked in A&R for Mercury at the time.	The Velvet Underground	Mercury Records
record label	Diaper Island is the fourth studio album by Canadian musician Chad VanGaalen, released on May 17, 2011 on Flemish Eye in Canada and Sub Pop in the United States.	Diaper Island	Flemish Eye
record label	I, Jonathan is an album by Jonathan Richman, released by the Rounder Records label in 1992.	I, Jonathan	Rounder Records
record label	Blue Virgin Isles was the fifth album and the international debut from Swedish singer/songwriter Ted Gärdestad, released in late 1978 on the Epic Records label in the UK and Polar Music in Scandinavia.	Blue Virgin Isles	Polar Music
record label	Derelicts of Dialect is Queens-based emcees 3rd Bass' second LP (following its debut LP and an EP) and final studio album, released on Def Jam Recordings.	Derelicts of Dialect	Def Jam Recordings
record label	``Touch Me in the Morning'' is a popular song recorded by Diana Ross on the Motown label.	Touch Me in the Morning	Motown
record label	Mucho, Mucho is a Latin-oriented jazz album by organist Shirley Scott recorded and released in 1960 on Prestige Records as PRLP 7182.	Mucho, Mucho	Prestige Records
record label	Grinderman 2 is the second and final studio album by alternative rock band Grinderman, a side project of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released on 13 September 2010 on Mute Records in the United Kingdom and ANTI- in the United States.	Grinderman 2	Mute Records
record label	Following the success of the singles ``I Can Be'' and ``She's Like a Star'', Island Records made the decision to re-issue ``I Just Wanna Know'' in an attempt to gain a higher charting position for the single.	I Just Wanna Know	Island Records
record label	Outskirts of Town is the tenth studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown, released in 1993 on Curb Records.	Outskirts of Town	Curb Records
record label	Roger McGuinn & Band has been reissued on CD a number of times; first by Columbia Records in the early 1990s, with bonus tracks in 2004 by Sundazed Records and coupled with McGuinn's fourth album, Cardiff Rose, by BGO Records in 2007.	Roger McGuinn & Band	Columbia Records
record label	La maison de mon rêve (English: The house of my dream) is the first album by CocoRosie, released on March 9, 2004 by Touch and Go Records.	La maison de mon rêve	Touch and Go Records
record label	``867-5309/Jenny'' is a 1981 song written by Alex Call and Jim Keller and performed by Tommy Tutone that was released on the album Tommy Tutone 2, on the Columbia Records label.	867-5309/Jenny	Columbia Records
record label	Thirty Years of Maximum R&B is a box set by British rock band, The Who released by Polydor Records internationally and by MCA Records in the U.S.; since 2003, it has been issued in America by Geffen Records.	Thirty Years of Maximum R&B	Polydor Records
record label	Day by Night was a Doris Day album released on November 11, 1957 by Columbia Records, It was released in two versions, catalog number CL-1053 (Mono) and CS-8089 (Stereo), though the stereo version was only released in 1959.	Day by Night	Columbia Records
record label	After Interscope Records rejected the Toadies's first attempt at a second album (otherwise known as the Feeler sessions), Hell Below/Stars Above was a second attempt at a follow-up to their critically acclaimed debut Rubberneck.	Hell Below/Stars Above	Interscope Records
record label	From South Africa to South Carolina is an album by Jazz vocalist and spoken-word poet Gil Scott-Heron and Brian Jackson, released in 1976 on Arista Records.	From South Africa to South Carolina	Arista Records
record label	Where Lovers Mourn is the debut full-length album released by the band Draconian through Napalm Records on the 20 October 2003.	Where Lovers Mourn	Napalm Records
record label	The Face of Love was released on April 4, 2006 through Sparrow Records and Capitol Music Group.	The Face of Love	Sparrow Records
record label	``Shoo-Be-Doo-Be-Doo-Da-Day'' is a hit 1968 single released by American and Motown recording artist Stevie Wonder.	Shoo-Be-Doo-Be-Doo-Da-Day	Motown
record label	The Infernal Depths of Hatred is Anata's first full length album, released on Season of Mist Records.	The Infernal Depths of Hatred	Season of Mist
record label	Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1970 by Columbia Records.	Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head	Columbia Records
record label	Metal Box is the second album by Public Image Ltd, released by Virgin Records on 23 November 1979.	Metal Box	Virgin Records
record label	Zoon, Nefilim's only studio album, was released in April 1996 by Beggars Banquet Records (Calatogue number BEGA172).	Zoon	Beggars Banquet Records
record label	Going Nowhere Fast is the eighth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1981 through Rounder Records.	Going Nowhere Fast	Rounder Records
record label	Individual Emotion is Aya Kamiki's fourth album and her first under her new label Avex Trax, released simultaneously alongside her first greatest hits album Aya Kamiki Greatest Best.	Individual Emotion	Avex Trax
record label	'Nights Out' is the second album by British electronic act Metronomy, released on the 8th of September, 2008 through Because Music.	Nights Out	Because Music
record label	Future This is the second studio album by English electronic rock duo The Big Pink, released on 11 January 2012 by 4AD.	Future This	4AD
record label	CD5 French release (London Records 886 791-2) ``Megarama '89'' (Edit) - (3:52) Featuring ``Cruel Summer'' / ``Na Na Hey Hey'' / ``Love in the First Degree'' / ``Venus''	Megarama '89	London Records
record label	Get Off the Cross, We Need the Wood for the Fire is the debut studio album by Firewater, released on October 22, 1996 by Jetset Records.	Get Off the Cross, We Need the Wood for the Fire	Jetset Records
record label	Automatic for the People is the eighth studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released in 1992 on Warner Bros. Records.	Automatic for the People	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Beileid is the seventh album by the jazz/ambient band Bohren & der Club of Gore, released on June 28, 2011, by Ipecac Recordings.	Beileid	Ipecac Recordings
record label	Though the original title is Did Tomorrow Come..., the title of the releases outside of Poland were changed to Will Tomorrow Come? by Music for Nations, which completely changed its meaning.	Did Tomorrow Come...	Music for Nations
record label	Identify Yourself is a 1979 album by American R&B group The O'Jays, released on the Philadelphia International Records label.	Identify Yourself	Philadelphia International Records
record label	Ryde or Die Vol. 1 is a compilation album from American hip-hop record label Ruff Ryders Entertainment, released on April 27, 1999.	Ryde or Die Vol. 1	Ruff Ryders Entertainment
record label	``Ribbon in the Sky'' is a hit 1982 R&B single released by Tamla/Motown star, American singer Stevie Wonder.	Ribbon in the Sky	Motown
record label	Distant Relatives is a collaborative studio album by American rapper Nas and Jamaican reggae artist Damian Marley, released May 18, 2010, on Universal Republic and Def Jam Recordings.	Distant Relatives	Def Jam Recordings
record label	London Warsaw New York is the second solo studio album by Polish jazz and pop singer--songwriter Basia, released in the United States on October 23, 1989 by Epic Records.	London Warsaw New York	Epic Records
record label	Celebrate This Heartbeat is an album by Randy Stonehill, released in 1984, on Myrrh Records.	Celebrate This Heartbeat	Myrrh Records
record label	Stainless Style is the debut album from Neon Neon--a project from Super Furry Animals front man Gruff Rhys and electronic artist Boom Bip--which was released in March 2008 via Lex Records.	Stainless Style	Lex Records
record label	A Drug Problem That Never Existed is an album released by Mondo Generator on the Rekords Rekords label in 2003.	A Drug Problem That Never Existed	Rekords Rekords
record label	Broken Blossom is the fourth studio album by American singer Bette Midler, her second album release in 1977 and her fifth on the Atlantic Records label.	Broken Blossom	Atlantic Records
record label	Who Are You is the eighth studio album by English rock band The Who, released through Polydor Records in the United Kingdom and MCA Records in the United States.	Who Are You	Polydor Records	MCA Records
record label	The album was released on September 1, 2009 through Deathwish Inc. Black Eye Blues was met with generally positive reviews.	Black Eye Blues	Deathwish Inc.
record label	Rain Dogs is the eighth album by American singer-songwriter Tom Waits, released in September 1985 on Island Records.	Rain Dogs	Island Records
record label	The Glass Passenger is the second studio album by American rock band Jack's Mannequin, released through Sire Records on September 30, 2008 in the United States.	The Glass Passenger	Sire Records
record label	``We Will Become Silhouettes'' is a single by The Postal Service, released February 8, 2005 under the Sub Pop Records label.	We Will Become Silhouettes	Sub Pop
record label	Daahoud is an album by Max Roach and Clifford Brown released on Mainstream Records in 1973 consisting of alternate takes of tracks recorded in 1954 for the albums Brown and Roach Incorporated and Clifford Brown & Max Roach.	Daahoud	Mainstream Records
record label	The Bones of What You Believe is the debut studio album by Scottish synthpop band Chvrches, released on 20 September 2013 by Virgin Records and Goodbye Records.	The Bones of What You Believe	Virgin Records
record label	Revolution! is the seventh studio album by American pop rock group Paul Revere & the Raiders, on Columbia Records (CS 9521).	Revolution!	Columbia Records
record label	``Your Old Standby'' is a song written by Motown songwriters Smokey Robinson and Janie Bradford and released as a single by Motown star Mary Wells in 1963.	Your Old Standby	Motown
record label	My Republic is the seventh studio album by the Santa Cruz, California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance, released June 27, 2006 through Fat Wreck Chords.	My Republic	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Some Girls is the 14th British and 16th American studio album by the Rolling Stones, released in 1978 on Rolling Stones Records.	Some Girls	Rolling Stones Records
record label	Coming Days, released in 1995 on Chiswick Records, was the third album released by Irish artist Ron Kavana, the second credited to ``Alias Ron Kavana''.	Coming Days	Chiswick Records
record label	¡Tré! was released on December 7, 2012 in Australia, December 10 in the UK and December 11 in the US, through Reprise Records, and was produced by their long-time producer Rob Cavallo.	¡Tré!	Reprise Records
record label	Free All Angels is the third studio album by Ash, which was initially released on 16 April 2001, through Infectious Records.	Free All Angels	Infectious Records
record label	Companion Gal would be Watson's only album on RCA Records, who didn't promote it.	Companion Gal	RCA Records
record label	``Don't Mess with Bill'' is a million-selling Gold-certified 1966 single recorded by The Marvelettes for Motown Records' Tamla label.	Don't Mess with Bill	Motown
record label	``Cathy's Clown'' was The Everly Brothers' first single for Warner Bros., after spending three years on Archie Bleyer's Cadence label.	Cathy's Clown	Warner Bros.
record label	Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O is an album by the artists of the same name, released in 1997 by P.S.F. Records.	Acid Mothers Temple	P.S.F. Records
record label	Bedroom Boogie is a 2001 album released by the Red Elvises.	Bedroom Boogie	Red Elvises
record label	Songs We Didn't Write is Ghoti Hook's third CD on Tooth & Nail Records.	Songs We Didn't Write	Tooth & Nail Records
record label	Quintessentially Unreal is the debut album by American Neo-Cabaret artist Jill Tracy, released in 1996.	Quintessentially Unreal	Jill Tracy
record label	The Divine Punishment is the third album album by avant-garde musician Diamanda Galás, released on June 30, 1986 by Mute Records.	The Divine Punishment	Mute Records
record label	Shanked! is the third studio album by San Pedro-based punk band Toys That Kill, released in 2006 on Recess Records.	Shanked	Recess Records
record label	Plague Soundscapes is The Locust's second album, and their first with ANTI- Records.	Plague Soundscapes	ANTI-
record label	Anywhere I Lay My Head is the debut studio album by American actress Scarlett Johansson, released on May 16, 2008 by Atco Records.	Anywhere I Lay My Head	Atco Records
record label	Lovely Creatures is the eleventh solo album by Bob Schneider, released on September 29, 2009 through Kirtland Records.	Lovely Creatures	Kirtland Records
record label	``Gimmie Dat'' was Ciara's final single released under LaFace Records, which she had her contract released from due to Basic Instinct's underperforming sales.	Gimmie Dat	LaFace Records
record label	For They Said It Couldn't Be Done, Flash signed with Elektra Records and retained the services of Rahiem and The Kidd Creole.	They Said It Couldn't Be Done	Elektra Records
record label	'So Hot Now / Separate' is a split single from British indie rock band The Cribs and American alternative rock band The Thermals, released on Kill Rock Stars on 17 April 2010.	So Hot Now / Separate	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Hitler Bad, Vandals Good is the seventh studio album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals, released in 1998 by Nitro Records.	Hitler Bad, Vandals Good	Nitro Records
record label	Finally Woken is the debut studio album by Welsh singer-songwriter Jem, released initially in the United States on 23 March 2004, with ATO Records.	Finally Woken	ATO Records
record label	Welcome to the Cruel World is Ben Harper's debut album from Virgin Records.	Welcome to the Cruel World	Virgin Records
record label	Underneath the Pine is the second album from the artist Toro y Moi, released on February 22, 2011 on Carpark Records.	Underneath the Pine	Carpark Records
record label	Zero Zero Zero is the title of the second compilation album by Sam Phillips, released in 1998 on Virgin Records.	Zero Zero Zero	Virgin Records
record label	Wasted Days is an album by the ska/reggae band The Slackers, released on February 21, 2001 on Hellcat Records.	Wasted Days	Hellcat Records
record label	There Is No Enemy is the seventh full-length studio album by indie rock band Built to Spill (their fifth on Warner Bros. Records).	There Is No Enemy	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Trouble Will Find Me is the sixth studio album by American indie rock band The National, released on May 17, 2013 on 4AD.	Trouble Will Find Me	4AD
record label	``I Can't Hear the Music'' is a song by American R&B group Brutha, released September 30, 2008 by The Island Def Jam Music Group, as the lead single from their self-titled debut album, Brutha (2008).	I Can't Hear the Music	The Island Def Jam Music Group
record label	Get 'Em Girls is the second studio album by Australian recording artist Jessica Mauboy, released on 5 November 2010 by Sony Music Australia.	Get 'Em Girls	Sony Music Australia
record label	``Someone to Love Me (Naked)'' is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige, taken from her tenth studio album My Life II...	Someone to Love Me (Naked)	Mary J. Blige
record label	On the Winning Side, released in 1987 on Light Records, is a gospel music album by American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned.	On the Winning Side	Light Records
record label	Liberty Belle and the Black Diamond Express, the fourth album by The Go-Betweens, was released in March 1986 in the UK on Beggars Banquet Records, the record label that would release the remainder of the original group's LPs through their break-up in 1989.	Liberty Belle and the Black Diamond Express	Beggars Banquet Records
record label	As Good as Dead is the second studio album by American rock band Local H. It was released on April 16, 1996 by Island Records.	As Good as Dead	Island Records
record label	Deja Entendu was released through Triple Crown and Razor & Tie on June 17, 2003.	Deja Entendu	Razor & Tie
record label	Faryl is the debut album by British mezzo-soprano Faryl Smith, released on 9 March 2009 by Universal Classics and Jazz.	Faryl	Universal Classics and Jazz
record label	A Snowflake Fell (and It Felt Like a Kiss) is a Christmas-themed EP by the Scottish indie rock band Glasvegas, released on 1 December 2008 via Columbia Records.	A Snowflake Fell (and It Felt Like a Kiss)	Columbia Records
record label	Livin' Legend is the seventh studio album and the first album by American rapper B.G. since departing from Cash Money Records and is also his first release under his own imprint Chopper City Records.	Livin' Legend	Chopper City Records
record label	H. P. Lovecraft II is the second album by the American psychedelic rock band H. P. Lovecraft and was released in September 1968 on Philips Records.	H. P. Lovecraft II	Philips Records
record label	Soul Limbo is the seventh album by Booker T. & the M.G.'s, released in 1968 on Stax Records.	Soul Limbo	Stax Records
record label	It has been certified platinum in the U.S. Two Against Nature marked Steely Dan's long-awaited debut for Warner Bros. Records - through a sub-label, Giant Records.	Two Against Nature	Giant Records
screenwriter	Going to the Mat is one of the most critically acclaimed Disney movies, garnering a Directors Guild Award for Stuart Gillard and a Humanitas Award Writing nomination for Chris and Laurie Nolan.	Going to the Mat	Laurie Nolan
screenwriter	Halbblut (English: Half-blood) is a 1919 silent film directed by Fritz Lang.	Halbblut	Fritz Lang
screenwriter	A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy is a 1982 sex comedy film written, directed by and starring Woody Allen.	A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy	Woody Allen
screenwriter	L'Étoile de mer (English: The Sea Star) is a 1928 film directed by Man Ray.	L'Étoile de mer	Man Ray
screenwriter	Alpine Fire (German: Höhenfeuer) is a 1985 Swiss drama film directed by Fredi M. Murer.	Alpine Fire	Fredi M. Murer
screenwriter	Cause for Alarm! is a 1951 film noir suspense film directed by Tay Garnett, written by Mel Dinelli and Tom Lewis, based on a story by Larry Marcus.	Cause for Alarm!	Mel Dinelli
screenwriter	Shoot the Moon is a 1982 drama film directed by Alan Parker, written by Bo Goldman and starring Albert Finney and Diane Keaton, in their Golden Globe-nominated performances.	Shoot the Moon	Bo Goldman
screenwriter	Return of the Blind Dead, also known as Return of the Evil Dead and El Ataque de los Muertos Sin Ojos (in original Spanish: ``Attack of the Blind Dead''), is a 1973 Spanish horror film written and directed by Amando de Ossorio.	Return of the Blind Dead	Amando de Ossorio
screenwriter	The Prince of the Impossible (Italian:Il principe dell'impossibile) is a 1918 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.	The Prince of the Impossible	Augusto Genina
screenwriter	The American President is a 1995 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Rob Reiner and written by Aaron Sorkin.	The American President	Aaron Sorkin
screenwriter	Door on the Left as You Leave the Elevator (French: À gauche en sortant de l'ascenseur) is a 1988 French comedy written by Gérard Lauzier (based on his play), directed by Édouard Molinaro, and starring Pierre Richard, Emmanuelle Béart, and Richard Bohringer.	Door on the Left as You Leave the Elevator	Gérard Lauzier
screenwriter	The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 British-American superhero film directed by Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan, and the story with David S. Goyer.	The Dark Knight Rises	Christopher Nolan	Jonathan Nolan
screenwriter	Germany, Year Zero (Italian: Germania anno zero) is a 1948 film directed by Roberto Rossellini, and is the final film in Rossellini's unofficial war film trilogy, following Rome, Open City and Paisà.	Germany, Year Zero	Roberto Rossellini
screenwriter	Generation 1000 Euros (Italian: Generazione 1000 euro, also known as The 1000 Euros Generation and Generazione mille euro) is a 2009 Italian comedy film written and directed by Massimo Venier.	Generation 1000 Euros	Massimo Venier
screenwriter	The screenplay by Alvin Sargent was based upon the 1976 novel Ordinary People by Judith Guest.	Ordinary People	Alvin Sargent	Judith Guest
screenwriter	The Merry Wives (Czech: Cech panen kutnohorských) is a 1938 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Otakar Vávra.	The Merry Wives	Otakar Vávra
screenwriter	The Wild Child (French: L'Enfant sauvage, released in the United Kingdom as The Wild Boy) is a 1970 French film by director François Truffaut.	The Wild Child	François Truffaut
screenwriter	The Bellboy and the Playgirls is an American 1962 film by Francis Ford Coppola and Jack Hill that was a re-edited version of a German film of 1958 originally titled Mit Eva fing die Sünde an, directed by Fritz Umgelter with Coppola and Hill shooting sex scenes inserted into the film for a US release,	The Bellboy and the Playgirls	Francis Ford Coppola
screenwriter	Director Thangar Bachan who gave the most memorable films like Azhagi, Solla Marandha Kadhai, Pallikoodam and Onbadhu Roobai Nottu, is coming with a new directorial and production venture Ammavin Kaipesi.	Ammavin Kaipesi	Thangar Bachan
screenwriter	The Devil's Pass Key (or The Devil's Passkey) was a 1920 silent drama film directed by Erich von Stroheim.	The Devil's Pass Key	Erich von Stroheim
screenwriter	Thunderheart is a 1992 contemporary western mystery film directed by Michael Apted from an original screenplay by John Fusco.	Thunderheart	John Fusco
screenwriter	Don Cesare di Bazan is a 1942 Italian historical adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Gino Cervi, Anneliese Uhlig and Paolo Stoppa.	Don Cesare di Bazan	Riccardo Freda
screenwriter	Riña en un café is a 1897 Spanish short silent film directed by Fructuós Gelabert.	Riña en un café	Fructuós Gelabert
screenwriter	I Don Giovanni della Costa Azzurra is a 1962 Italian film, directed by Vittorio Sala.	I Don Giovanni della Costa Azzurra	Vittorio Sala
screenwriter	Fellini's Casanova (Il Casanova di Federico Fellini) is a 1976 Italian film by director Federico Fellini, adapted from the autobiography of Giacomo Casanova, the 18th century adventurer and writer.	Fellini's Casanova	Federico Fellini
screenwriter	Il futuro è donna (internationally released as The Future Is Woman) is a 1984 Italian drama film directed and written by Marco Ferreri.	The Future Is Woman	Marco Ferreri
screenwriter	Daughter of the Peaks (Swedish: Högfjällets dotter) is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.	Daughter of the Peaks	Victor Sjöström
screenwriter	Cowards Bend the Knee (also known as The Blue Hands) is a 2003 film by Guy Maddin.	Cowards Bend the Knee	Guy Maddin
screenwriter	Ride Tonight! (Swedish:Rid i natt) is a 1942 Swedish historical drama film directed by Gustaf Molander and starring Oscar Ljung, Gerd Hagman and Eva Dahlbeck.	Ride Tonight!	Gustaf Molander
screenwriter	Onaayum Aattukkuttiyum (English: The Wolf and The Lamb) is a 2013 Tamil crime drama film written, directed and produced by Mysskin.	Onaayum Aattukkuttiyum	Mysskin
screenwriter	Absolute Giganten is a 1999 German language film written and directed by Sebastian Schipper, produced by Stefan Arndt and Tom Tykwer.	Absolute Giganten	Sebastian Schipper
screenwriter	Diamonds Are a Man's Best Friend (Italian: Ray Master l'inafferrabile) is a 1966 Italian thriller-heist film written and directed by Vittorio Sala and starring Félix Marten, Liana Orfei and Gastone Moschin.	Diamonds Are a Man's Best Friend	Vittorio Sala
screenwriter	Run with the Devil (Italian: Via Margutta) is a 1960 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Mario Camerini.	Run with the Devil	Mario Camerini
screenwriter	One Magic Christmas is a 1985 American/Canadian Christmas fantasy film directed by Phillip Borsos.	One Magic Christmas	Phillip Borsos
screenwriter	Speaking Parts is a 1989 Canadian drama film directed by Atom Egoyan.	Speaking Parts	Atom Egoyan
screenwriter	Chronicle of the Years of Fire (Arabic: وقائع سنين الجمر‎, translit. Chronique des Années de Braise) is a 1975 Algerian drama historical film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina.	Chronicle of the Years of Fire	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina
screenwriter	Wolf Creek 2 is a 2013 Australian horror film co-written and directed by Greg McLean.	Wolf Creek 2	Greg McLean
screenwriter	Desperate Living is a 1977 American comedy film directed, produced, and written by John Waters.	Desperate Living	John Waters
screenwriter	La sfida (``the challenge'') is a 1958 Italian film by Francesco Rosi.	La sfida	Francesco Rosi
screenwriter	Mujhse Dosti Karoge! (Hindi: मुझसे दोस्ती करोगे, translation: ``Will you be my friend?'') is a 2002 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Kunal Kohli and produced by Aditya Chopra and Yash Chopra under the banner of Yash Raj Films.	Mujhse Dosti Karoge!	Aditya Chopra
screenwriter	On Ze Boulevard is a 1927 American comedy silent film directed by Harry F. Millarde and written by Earl Baldwin, William Scott Darling, Joseph Farnham and Richard Schayer.	On Ze Boulevard	Joseph Farnham
screenwriter	Dasavathaaram (English: The Ten Avatars) is a 2008 Indian Tamil science fiction disaster film, directed by K. S. Ravikumar.	Dasavathaaram	K. S. Ravikumar
screenwriter	The Heart of a Nation (French: Untel père et fils) is a 1943 French drama film directed by Julien Duvivier who co-wrote screenplay with Marcel Achard and Charles Spaak.	The Heart of a Nation	Marcel Achard
screenwriter	Man Facing Southeast (Spanish: Hombre mirando al sudeste) is a 1986 Argentine drama-science fiction film written and directed by Eliseo Subiela and starring Lorenzo Quinteros and Hugo Soto.	Man Facing Southeast	Eliseo Subiela
screenwriter	The Adventures of Fra Diavolo (Italian: Fra' Diavolo) is a 1942 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Enzo Fiermonte.	The Adventures of Fra Diavolo	Luigi Zampa
screenwriter	Le Casse (US title: The Burglars) is a 1971 movie directed by French director Henri Verneuil, starring Jean-Paul Belmondo, Omar Sharif, Dyan Cannon and Robert Hossein.	The Burglars	Henri Verneuil
screenwriter	Knife in the Water was shot by Roman Polanski in 1962 using only three actors.	Knife in the Water	Roman Polanski
screenwriter	Spiaggia libera is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami.	Spiaggia libera	Marino Girolami
screenwriter	Mauvaise Graine (Bad Seed) is a 1934 French drama film directed by Billy Wilder (credited as Billie Wilder) and Alexander Esway.	Mauvaise Graine	Billy Wilder
screenwriter	An Average Little Man (Italian: Un borghese piccolo piccolo, literally meaning a petty petty bourgeois, also known in English as A Very Little Man) is a 1977 Italian drama film directed by Mario Monicelli.	An Average Little Man	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Sleepless in Seattle is a 1993 American romantic comedy-drama film directed and co-written by Nora Ephron.	Sleepless in Seattle	Nora Ephron
screenwriter	The Red Queen Kills Seven Times (Italian: La dama rossa uccide sette volte) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Emilio Miraglia.	The Red Queen Kills Seven Times	Emilio Miraglia
screenwriter	A Genius, Two Partners and a Dupe (Italian: Un genio, due compari, un pollo, also known as Nobody's the Greatest) is a 1975 spaghetti western comedy film directed by Damiano Damiani and, in the opening scene, Sergio Leone.	A Genius, Two Partners and a Dupe	Damiano Damiani
screenwriter	Around a Small Mountain (French: 36 vues du pic Saint-Loup) is a 2009 French-language drama film directed by Jacques Rivette, which was his final film before his death on 29 January 2016, and starred Jane Birkin and Sergio Castellitto.	Around a Small Mountain	Jacques Rivette	Sergio Castellitto
screenwriter	The Tyrant's Heart (Hungarian: A zsarnok szíve, avagy Boccaccio Magyarországon) is a 1981 Hungarian drama film written by Gyula Hernádi and directed by Miklós Jancsó.	The Tyrant's Heart	Miklós Jancsó
screenwriter	Madame Mystery is a 1926 American film starring Theda Bara, Oliver Hardy, and James Finlayson, directed and co-written by Stan Laurel, and produced by Hal Roach.	Madame Mystery	Stan Laurel	Hal Roach
screenwriter	Takers (formerly known as Bone Deep) is a 2010 American action crime thriller film directed by John Luessenhop from a story and screenplay written by Luessenhop, Gabriel Casseus, Peter Allen, John Rogers, and Avery Duff.	Takers	Gabriel Casseus
screenwriter	The Criminal Code was adapted for the screen by Seton I. Miller and Fred Niblo, Jr., son of director Fred Niblo.	The Criminal Code	Seton I. Miller	Fred Niblo, Jr.
screenwriter	Colossus and the Amazon Queen (Italian: La regina delle Amazzoni) is a 1960 Italian sword and sandal satirical comedy film directed by Vittorio Sala.	Colossus and the Amazon Queen	Vittorio Sala
screenwriter	Far from Heaven is a 2002 American drama film written and directed by Todd Haynes and starring Julianne Moore, Dennis Quaid, Dennis Haysbert, and Patricia Clarkson.	Far from Heaven	Todd Haynes
screenwriter	Island of the Fishmen (L'isola degli uomini pesce) is a 1979 Italian adventure action horror film directed by Sergio Martino.	Island of the Fishmen	Sergio Martino
screenwriter	Bandits in Milan (Italian: Banditi a Milano; also known as The Violent Four) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Carlo Lizzani.	Bandits in Milan	Carlo Lizzani
screenwriter	Salome's Last Dance is a 1988 film by British film director, Ken Russell.	Salome's Last Dance	Ken Russell
screenwriter	Le Week-End is a 2013 British-French drama film directed by Roger Michell and written by Hanif Kureishi.	Le Week-End	Hanif Kureishi
screenwriter	Taaqatwar is a 1989 Bollywood action film directed by David Dhawan and starring Sanjay Dutt, Govinda, Neelam Kothari and Anita Raj.	Taaqatwar	David Dhawan
screenwriter	Those Wonderful Movie Cranks (Czech: Báječní muži s klikou) is a 1978 Czech comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel.	Those Wonderful Movie Cranks	Jiří Menzel
screenwriter	Little Otik (Czech: Otesánek), also known as Greedy Guts, is a 2000 Czech film by Jan Švankmajer and Eva Švankmajerová.	Little Otik	Jan Švankmajer
screenwriter	Based on the short story ``Alibi Ike'' by Ring Lardner, the film is about an ace baseball player nicknamed ``Alibi Ike'' due to his penchant for making up excuses.	Alibi Ike	Ring Lardner
screenwriter	Go for It, Baby (German:Zur Sache, Schätzchen) is a 1968 West German comedy film directed by May Spils and starring Werner Enke, Uschi Glas and Henry van Lyck.	Go for It, Baby	Werner Enke
screenwriter	The Missionary is a 1982 British comedy film directed by Richard Loncraine, and starring Michael Palin and Maggie Smith.	The Missionary	Michael Palin
screenwriter	Infanzia, vocazione e prime esperienze di Giacomo Casanova, veneziano (literally Childhood, Vocation, and First Experience of Giacomo Casanova, Venetian, internationally released as Giacomo Casanova: Childhood and Adolescence and Casanova: His Youthful Years) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini.	Giacomo Casanova: Childhood and Adolescence	Luigi Comencini
screenwriter	The screenplay by Susannah Grant is based on the book, The Soloist by Steve Lopez.	The Soloist	Susannah Grant	Steve Lopez
screenwriter	Cat Chaser is a 1989 film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Peter Weller and Kelly McGillis, based on the novel of the same name by Elmore Leonard.	Cat Chaser	Elmore Leonard
screenwriter	The City Stands Trial (Italian: Processo alla città) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Amedeo Nazzari, is based on a revisiting of the Cuocolo murders and the struggle for control of Naples by the Camorra in the early 1900s.	The City Stands Trial	Luigi Zampa
screenwriter	From NFB to Box-Office (French: De l'office au box-office) is a 2009 documentary by Quebec film director and producer Denys Desjardins.	From NFB to Box-Office	Denys Desjardins
screenwriter	Oh, Serafina! is a 1976 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.	Oh, Serafina!	Alberto Lattuada
screenwriter	Léon Morin, Priest (French: Léon Morin, prêtre) is a 1961 film directed and scripted by Jean-Pierre Melville, and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo and Emmanuelle Riva.	Léon Morin, Priest	Jean-Pierre Melville
screenwriter	The White Sound (German: Das weisse Rauschen) is the directorial debut of Austrian director Hans Weingartner and co-director and screenplay writer Tobias Amann.	The White Sound	Hans Weingartner
screenwriter	In Case of Adversity (En cas de malheur or Love Is My Profession in the U.S.) is a 1958 French film directed by Claude Autant-Lara, screenplay by Jean Aurenche and Pierre Bost, after a novel by Georges Simenon.	In Case of Adversity	Pierre Bost
screenwriter	The Belly of an Architect is a 1987 film drama written and directed by Peter Greenaway, featuring original music by Glenn Branca and Wim Mertens.	The Belly of an Architect	Peter Greenaway
screenwriter	Help Me Dream (Italian: Aiutami a sognare) is a 1981 Italian romance film directed by Pupi Avati.	Help Me Dream	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	Stevnemøte med glemte år is a 1957 Norwegian drama film directed by Jon Lennart Mjøen.	Stevnemøte med glemte år	Jon Lennart Mjøen
screenwriter	Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, written by Frank Pierson, and produced by Martin Bregman and Martin Elfand.	Dog Day Afternoon	Frank Pierson
screenwriter	Against All (Czech: Proti všem) is a 1956 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Otakar Vávra.	Against All	Otakar Vávra
screenwriter	Exploits of a Young Don Juan (French: Les exploits d'un jeune Don Juan, Italian: L'iniziazione, also known as What Every Frenchwoman Wants) is a 1986 French-Italian erotic coming of age film written and directed by Gianfranco Mingozzi.	Exploits of a Young Don Juan	Gianfranco Mingozzi
screenwriter	The Tango Lesson (Spanish: 'La lección de tango') is a 1997 drama film written and directed by Sally Potter.	The Tango Lesson	Sally Potter
screenwriter	Pépé le Moko (pe.pe lə mo.ko) is a 1937 French film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Jean Gabin.	Pépé le Moko	Julien Duvivier
screenwriter	They Stole a Tram (Italian: Hanno rubato un tram) is a 1954 Italian comedy film written, directed and starred by Aldo Fabrizi.	They Stole a Tram	Aldo Fabrizi
screenwriter	The Blood of a Poet (French: Le Sang d'un Poète) (1930) is an avant-garde film directed by Jean Cocteau and financed by Charles de Noailles.	The Blood of a Poet	Jean Cocteau
screenwriter	Easy! (Italian: Scialla!) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Bruni.	Easy!	Francesco Bruni
screenwriter	Combat Girls (original title is Kriegerin, the German term for a female warrior) is a 2011 German drama film written and directed by David Wnendt.	Combat Girls	David Wnendt
screenwriter	La Boum (English title: The Party or Ready for Love) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Claude Pinoteau and starring Sophie Marceau, appearing in her film début.	La Boum	Claude Pinoteau
screenwriter	Hamlet 2 is a 2008 American comedy film directed by Andrew Fleming, written by Fleming and Pam Brady, and starring Steve Coogan, Catherine Keener, Amy Poehler, and David Arquette.	Hamlet 2	Pam Brady
screenwriter	A Visitor to a Museum (Russian: Посетитель музея, translit. Posetitel muzeya) is a 1989 Soviet post-apocalyptic drama film directed by Konstantin Lopushansky.	A Visitor to a Museum	Konstantin Lopushansky
screenwriter	Cannibal Holocaust is a 1980 Italian cannibal horror film directed by Ruggero Deodato from a screenplay by Gianfranco Clerici.	Cannibal Holocaust	Ruggero Deodato	Gianfranco Clerici
screenwriter	Belly of the Beast is a 2003 American action film directed by Hong Kong film director Ching Siu Ting in his American directorial debut, and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal.	Belly of the Beast	Steven Seagal
screenwriter	Mountains on Fire (German: Berge in Flammen) is a 1931 German war film directed by Karl Hartl and Luis Trenker and starring Trenker, Lissy Arna and Luigi Serventi.	Mountains on Fire	Karl Hartl	Luis Trenker
screenwriter	The New Country (Swedish: Det nya landet) is a Swedish mini TV-series and feature film from 2000, directed by Geir Hansteen Jörgensen and written by Peter Birro and Lukas Moodysson.	The New Country	Lukas Moodysson
screenwriter	An American Werewolf in London is a 1981 British-American comedy horror film written and directed by John Landis, and starring David Naughton, Jenny Agutter, and Griffin Dunne.	An American Werewolf in London	John Landis
screenwriter	Happy We (Swedish: Två killar och en tjej) is a Swedish 1983 film directed by Lasse Hallström.	Happy We	Lasse Hallström
screenwriter	Three Girls Lost is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Loretta Young, Lew Cody, and John Wayne.	Three Girls Lost	Loretta Young	Lew Cody	John Wayne
screenwriter	The Edge of Love is a 2008 John Maybury drama film starring Keira Knightley, Sienna Miller, Cillian Murphy and Matthew Rhys from a script by Sharman Macdonald, Knightley's mother.	The Edge of Love	Sharman Macdonald
screenwriter	A Sunday in September (Swedish: En söndag i september) is a 1963 Swedish drama film directed by Jörn Donner.	A Sunday in September	Jörn Donner
screenwriter	Zapata's Gang (German:Zapatas Bande) is a 1914 German silent film directed by Urban Gad and starring Asta Nielsen.	Zapata's Gang	Urban Gad
screenwriter	Il fidanzamento (The Engagement) is a 1975 Italian romantic comedy-drama film directed by Giovanni Grimaldi.	Il fidanzamento	Giovanni Grimaldi
screenwriter	Red Psalm (Hungarian: Még kér a nép) is a 1972 Hungarian film by Miklós Jancsó.	Red Psalm	Miklós Jancsó
screenwriter	Sleeping with Other People is a 2015 American romantic comedy film directed and written by Leslye Headland.	Sleeping with Other People	Leslye Headland
screenwriter	The Greatest Thing in Life is a 1918 American silent drama film about World War I, directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish, Robert Harron, and David Butler.	The Greatest Thing in Life	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	Le salamandre is a 1969 Italian erotic-drama film written and directed by Alberto Cavallone.	Le salamandre	Alberto Cavallone
screenwriter	Buona Sera, Mrs. Campbell is a 1968 Technicolor American comedy film starring Gina Lollobrigida and directed by Melvin Frank, who co-wrote the original screenplay with Denis Norden and Sheldon Keller.	Buona Sera, Mrs. Campbell	Melvin Frank
screenwriter	``Unruhe'' was written by Vince Gilligan, directed by Rob Bowman, and featured a guest appearance from Pruitt Taylor Vince.	Unruhe	Vince Gilligan
screenwriter	How I Lost the War (Italian: Come persi la guerra) is a 1947 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Borghesio and starring Erminio Macario.	How I Lost the War	Carlo Borghesio
screenwriter	Convict 13 is a 1920 short comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton.	Convict 13	Buster Keaton
screenwriter	Four Adventures of Reinette and Mirabelle (French: Quatre aventures de Reinette et Mirabelle) is a 1987 French film directed by Éric Rohmer, starring Joëlle Miquel, Jessica Forde and Philippe Laudenbach.	Four Adventures of Reinette and Mirabelle	Éric Rohmer	Joëlle Miquel
screenwriter	My Life Without Me is a 2003 Canadian drama film directed by Isabel Coixet and starring Sarah Polley, Mark Ruffalo, Scott Speedman, and Leonor Watling.	My Life Without Me	Isabel Coixet
screenwriter	The Mill at Sanssouci (German: Die Mühle von Sanssouci) is a 1926 German silent historical film directed by Siegfried Philippi and Frederic Zelnik and starring Otto Gebühr, Lissi Lind and Jakob Tiedtke.	The Mill at Sanssouci	Siegfried Philippi
screenwriter	Daddy and Them is a 2001 American film written and directed by, as well as starring Billy Bob Thornton.	Daddy and Them	Billy Bob Thornton
screenwriter	La liceale (internationally released as The Teasers, Under-graduate Girls, Sophomore Swingers and Teasers) is a 1975 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.	La liceale	Michele Massimo Tarantini
screenwriter	Honeymoon in Vegas is a 1992 comedy film directed by Andrew Bergman and starring Nicolas Cage, James Caan and Sarah Jessica Parker.	Honeymoon in Vegas	Andrew Bergman
screenwriter	The Spy Who Loved Flowers (Italian: Le spie amano i fiori, also known as Hell Cats) is a 1966 Italian/Spanish co-production science fiction-Eurospy film written and directed by Umberto Lenzi (here credited as ``Hubert Humphry'').	The Spy Who Loved Flowers	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	The Naked Runner is a 1967 British espionage film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Frank Sinatra, Peter Vaughan and Edward Fox.	The Naked Runner	Sidney J. Furie
screenwriter	Gosford Park is a 2001 British mystery film directed by Robert Altman and written by Julian Fellowes.	Gosford Park	Julian Fellowes
screenwriter	It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse, But the Society in Which He Lives (German: Nicht der Homosexuelle ist pervers, sondern die Situation, in der er lebt) is a 1971 German camp film directed by Rosa von Praunheim.	It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse, But the Society in Which He Lives	Rosa von Praunheim
screenwriter	One, Two, Three is a 1961 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and written by Wilder and I.A.L. Diamond.	One, Two, Three	Billy Wilder
screenwriter	Fanfan (Fanfan & Alexandre) is a 1993 French romantic comedy film written and directed by Alexandre Jardin and starring Sophie Marceau and Vincent Perez.	Fanfan	Alexandre Jardin
screenwriter	Quo Vadis, Baby? is a 2005 Italian drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores.	Quo Vadis, Baby?	Gabriele Salvatores
screenwriter	2001 Maniacs is a 2005 American comedy horror film directed by Tim Sullivan, starring Robert Englund, Jay Gillespie, Dylan Edrington, and Matthew Carey.	2001 Maniacs	Tim Sullivan
screenwriter	Velvet Goldmine (1998) is a British drama film directed and co-written by Todd Haynes set in Britain during the glam rock days of the early 1970s; it tells the story of the fictional pop star Brian Slade.	Velvet Goldmine	Todd Haynes
screenwriter	Get Mean, also known as Beat a Dead Horse and The Stranger Gets Mean, is a 1975 Italian-American Spaghetti Western fantasy comedy film directed by Ferdinando Baldi and starring Tony Anthony, Lloyd Battista, Raf Baldassarre, Diana Lorys and Mirta Miller.	Get Mean	Lloyd Battista
screenwriter	Seven Deaths in the Cat's Eye (Italian: La morte negli occhi del gatto, French: Les Diablesses, also known as Cat's Murdering Eye) is a 1973 Italian-French giallo-horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti.	Seven Deaths in the Cat's Eye	Antonio Margheriti
screenwriter	Diario segreto da un carcere femminile (internationally released as Women in Cell Block 7) is a 1973 Italian women in prison film written and directed by Rino Di Silvestro.	Women in Cell Block 7	Rino Di Silvestro
screenwriter	Charlie Strapp and Froggy Ball Flying High (Swedish: Kalle Stropp och Grodan Boll på svindlande äventyr) is a 1991 Swedish animated feature film directed by Jan Gissberg after an original script by Thomas Funck, using Funck's already well-established characters.	Charlie Strapp and Froggy Ball Flying High	Thomas Funck
screenwriter	Le Concert is a 2009 French comedy film by Radu Mihăileanu starring Aleksei Guskov, Mélanie Laurent and Miou-Miou.	Le Concert	Radu Mihăileanu
screenwriter	The Eyes, the Mouth (Italian: Gli occhi, la bocca, French: Les Yeux, la Bouche) is a 1982 Italian-French drama film written and directed by Marco Bellocchio and starring Lou Castel.	The Eyes, the Mouth	Marco Bellocchio
screenwriter	Nikola Ležaić, writer and director of Tilva Roš, who is also born in Bor got a copy of Crap from his friend, and fell in love with it.	Tilva Roš	Nikola Ležaić
screenwriter	Wedding in Blood (French: Les Noces rouges) is a 1973 French thriller film directed by Claude Chabrol.	Wedding in Blood	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	Kill Cruise (German title Der Skipper) is a 1990 film directed by Peter Keglevic and starring Jürgen Prochnow, Patsy Kensit and Elizabeth Hurley.	Kill Cruise	Peter Keglevic
screenwriter	The Parson's Widow (Swedish: Prästänkan), aka The Witch Woman, is a 1920 comedy drama film directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer.	The Parson's Widow	Carl Theodor Dreyer
screenwriter	Shadows in Paradise (Finnish: Varjoja paratiisissa) is a 1986 Finnish art house comedy-drama film written and directed by Aki Kaurismäki.	Shadows in Paradise	Aki Kaurismäki
screenwriter	The Sensual Man (Italian: Paolo il caldo, also known as The Sensuous Sicilian) is a 1974 Italian comedy film written and directed by Marco Vicario.	The Sensual Man	Marco Vicario
screenwriter	Specter of the Rose is a 1946 ballet murder mystery film noir written and directed by Ben Hecht and starring Judith Anderson, Ivan Kirov, Viola Essen, Michael Chekhov, and Lionel Stander, with choreography by Tamara Geva, and music by George Antheil.	Specter of the Rose	Ben Hecht
screenwriter	Hotel Noir is a 2012 crime film directed and written by Sebastian Gutierrez.	Hotel Noir	Sebastian Gutierrez
screenwriter	Cop Land is a 1997 American crime drama film written and directed by James Mangold, and starring Sylvester Stallone, Harvey Keitel, Ray Liotta, and Robert De Niro.	Cop Land	James Mangold
screenwriter	The Zurich Engagement (German:Die Zürcher Verlobung) is a 1957 West German comedy film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Liselotte Pulver, Paul Hubschmid and Bernhard Wicki.	The Zurich Engagement	Helmut Käutner
sex or gender	A 1958 nationwide poll of U.S. teenagers found Perry Como to be the most popular male singer, beating Elvis Presley, who was the winner of the previous year's poll.	Perry Como	male
sex or gender	Megumi Igarashi (Japanese: 五十嵐恵), who uses the pseudonym Rokudenashiko (Japanese: ろくでなし子 ``good-for-nothing girl'' or ``bad girl''), is a Japanese sculptor and manga artist who has received public attention for her work featuring female genitalia.	Megumi Igarashi	female
sex or gender	Brenda Archer (born September 17, 1942 in Georgetown, Demerara-Mahaica) is a retired female track and field athlete from Guyana.	Brenda Archer	female
sex or gender	Chen Jingwen (simplified Chinese: 陈静文; traditional Chinese: 陳靜文, born 4 February 1990 in Guangzhou) is a female Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	Chen Jingwen	female
sex or gender	Laurie Smith is Sheriff of Santa Clara County, California, and the first female County Sheriff in the history of the state.	Laurie Smith	female
sex or gender	Carey Lohrenz (born 1968) is a former Lieutenant in the United States Navy who was the first fully qualified female naval aviator to fly the F-14 Tomcat in the United States Military.	Carey Lohrenz	female
sex or gender	Sibel Şimşek (pronounced (ˈsiːbel ˈʃiːmʃec); born October 10, 1984 in Osmancık Çorum, Turkey) is a European champion Turkish female weightlifter competing in the Women's 63 kg division.	Sibel Şimşek	female
sex or gender	Victoria Grant (née Blackledge; b. 26 August 1982) is a female rugby union player.	Victoria Grant	female
sex or gender	Wang Dandan (born May 1, 1985 in Beijing) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Wang Dandan	female
sex or gender	Lillian Goodner (1896--1994) was an African-American blues singer, who performed in the classic female blues style that was popular during the 1920s.	Lillian Goodner	female
sex or gender	Teresa Rivera Pastrana (born April 24, 1966) is a former female backstroke and freestyle swimmer from Mexico.	Teresa Rivera	female
sex or gender	Ida Goodson (November 23, 1909 -- January 5, 2000) was an American classic female blues and jazz singer plus pianist.	Ida Goodson	female
sex or gender	Ludmilla Meijler-Sochnenko (born in Minsk, Belarus) is a female draughts player.	Ludmilla Meijler-Sochnenko	female
sex or gender	Mualla Eyüboğlu Anhegger (1919 -- August 16, 2009) was one of the first female Turkish architects.	Mualla Eyüboğlu	female
sex or gender	Tai Orathai (Thai: ต่าย อรทัย) is a Thai female luk thung (Thai country music) singer from Ubon Ratchatani, Thailand.	Tai Orathai	female
sex or gender	Peta-Gaye Gayle (born 19 January 1979) is a retired female track and field sprinter from Jamaica, who competed in the 400 m hurdles during her career.	Peta-Gaye Gayle	female
sex or gender	Hee-kyung Seo (Korean: 서희경, born 8 July 1986), also known as Seo Hee-kyung, is a South Korean female professional golfer playing on the LPGA Tour and on LPGA of Korea Tour.	Hee-kyung Seo	female
sex or gender	Jiao Zhimin (Chinese: 焦志敏; December 1, 1963) is a female Chinese former table tennis player.	Jiao Zhimin	female
sex or gender	Rajashree Birla is in active association with Population First, a non-governmental organisation dedicated to the cause of female foeticide.	Rajashree Birla	female
sex or gender	Irina Crasnoscioc, married Michailova (born August 13, 1981) is a Moldovan - Russian female professional basketball player.	Irina Crasnoscioc	female
sex or gender	Fikret Özsoy (born January 1, 1965) is a male javelin throw record holder from Turkey.	Fikret Özsoy	male
sex or gender	Catriona Forrest (born 27 February 1984 in Glasgow) is a female field hockey defender from Scotland.	Catriona Forrest	female
sex or gender	Stephanie Beaumont (born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada) is a Canadian female country music artist.	Stephanie Beaumont	female
sex or gender	Denis Gremelmayr (born 16 August 1981) is an inactive German male tennis player.	Denis Gremelmayr	male
sex or gender	Bonnie Morgan is a female contortionist and an actress.	Bonnie Morgan	female
sex or gender	Jackeline Estevez (born February 7, 1968) is a popular female singer in the Dominican Republic.	Jackeline Estevez	female
sex or gender	Melissa Straker-Taylor (born January 23, 1976) is a retired female track and field sprinter from Barbados, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 1996 and 2000.	Melissa Straker	female
sex or gender	Cammie Lusko (born April 5, 1958) is an American athlete best known for her contributions to female bodybuilding in the 1980s.	Cammie Lusko	female
sex or gender	Kim Su-dae (born May 13, 1942) is a female North Korean former volleyball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Kim Su-dae	female
sex or gender	Dona Oliveira (born September 8, 1960), is a former professional female bodybuilder from the United States.	Dona Oliveira	female
sex or gender	Jessi Colter was one of the few female artists to emerge from the mid-1970s ``outlaw'' movement.	Jessi Colter	female
sex or gender	Jorge Humberto Martínez Correa (born November 5, 1975 in Jardín, Antioquia) is a male road cyclist from Colombia.	Jorge Humberto Martínez	male
sex or gender	Mohammad Hatta is often remembered as Bung Hatta (``bung'' derives from ``abang'', an affectionate title meaning ``older brother,'' used to address close male acquaintances or father figures).	Mohammad Hatta	male
sex or gender	At the opening of the Teatro alla Scala in Milan on August 3, 1778, Francesca Lebrun was the female lead in Antonio Salieri's opera Europa Riconosciuta.	Francesca Lebrun	female
sex or gender	Li Duihong (Chinese: 李对红; born January 25, 1970) is a female Chinese sports shooter.	Li Duihong	female
sex or gender	Denise Murray (born March 8, 1964) is a Canadian female country music singer.	Denise Murray	female
sex or gender	Balçiçek İlter, formerly also known as Balçiçek Pamir, (June 16, 1973, İstanbul), is a Turkish female journalist, columnist and television presenter.	Balçiçek İlter	female
sex or gender	Efioanwan Ekpo (born 25 January 1984) is a Nigerian female footballer.	Efioanwan Ekpo	female
sex or gender	Elif Yıldırım (born February 14, 1990 in İznik, Bursa Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female sprinter, who is specialized in the 400m hurdles event.	Elif Yıldırım	female
sex or gender	Yarelys Barrios Castañeda (also Yarelis Barrios Castañeda; born July 12, 1983 in Pinar del Río) is a female discus thrower from Cuba.	Yarelys Barrios	female
sex or gender	Siranush was the first female actress in the world who played the role of Hamlet and was gifted with the exceptional power of personification.	Siranush	female
sex or gender	Mitsuru Yūki is a female Japanese novelist who is famed for her work, Shōnen Onmyōji.	Mitsuru Yūki	female
sex or gender	Molly Williams (fl. 1818) was the first known female firefighter in the United States.	Molly Williams	female
sex or gender	Connie Szerszen is an American female radio personality.	Connie Szerszen	female
sex or gender	Ren Chengyuan (born 1986-09-20 in Jiangsu) is a female Chinese Olympic cyclist, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ren Chengyuan	female
sex or gender	Annabelle Lee Harmon (January 22, 1922 -- July 3, 2008) was a female pitcher who played from 1944 through 1950 with four different teams of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.	Annabelle Lee	female
sex or gender	Visiline Jepkesho (born 1988) is a female Kenyan long-distance runner.	Visiline Jepkesho	female
sex or gender	Velika Begovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Велика Беговица; fl. 1876--78) was a female rebel in the Kozjak region, which was under Ottoman rule (today part of R. Macedonia), active during the Serbo-Turkish War (1876--78).	Velika Begovica	female
sex or gender	Tan Anqi (simplified Chinese: 谭安琪; traditional Chinese: 譚安琪; pinyin: Tán Ānqí; born June 10, 1986 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Tan Anqi	female
sex or gender	Jackie Kallen (born Jackie Kaplan, April 23, 1946) is one of boxing's first and most successful female managers.	Jackie Kallen	female
sex or gender	A UK manufacturer made the 'Welcom' Clem Sohn Bird-Man Glider, featuring ``a red suited male figure with fold-out arms'' and rubber wheels.	Clem Sohn	male
sex or gender	The Real Roxanne (born Adelaida Martinez, July 15, 1963) is an American female hip hop emcee who recorded for Select Records.	The Real Roxanne	female
sex or gender	Jermaine Herron, a 27-year-old black male, was executed by lethal injection at the Texas State Penitentiary in Huntsville, Texas on May 17, 2006.	Jermaine Herron	male
sex or gender	Arthur Holmberg in his 2014 book David Mamet and Male Friendship, has reconsidered the gender issue in many of Mamet's plays throughout his career by asserting a prominent and recurrent reversed sexual orientation of portrayed male gender preferences.	David Mamet	male
sex or gender	Maryse Turcotte (born February 23, 1975 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a retired female weightlifter from Canada, who competed twice for her native country at the Summer Olympics: 2000 and 2004.	Maryse Turcotte	female
sex or gender	Madeline Nyamwanza-Makonese is the first Zimbabwean female doctor, the second African woman to become a doctor, and the first African woman to graduate from the University of Rhodesia Medical School.	Madeline Nyamwanza-Makonese	female
sex or gender	Tétaz had recommended Kimbra to Gotye after a 'high profile' Australian female vocalist had withdrawn from the collaboration.	Kimbra	female
sex or gender	Tetyana Dorokhova (Ukrainian: Тетяна Дорохова) is a Ukrainian female archer.	Tetyana Dorokhova	female
sex or gender	Matsuda Yuriko (born 1943) is a female Japanese ceramic artist.	Matsuda Yuriko	female
sex or gender	Arlette Schneiders is a Luxembourg architect who in 1989 was the first female architect in Luxembourg to establish her own practice.	Arlette Schneiders	female
sex or gender	Sara Braverman (1918 -- 10 February 2013) was a member of the Jewish Parachutists of Mandate Palestine, one of the first female fighters to serve in the Palmach, and a founding member of the IDF Women's Corps.	Sara Braverman	female
sex or gender	Viona Harrer (born 5 November 1986) is a German female ice hockey goaltender, who played for the otherwise all-male Team Tölzer Löwen and for the Germany women's national ice hockey team.	Viona Harrer	female
sex or gender	Thomas J. Grasso was a 32-year-old male executed by lethal injection at Oklahoma State Penitentiary, McAlester, Oklahoma, USA, on March 20, 1995, for two murders.	Thomas J. Grasso	male
sex or gender	Doris Wanjala-Wefwafwa (24 December 1966 -- 11 December 2007) was a Kenyan female volleyball player.	Doris Wanjala	female
sex or gender	Tuğçe Şahutoğlu (born May 1, 1988 in Mersin, Turkey) is a Turkish female hammer thrower.	Tuğçe Şahutoğlu	female
sex or gender	Keren Tendler (died August 12, 2006) was Israel's first female helicopter flight mechanic soon after a court allowed women to serve in combat positions.	Keren Tendler	female
sex or gender	Oleksandr Nelep is an Ukrainian male acrobatic gymnast.	Oleksandr Nelep	male
sex or gender	Svend Erik Kristensen (born June 24, 1956) is a retired male long-distance runner from Denmark, who twice represented his native country at the European Athletics Championships during his career: 1982 and 1986.	Svend Erik Kristensen	male
sex or gender	Connie Francis (born Concetta Rosa Maria Franconero, December 12, 1938) is an American pop singer and the top-charting female vocalist of the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Connie Francis	female
sex or gender	Elbek Tazhyieu (born January 7, 1986) (also known as Elbek Tojiev) is a male Greco-Roman wrestler from Belarus.	Elbek Tazhyieu	male
sex or gender	Rafael Álvarez Serrano (born October 29, 1971 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Las Palmas) is a retired male diver from Spain, best known for winning the bronze medals at the 1997 European Championships in Seville, Spain and at the World University Games in 1999.	Rafael Álvarez	male
sex or gender	In Greek mythology, the Androktasiai (Ancient Greek: Ἀνδροκτασίαι; singular: Androktasia) were the female personifications of manslaughter.	Androktasiai	female
sex or gender	Rebecca Hull (née Mahoney; born August 25, 1985) is a female rugby union player.	Rebecca Hull	female
sex or gender	A female French Legionnaire in the book Sowing Glory by P.C. Wren was referred to by the pseudonym of Mary Ambree in order to protect her identity.	Mary Ambree	female
sex or gender	Sally McNair was the first female television sports journalist in Scotland, working as a presenter and reporter at STV on the world's longest-running TV sports programme, ``Scotsport'' from 1984.	Sally McNair	female
sex or gender	Anne Hampton Brewster (October 29, 1818 -- 1892) was one of America's first female foreign correspondents, publishing primarily in Philadelphia, New York and Boston newspapers.	Anne Hampton Brewster	female
sex or gender	Kyle Spencer (born 26 January 1976) is a male former tennis player from the United Kingdom.	Kyle Spencer	male
sex or gender	Zuzana Čunderlíková (pronounced (ˈzuzana ˈtʃunderliːkoʋa)) is a member of the Slovak female rafting team, holder of the 2008 European rafting championship title.	Zuzana Čunderlíková	female
sex or gender	Brenda Wilson was chief executive of Cancer Council SA, from 2002 to May 2015 and is South Australia's first female Lieutenant-Governor.	Brenda Wilson	female
sex or gender	Aldo Bello (Aldo Jonathan Bello Morillo) (born 23 May 1975 in Maracaibo, Zulia) is a male hammer thrower from Venezuela.	Aldo Bello	male
sex or gender	Takehiro Sonohara (Japanese: 園原 健弘; born November 9, 1962 in Nagano) is a retired male race walker from Japan.	Takehiro Sonohara	male
sex or gender	Chen Ling (simplified Chinese: 陈玲; traditional Chinese: 陳玲; pinyin: Chén Líng; born June 16, 1987 in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu) is a female archer from the People's Republic of China.	Chen Ling	female
sex or gender	Mariana Díaz Oliva (born 11 March 1976) is a retired professional female tennis player from Argentina.	Mariana Díaz Oliva	female
sex or gender	Hyun Sook-hee (Hangul: 현숙희, Hanja: 玄淑姬; born March 3, 1973 in Seoul, South Korea) is a female South Korean judoka.	Hyun Sook-hee	female
sex or gender	Lisa Brown-Miller (born November 16, 1966) is an American female ice hockey player.	Lisa Brown-Miller	female
sex or gender	Brian Keith Jones (born 1947), formerly known as Brendan John Megson and Whispen, is an Australian child molestor and burglar who was convicted of the abduction and sexual assault of six male children between 1979 and 1980.	Brian Keith Jones	male
sex or gender	Michael Žygimantaitis (Lithuanian: Mykolas Žygimantaitis, Polish: Michał Bolesław Zygmuntowicz; before 1406 -- shortly before February 10, 1452 in Moscow) was the last male descendant of Kęstutis, Grand Duke of Lithuania.	Michael Žygimantaitis	male
sex or gender	Irena Fleissnerová (born November 25, 1958 in Plzeň) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from the Czech Republic, who won two gold medals at the 1979 Summer Universiade in Mexico City, Mexico.	Irena Fleissnerová	female
sex or gender	Bogaha Kotuwe Gedara Niluka Geethani Rajasekara is a female Sri Lankan long-distance runner.	Niluka Geethani Rajasekara	female
sex or gender	Martina Miceli (born October 22, 1973 in Rome) is a female water polo defender from Italy, who won the gold medal with the Women's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Martina Miceli	female
sex or gender	Yvette McGee Brown (born 1960, Columbus, Ohio, United States) became the first African-American female justice on the Ohio Supreme Court when she took office on January 1, 2011.	Yvette McGee Brown	female
sex or gender	Denise Klecker (born January 26, 1972 in Mainz, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a retired female field hockey defender from Germany, who won the gold medal with the German National Women's Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Denise Klecker	female
sex or gender	Rukiye Yıldırım (born February 12, 1991 in Ankara) is a Turkish female taekwondo practitioner competing in the finweight division.	Rukiye Yıldırım	female
sex or gender	Lexi Peters (a native of Buffalo, New York) became the first female ice hockey player to appear in an EA Sports NHL Hockey video game after appearing in NHL 12.	Lexi Peters	female
sex or gender	Hong Wenwen (born August 22, 1986 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Hong Wenwen	female
sex or gender	``Vicious'' Vaia Zaganas is possibly the most accomplished female boxer to ever come out of Canada.	Vaia Zaganas	female
sex or gender	Hermaphroditus, the two-sexed child of Aphrodite and Hermes (Venus and Mercury) had long been a symbol of androgyny or effeminacy, and was portrayed in Greco-Roman art as a female figure with male genitals.	Hermaphroditus	male
sex or gender	Lori Ann Mundt (born May 19, 1971 in Yorkton, Saskatchewan) is a retired female volleyball player from Canada Mundt competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Lori Ann Mundt	female
sex or gender	Emily O'Reilly is an author and former journalist and broadcaster who became Ireland's first female Ombudsman in 2003, succeeding Kevin Murphy.	Emily O'Reilly	female
sex or gender	The Shadow of Empress Wu, also known as Riyue Lingkong, is a Chinese television series about the relationship between Wu Zetian, the only female emperor in Chinese history, and Xie Yaohuan, a fictional female official serving in Wu's court.	The Shadow of Empress Wu	female
sex or gender	Kim Hee-jin (Hangul: 김희진; born 29 April 1991) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.	Kim Hee-jin	female
sex or gender	Laura Asadauskaitė-Zadneprovskienė (born February 28, 1984) is a female Lithuanian modern pentathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and achieved an Olympic record score.	Laura Asadauskaitė	female
sex or gender	Fatiha Ouali (born October 25, 1974 in Roubaix, Nord) is a female race walker from France.	Fatiha Ouali	female
sex or gender	Alternative conductors such as Georg Solti and Carlo Maria Giulini were suggested, but Britten proposed that Meredith Davies would conduct the orchestra, chorus and Heather Harper, and Britten himself would conduct the chamber orchestra accompanying the two male soloists (Peter Pears, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau) and the Melos Ensemble.	Meredith Davies	male
sex or gender	María del Pilar Pereyra (born January 24, 1978) is a retired female butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Argentina who represented her native country twice at the Summer Olympics, in 1996 and 2000.	María del Pilar Pereyra	female
sex or gender	Awilda, also known as Alwilda, was a female pirate.	Awilda	female
sex or gender	Hélia Rogério de Souza (born 10 March 1970 in São Paulo), nicknamed Fofão, is a retired Brazilian female volleyball player who competed for the her country's national team in five consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.	Fofão	female
sex or gender	Josephine Russell is a British people female acrobatic gymnast.	Josephine Russell	female
sex or gender	Jenny Fransson (born 18 July 1987 in Karlstad) is a female freestyle wrestler from Sweden who participated in Women's freestyle wrestling 72 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Jenny Fransson	female
sex or gender	Zahida Kazmi is a Pakistani taxi driver and is known as Pakistan's first female taxi driver.	Zahida Kazmi	female
sex or gender	Rachel Wall (c.1760 -- October 8, 1789) was an American female pirate, and the last woman to be hanged in Massachusetts.	Rachel Wall	female
sex or gender	Zhang Xiangsen (Chinese: 张祥森; born November 5, 1972) is a male weightlifter from PR China.	Zhang Xiangsen	male
sex or gender	Wilma Newhoudt-Druchen is a South African politician, and the country's first deaf female Member of Parliament.	Wilma Newhoudt-Druchen	female
sex or gender	A Voice on The Ocean sold over 20 million copies in mainland China and, combined with four subsequent albums, made Fei Xiang China's all-time best-selling male recording artist.	Fei Xiang	male
sex or gender	Dirk Matschenz (born 30 May 1979) is a Dutch male skeleton racer, who took part in the 2005/2006 Skeleton World Cup trying to qualify for the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Dirk Matschenz	male
sex or gender	Zhang Guolin (born March 14, 1985 in Zhuanghe, Dalian, Liaoning) is a male Chinese rower, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics (in the men's lightweight double sculls) and 2012 Summer Olympics (in the men's lightweight four).	Zhang Guolin	male
sex or gender	Liliyana Natsir (born 9 September 1985 in Manado, Indonesia) is a female badminton player from Indonesia who specializes in doubles.	Liliyana Natsir	female
sex or gender	Lucia Hatinová (born 28 February 1984) is a Slovak female former volleyball player, playing as a central.	Lucia Hatinová	female
sex or gender	Esther Ghan Firestone (1925 -- 28 May 2015) was the first female cantor in Canada, although she was not ordained.	Esther Ghan Firestone	female
sex or gender	Zhang Dan eventually became the tallest competing female pair skater.	Zhang Dan	female
sex or gender	Ren Mengqian (Chinese: 任梦茜; born 4 October 1993) is a female pole vaulter from China.	Ren Mengqian	female
sex or gender	Sun Yujun (born 1987-01-30 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.	Sun Yujun	female
sex or gender	Iqbal Bano (Urdu: اقبال بانو‎), Pride of Performance Award in 1974, (born 1935 in Delhi -- died 21 April 2009, in Lahore) was a highly acclaimed female Ghazal singer from Pakistan.	Iqbal Bano	female
sex or gender	Mandy Johnstone is also the first female politician elected to the seat of Townsville.	Mandy Johnstone	female
sex or gender	Herman Shumlin (December 6, 1898, Atwood, Colorado -- June 4, 1979, New York City) was a prolific Broadway theatrical director and theatrical producer beginning in 1927 with the play Celebrity and continuing through 1974 with a short run of As You Like It, notably with an all male cast.	Herman Shumlin	male
sex or gender	Jirawat Hemansutikun (Thai: จิรวัฒน์ เหมันต์สุทธิกุล, born February 14, 1992), better known by his nickname Nong Earn, is a Thai male model.	Jirawat Hemansutikun	male
sex or gender	Sun Laimiao (simplified Chinese: 孙来苗; traditional Chinese: 孫來苗; pinyin: Sūn Láimiáo; born April 8, 1981 in Chuzhou, Anhui) is a female Chinese handball player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Sun Laimiao	female
sex or gender	Angelina Kanana (born 16 December 1965) is a retired female long-distance runner from Kenya, who represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the women's marathon race.	Angelina Kanana	female
sex or gender	Ren Jie (simplified Chinese: 任洁; traditional Chinese: 任潔; pinyin: Rèn Jié; born February 8, 1980 in Baoding, Hebei) is a female Chinese sports shooter who competed in 10 metre air pistol at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ren Jie	female
sex or gender	Ifeoma Okoye (possibly born in 1937) has been referred to by fans as ``the most important female novelist from Nigeria after Flora Nwapa and Buchi Emecheta,'' according to Oyekan Owomoyela.	Ifeoma Okoye	female
sex or gender	Ingeborg Mello de Preiss (Germany, January 4, 1919 -- Buenos Aires, Argentina, October 25, 2009) was a female track and field athlete from Argentina, competing in the discus throw and the shot put.	Ingeborg Mello	female
sex or gender	Mary Ayubi is a female film maker and a journalist in Afghanistan, her home country.	Mary Ayubi	female
sex or gender	Cheikha Rimitti (Arabic: شيخة ريميتي‎) (born سعدية الغيزانية Saadia El Ghizania, 8 May 1923 -- 15 May 2006) was a popular Algerian raï female singer.	Cheikha Rimitti	female
sex or gender	Michael Olieman (born 17 April 1983 in Utrecht) is a Dutch male former volleyball player.	Michael Olieman	male
sex or gender	Eugeniusz Bedeniczuk (born January 6, 1961 in Lachy, Podlaskie) is a former male triple jumper from Poland, who represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Eugeniusz Bedeniczuk	male
sex or gender	Marcela Kubalčíková (born April 23, 1973 in Zlín) is a retired female backstroke and butterfly swimmer from the Czech Republic, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, Georgia.	Marcela Kubalčíková	female
sex or gender	Husmukh Bhikha (born 28 April 1958 in Wellington) is a male former field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a member of the national team that finished seventh at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Husmukh Bhikha	male
sex or gender	Crystal Gayle became the first female artist in country music history to reach Platinum sales with her 1977 album We Must Believe in Magic.	Crystal Gayle	female
sex or gender	Lenka Ilavská (born May 5, 1972 in Liptovský Mikuláš, Žilina Region) is a retired female racing cyclist from Slovakia.	Lenka Ilavská	female
sex or gender	Alejandra Fuentes Persson (born December 31, 1983) is a female diver from Venezuela, who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics for her native country.	Alejandra Fuentes	female
sex or gender	Valentine Moghadam (born 1952) is a feminist scholar, sociologist, activist, and author, whose work focuses on women in development, globalization, feminist networks, and female employment in the Middle East.	Valentine Moghadam	female
sex or gender	Elisa Leonida Zamfirescu (November 10, 1887 - November 25, 1973) was one of the world's first female engineers.	Elisa Leonida Zamfirescu	female
sex or gender	Perhaps uniquely, the Balobedu crown descends according to female primogeniture: her eldest daughter is always her successor so the title of Rain Queen is normally passed from mother to daughter.	Rain Queen	female
sex or gender	Lamya Al-Mugheiry (1973 - January 8, 2009), better known as her mononym Lamya was a Kenyan-born British female dance music singer.	Lamya	female
sex or gender	Wu You (simplified Chinese: 吴优; traditional Chinese: 吳優; pinyin: Wú Yōu; born March 27, 1984 in Jinzhou, Liaoning) is a female Chinese rower, who won silver medal in the Women's double sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Wu You	female
sex or gender	Bessa Vugo (3 September 1919 in Munich -- 21 August 1991 in Kassel ) was a female German biologist, specializing in the five senses.	Bessa Vugo	female
sex or gender	Zinaida Semenova (Russian: Зинаида Семёнова; born March 19, 1962) is a retired female long-distance runner from Russia.	Zinaida Semenova	female
sex or gender	Veronica O'Mara is a historian at the University of Hull who is a specialist in medieval English religious literature, particularly sermons, and female literacy.	Veronica O'Mara	female
sex or gender	Joanne Catherall (born 18 September 1962) is one of the two female vocalists of the English synthpop band The Human League.	Joanne Catherall	female
sex or gender	According to the Remi winners listed in WorldFest history, Youxin Yang was the first Chinese female writer/director/leading actress to win the Remi Platinum Award in 2004.	Youxin Yang	female
sex or gender	Zheng Bo (simplified Chinese: 郑波; traditional Chinese: 鄭波; pinyin: Zhèng Bō; born November 26, 1983) is a male badminton player from Hunan, People's Republic of China.	Zheng Bo	male
sex or gender	Feng Guixin (born 1982-02-11 in Chaoyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese rower, who was to compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the women's quadruple sculls event.	Feng Guixin	female
sex or gender	Nahshon was, through Boaz, the direct male ancestor of David, and thus almost all of the kings of both the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah.	Nahshon	male
sex or gender	Wilma Salas Rosell (born 9 March 1991) is a retired Cuban female volleyball player.	Wilma Salas	female
sex or gender	X-23 is a female clone of Wolverine.	X-23	female
sex or gender	Akseli Lankinen (born 31 August 1997) is a Finnish male volleyball player.	Akseli Lankinen	male
sex or gender	Jessica Gaudreault (born 18 July 1994 in Mississauga, Ontario) is a female water polo player of Canada.	Jessica Gaudreault	female
sex or gender	Takuma Ueda (Japanese: 上田拓馬) (born 21 March 1989) is a male Japanese badminton player.	Takuma Ueda	male
sex or gender	Behice Arzu Ceylan (born in Sydney, Australia) is a former European champion Turkish female Taekwondo practitioner.	Arzu Ceylan	female
sex or gender	Aldenay Vasallo Machado (born February 25, 1977) is a female hammer thrower from Cuba.	Aldenay Vasallo	female
sex or gender	Evi Edna Ogholi (born 6 July 1965) is a Nigerian female reggae musician popular for her song Happy birthday	Evi Edna Ogholi	female
sex or gender	Ra Kyung-min (Hangul: 라경민; hanja: 羅景民; born 25 November 1976) is a female badminton player from South Korea.	Ra Kyung-min	female
sex or gender	Professor Heidi Wunderli-Allenspach (1 Januar 1947 in Niederuzwil, citizen of Zürich) is a Swiss biologists and was the first female rector of ETH Zürich.	Heidi Wunderli-Allenspach	female
sex or gender	Heather Erxleben (born 1966) is a former Canadian Forces soldier who was the first female to graduate from a Regular Force infantry trades training course.	Heather Erxleben	female
sex or gender	Patrick Tuara (born 23 March 1993) is a male sprinter from the Cook Islands who represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.	Patrick Tuara	male
voice type	Elise Kutscherra DeNys was an operatic soprano.	Elise Kutscherra DeNys	soprano
voice type	Franco Lo Giudice (14 March 1893 - 8 August 1990) was an Italian tenor who had a successful international opera career during the first half of the twentieth century.	Franco Lo Giudice	tenor
voice type	Blanche Thebom (September 19, 1915 -- March 23, 2010) was an American operatic mezzo-soprano, voice teacher, and opera director.	Blanche Thebom	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Charles Humphries is an English countertenor, noted for performances of Baroque and Renaissance music.	Charles Humphries	countertenor
voice type	Traian Grozăvescu (1895 -- February 14, 1927) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian operatic tenor.	Traian Grozăvescu	tenor
voice type	John Jones Hewson (2 September 1874 -- 1902), credited as Jones Hewson, was a Welsh singer and actor known for his creation and portrayal of baritone roles with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company from 1896 to 1901.	Jones Hewson	baritone
voice type	Alessio De Paolis (9 March 1893 -- 5 March 1964) was an Italian operatic tenor who specialized in character roles.	Alessio De Paolis	tenor
voice type	Orestis Makris (Greek: Ορέστης Μακρής; September 30, 1898 -- January 29, 1975) was a Greek actor and tenor.	Orestis Makris	tenor
voice type	Camille Everardi (1824 -- 1899) was a Belgian operatic baritone who had an active international career during the 1850s through the 1870s.	Camille Everardi	baritone
voice type	Jan Nepomuk Maýr (sometimes spelled Mayr, Mayer, or Maier) (17 February 1818 -- 25 October 1888) was a Czech operatic tenor, opera director, conductor, composer, and music educator.	Jan Nepomuk Maýr	tenor
voice type	Kimberly Barber (born December 21, 1959) is a Canadian mezzo-soprano and vocal pedagogue.	Kimberly Barber	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Gregory Stapp is an American bass who has performed actively in concerts and operas internationally for more than 35 years.	Gregory Stapp	bass
voice type	Montserrat Caballé (Catalan: (munsəˈrat kəβəˈʎe); born 12 April 1933) is a Spanish operatic soprano.	Montserrat Caballé	soprano
voice type	Monica Yunus (born 1979) is an American operatic soprano who has performed with many opera companies and music ensembles.	Monica Yunus	soprano
voice type	Rita Hunter CBE (15 August 1933 -- 29 April 2001) was a British operatic dramatic soprano.	Rita Hunter	soprano
voice type	Henri Legay (Paris, July 1, 1920 -- Paris, September 16, 1992) was a French operatic tenor.	Henri Legay	tenor
voice type	Christina Maria Avoglio or Avolia (floruit, 1740--1744) was an Italian soprano in Handel's opera company.	Christina Maria Avoglio	soprano
voice type	Nicholas Clapton (born 16 September 1955) is an English countertenor, singing-teacher and author.	Nicholas Clapton	countertenor
voice type	Kathryn Grayson (February 9, 1922 -- February 17, 2010) was an American actress and soprano.	Kathryn Grayson	soprano
voice type	Gertrude Grob-Prandl (11 November 1917 -- 16 May 1995) was an Austrian Wagnerian soprano.	Gertrude Grob-Prandl	soprano
voice type	Levi Stubbs (June 6, 1936 -- October 17, 2008) was an American baritone singer, best known as the lead vocalist of the R&B group the Four Tops, a band known for a variety of Motown hit records and other songs created in the 1960s and 1970s.	Levi Stubbs	baritone
voice type	Janai Brugger (born 1983) is an American operatic soprano who has won several major music competitions and has appeared in leading roles with several American opera companies.	Janai Brugger	soprano
voice type	Simona Houda-Šaturová is a Slovak classical soprano who has had an active international career performing in operas, concerts, and recitals since the early 1990s.	Simona Houda-Šaturová	soprano
voice type	Gino Bechi (16 October 1913 -- 2 February 1993) was an Italian operatic baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertory, especially in Verdi roles.	Gino Bechi	baritone
voice type	Leo Slezak (German pronunciation: (ˌleːo ˈslɛzak); 18 August 1873 -- 1 June 1946) was a world-famous Moravian tenor.	Leo Slezak	tenor
voice type	Raymond Jean-Baptiste Ernest Carbonne (30 July 1860 in Toulouse -- 1924) was a French tenor and stage director who had a long association with the Opéra-Comique in Paris.	Ernest Carbonne	tenor
voice type	Franz Ferenczy (also Franz Friedemann) (1835 -- 27 February 1881, Weimar) was a nineteenth-century German tenor who had a prolific opera career in Europe between 1859-1880.	Franz Ferenczy	tenor
voice type	http://onstageartists.com/trond-halstein-moe-uk/Trond Halstein Moe (born December 20, 1954, Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian operatic baritone.	Trond Halstein Moe	baritone
voice type	Gustavus Waltz (fl. 1732-1759) was a German bass opera singer who collaborated with Handel.	Gustavus Waltz	bass
voice type	Maria Theresia Löw (27 March 1809 -- 30 December 1885) was a German operatic soprano and harpist.	Maria Theresia Löw	soprano
voice type	Sylvia Sass (born 12 July 1951) is a Hungarian operatic soprano who has sung leading roles both in her native country and internationally.	Sylvia Sass	soprano
voice type	Maria Chiara (born 24 November 1939) is an Italian lyric soprano.	Maria Chiara	soprano
voice type	Stefania Woytowicz (8 October 1922, Orynyn, Kamianets-Podilskyi Raion -- 31 August 2005, Warsaw) was a Polish concert soprano.	Stefania Woytowicz	soprano
voice type	Giuseppe de Begnis (1793-10 August 1849) was an operatic bass singer.	Giuseppe de Begnis	bass
voice type	unusual absence of airbrushing echo places heavy demands on the chanteuse's sultry soprano. That Bernadette Peters rises to the occasion makes her performance that much more impressive.''	Bernadette Peters	soprano
voice type	Nick Afoa (born 1986 in Auckland) is a New Zealand tenor and former New Zealand age grade rugby player of Samoan and Croatian heritage.	Nick Afoa	tenor
voice type	Graciela Araya (born May 16, 1962) is an Austrian mezzo-soprano of Chilean birth who has had a prolific international opera career since the early 1980s.	Graciela Araya	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Maria Dragoni (born 22 December 1958) is an Italian operatic soprano active international career in major opera house from 1984 to present.	Maria Dragoni	soprano
voice type	Mary Garden (20 February 1874 -- 3 January 1967), was a Scottish operatic soprano with a substantial career in France and America in the first third of the 20th century.	Mary Garden	soprano
voice type	Yolanda Soares is a Portuguese soprano singer, songwriter and ``crossover'' solo artist.	Yolanda Soares	soprano
voice type	Nicola Zerola (1876 -- 21 July 1936) was an Italian operatic tenor who had an active international career from 1898-1928.	Nicola Zerola	tenor
voice type	Bertha Schwarz, often known by her stage name Bianca Bianchi, was a coloratura soprano opera singer of the late 19th century.	Bertha Schwarz	soprano
voice type	Suzanne Juyol (January 1, 1920, Paris -- July 20, 1994, Paris) was a French opera singer, the leading dramatic soprano of her era in France.	Suzanne Juyol	soprano
voice type	Julian Patrick (26 October 1927 - 8 May 2009) was an American operatic baritone and voice teacher.	Julian Patrick	baritone
voice type	Mercedes Capsir (Catalan pronunciation: (mərˈsɛðəs kəpˈsi)) (20 July 1895 - 13 March 1969) was a Catalan Spanish opera singer, a high coloratura soprano, particularly associated with light Italian roles, such as Lucia and Gilda.	Mercedes Capsir	soprano
voice type	Giacomo David (born Giacomo Davide, Presezzo, 1750 -- Bergamo, 1830), was a leading Italian tenor of the late 18th and early 19th centuries.	Giacomo David	tenor
voice type	Marie Powers (1902--1973) was an American contralto who was best known for her performance as Madame Flora in Gian Carlo Menotti's The Medium, a role that she played on stage, screen and television.	Marie Powers	contralto
voice type	Axel Köhler (born 1959 in Schwarzenberg, Saxony) is a German countertenor and opera director.	Axel Köhler	countertenor
voice type	Józef Michał Poniatowski (Rome, July 24, 1814 -- London, July 4, 1873) was a Polish szlachcic, a composer and an operatic tenor.	Józef Michał Poniatowski	tenor
voice type	Marianne Mathy-Frisdane (23 June 1890 -- 18 October 1978) was a coloratura soprano opera singer and distinguished teacher of opera and classical singing.	Marianne Mathy	soprano
voice type	Margaret Keys is an Irish soprano with Universal Records.	Margaret Keys	soprano
voice type	Anna Krauja Čena (born 1981) is a lyric soprano from Latvia.	Anna Krauja	soprano
voice type	Mac Morgan (June 25, 1917 -- June 12, 2007) was an American bass-baritone who had an active performance career in concerts and operas from the early 1940s until the mid-1970s.	Mac Morgan	bass
voice type	Arturo Chacón Cruz (August 20, 1977) is a Mexican operatic tenor.	Arturo Chacón Cruz	tenor
voice type	Marie-Gabrielle Krauss (24 March 1842 -- 6 January 1906) was an important 19th century Austrian-born French operatic soprano.	Gabrielle Krauss	soprano
voice type	Gail Dubinbaum (born 1957) is an American operatic coloratura mezzo-soprano and co-founder and Creative Director of the Phoenix Metropolitan Opera.	Gail Dubinbaum	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Theo Adam (born 1 August 1926) is a distinguished German classical bass-baritone who had an active international career in operas, concerts, and recitals from the 1940s through the 1990s.	Theo Adam	bass-baritone
voice type	Margreta Elkins AM (16 October 1930 -- 1 April 2009) was an Australian mezzo-soprano of great renown.	Margreta Elkins	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Pierre de La Garde (10 February 1717, Crécy-la-Chapelle -- 1792) was a French composer and baritone.	Pierre de La Garde	baritone
voice type	Paulina Rivoli (22 July 1823 - 12 October 1881) was a Polish operatic soprano who had an active international career with important European opera houses from 1837-1860.	Paulina Rivoli	soprano
voice type	Vyatcheslav Kagan-Paley, also known as Slava (``Слава'' Каган-Палей), is a Belarusian countertenor and male alto.	Vyatcheslav Kagan-Paley	countertenor
voice type	Virginia Guerrini (20 February 1871, Brescia -- 26 February 1948, Brescia) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano.	Virginia Guerrini	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Mary Davies (27 February 1855 -- 22 June 1930) was a Welsh mezzo-soprano and the co-founder and first President of the Welsh Folk Song Society.	Mary Davies	mezzo-soprano
